JAPANESE CONTACT Access to TMU SITEMAP TMU Official Web Site HOME Study Abroad at TMU International Exchange Activities International House About International Center toggle navigation MENU Contact Access Map Site Map TMU Official Web Site Study Abroad at TMU HOME 》 Study Abroad at TMU 》 Privately Financed International Students 》 Tuition Fee Exemption / Reduction and Installment Payment Tuition Fee Exemption / Reduction and Installment Payment ■Admission Fees Students must pay the admission fee (amounts shown below) during admission procedures. If the admission fees are revised, the amounts will be updated. Admission Fees for Students Admitted in FY2016 Undergraduates Tokyo residents 141,000yen Nonresidents 282,000yen Note: "Tokyo residents" refers to students who have had a residence in Tokyo for at least one year before the date of admission, either personally or through their spouse or a relation of the first degree. Documents certifying the information on the resident's certificate of residence in Tokyo are required. Graduate Students Tokyo residents 141,000yen Nonresidents 282,000yen Note: "Tokyo residents" refers to students who have had a residence in Tokyo for at least one year before the date of admission, either personally or through their spouse or a relation of the first degree. Documents certifying the information on the resident's certificate of residence in Tokyo are required. Tokyo residents Nonresidents Undergraduates 141,000yen 282,000yen Graduate students 141,000yen 282,000yen Note: "Tokyo residents" refers to students who have had a residence in Tokyo for at least one year before the date of admission, either personally or through their spouse or a relation of the first degree. Documents certifying the information on the resident's certificate of residence in Tokyo are required. ■Tuition Students pay tuition in two equal installments, one for each semester. The tuition amounts are as shown below. Further, if tuition is revised while a student is enrolled, the new amount will be applied. Undergraduates Undergraduates 520,800yen (First semester) （260,400yen） (Second semester) （260,400yen） If tuition is revised while a student is enrolled, the new amount will be applied. Graduate students (excluding Law School students) Undergraduates 520,800yen (First semester) （260,400yen） (Second semester) （260,400yen） If tuition is revised while a student is enrolled, the new amount will be applied. Law School students Undergraduates 663,000yen (First semester) （331,500yen） (Second semester) （331,500yen） If tuition is revised while a student is enrolled, the new amount will be applied. Annual tuition (First semester) (Second semester) Undergraduates 520,800yen （260,400yen） （260,400yen） Graduate students (excluding Law School students) 520,800yen （260,400yen） （260,400yen） Law School students 663,000yen （331,500yen） （331,500yen） If tuition is revised while a student is enrolled, the new amount will be applied. Tuition (FY2018) ■Tuition Payment Method and Deadlines Tuition is generally paid via automatic bank transfer. Your tuition for the first semester is withdrawn on May 26, and on October 26 for the second semester. If the 26th falls on a weekend or holiday, tuition will be withdrawn on the first following weekday. Please note that if you fail to pay your tuition after the deadline, even after receiving reminders for payment, may result in your expulsion from the university (Tokyo Metropolitan University Rules and Regulations, Article 33, etc.). ■Tuition Exemption/Reduction and Installment Payment Program With the aim of supporting the academic pursuits of international students, we offer a tuition exemption and reduction program for students with outstanding academic records. In principle, undergraduate students receive a 50% reduction (with full exemptions awarded to those with exceptionally high academic performance), while graduate students receive a 50% reduction. Additionally, for those who find it difficult to pay each term's tuition in a single lump sum, an installment payment plan is available. １．Eligibility Undergraduate and graduate students (regular degree-seeking students) Non-regular students (such as research students) are not eligible. Applicants must hold a "Student" visa status (including those who are currently applying). ２．Application Process If you wish to apply for a tuition exemption/reduction or the installment payment plan, you must submit an application. Details regarding the application procedure will be posted as needed on the Student Affairs Section website. Please check the website regularly for updates. 【Student Affairs Section Website】 https://gs.tmu.ac.jp/exemption/1003.html Study Abroad at TMU For Newly Enrolled International Students Privately Financed International Students Admissions for Privately-Financed International students For students who are enrolling in TMU from abroad (visa application procedure) Housing Tuition Fee Exemption / Reduction and Installment Payment Scholarships Pre-Registration for Scholarship Application JASSO Honors Scholarship Tokyo Metropolitan University Scholarship for Privately Financed International Students Japanese Government Scholarship Programs Introduction MEXT Scholarship via Embassy Recommendation MEXT Scholarship via University Recommendation Visa Housing Extension of Scholarship Period Tokyo Global Partner Scholarship Program Introduction & How to Apply Visa & Housing Various formats & orientation materials Events Exchange Programs Introduction How to Apply Visa About International Student House Curriculum Career Development Practical and Business Japanese for Career Development Career Support Workshop Summer/Winter Programs Introduction How to apply Visa Past Program Highlights Life Support After Arrival Procedures Related to Residence Status Advising & Counseling International Student Seminar Providing Event Information Matters to be reported to the municipal office of your residence National Pension System in Japan National Health Insurance in Japan Comprehensive Renters' Insurance Permission for Part-Time Jobs HANDｓ Life Information Academic Support Tutoring System Japanese Language Courses Japanese Academic Writing Support International Student Navigators Annual Schedule for International Students Handbook for International Students Contact Information Contact Us Access Map Campus Map HOME Study Abroad at TMU International Exchange Activities International House About International Center Contact Site Map TMU Official Web Site © Tokyo Metropolitan University International Center All Rights Reserved.