Skip to main content Northwestern University For Families For Counselors Publications Social Media Contact Us UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS Search this site Search Academics Academics Overview Majors and Minors Degree Options Academic Support Research Opportunities Study Abroad Pre-Enrollment Programs Student Life Student Life Overview Activities and Recreation The Residential Experience Evanston and Chicago Diversity Campus Safety Student Success Student Success Overview Six-Month Outlook Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences School of Communication School of Education and Social Policy McCormick School of Engineering Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications Bienen School of Music Career Guidance and Support Cost and Aid Visit and Engage Visit and Engage Overview Visit Campus Explore Online Regional Programming Meet Our Ambassadors Apply Apply Overview Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Advice for Applicants Application Fee Waiver FAQs FAQs Overview Application Process Visiting Campus Admission Decisions Writing Supplements High School Courses Standardized Testing Policy International Applicants Transferring to Northwestern Standardized Testing Policy Home FAQs Standardized Testing Policy Application Process Visiting Campus Admission Decisions Writing Supplements High School Courses Standardized Testing Policy International Applicants Transferring to Northwestern Search Frequently Asked Questions Search FAQs What is Northwestern's current standardized testing policy for undergraduate admission? Northwestern is test-optional and does not require ACT or SAT scores from first-year or transfer candidates applying for full-time undergraduate study. Applicants may submit an SAT or ACT score if they wish, but these scores are not required. Whether or not a student chooses to submit an SAT or ACT score, that student may submit additional, optional forms of testing (e.g., Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate scores) for consideration in the review process. How will Northwestern review applications that do not include test scores? With or without test scores, we evaluate applicants' academic and intellectual fit for Northwestern through holistic review of grades, course rigor, recommendations, academic honors or awards, writing supplements, and other information specific to your own experiences. By "holistic" we mean we consider each component of your application in the context of your high school, household, and community settings-as such, our process is built to account for the diversity of experiences, circumstances and backgrounds reflected across our applicant pool. Applying without an SAT or ACT score will not impact our review process or your chances of admission. Even though test scores are not required, is it advisable for applicants to send them if they are able to sit for a test? Even if a student is able to take an SAT or ACT, they may prefer we don't consider it as part of our application review. Our process will respect that preference; there is no need for applicants to report scores. That said, if you have test scores you feel duly reflect your academic potential, we welcome them. For applicants who choose to report scores, will they still play a role in Northwestern's application review? Yes, if an applicant chooses to report scores, we will continue to weigh them alongside all of their other application materials as part of our holistic review. For applicants who choose to send scores, will Northwestern offer flexibility for scores received after application deadlines? For Early Decision (ED) applicants, you may submit scores from October or November test dates after our November 1, 2026 ED deadline. Please self-report your scores on your applicant portal as soon as they become available, and no later than November 30, 2026, to ensure we can review them prior to our mid-December decision release. Likewise for Regular Decision (RD) applicants, if scores from December tests arrive after our January 4, 2027 deadline, you may still self-report them via your applicant portal no later than February 15, 2027. Please note, admitted students who choose to enroll, and who included test scores as part of their application, will be required to submit official SAT or ACT scores that correspond to the highest self-reported test scores prior to matriculation. Will Northwestern require or recommend additional materials for students who apply without test scores? For example, will Northwestern treat Advanced Placement (AP) or International Baccalaureate (IB) scores any differently in light of this modified testing policy? No, we will not require or recommend any additional materials for students who apply without an SAT or ACT score. As in the past, we will treat subject-based external test results (i.e. APs, supplemental IBs, etc.) as useful but optional information, knowing these exams and curricula are unavailable to many students around the world. For students whose secondary school completion is contingent on external exam scores, we will continue to require them. If I choose not to have an SAT or ACT score considered in my application review, can I still submit other forms of testing (e.g. SAT Subject Test, Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate scores) as part of my application? Yes. Students who do not wish to have SAT or ACT scores considered as part of their application review can still submit other optional forms of testing, and these scores may be self-reported on the application or through the Applicant Status Portal. Please note that the application question "Do you want us to consider SAT or ACT scores in our review of your application?" refers only to SAT and/or ACT scores. Students who wish to apply without SAT or ACT scores but do plan to self-report other forms of testing considered should respond "No" to this question. I chose not to have scores considered when I initially submitted my application, but wish to include scores after the application deadline. May I change my status and report those scores? Yes. Applicants may change their status in the applicant portal to include scores as part of our application review. Please change status and self-report your scores as soon as they are available, and no later than November 30, 2026 for Early Decision and February 15, 2027 for Regular Decision. Does Northwestern accept self-reported scores? Yes, we will accept self-reported scores from all applicants (with the exception of English proficiency scores). In order to enroll, admitted students who self-reported SAT or ACT scores will need to send official scores that corroborate their highest self-reported scores. Northwestern also considers other optional forms of testing (AP, IB, etc.) and students may self-report those scores as well. Does Northwestern allow for score choice? Yes, Northwestern allows for score choice. That is to say, applicants who choose to submit certain scores are not obligated to report all scores from all test dates. If an applicant submits more than one SAT or ACT score, will Northwestern continue to superscore? For applicants who submit scores from multiple test dates, we will continue to superscore the SAT. If choosing to submit an SAT and/or ACT score, applicants may self-report scores, taking care to report their highest individual sections of the SAT and/or highest ACT composite and section score(s). Applicants who wish to submit ACT scores from multiple test dates should self-report their highest section scores from individual test dates along with their official ACT superscore, which can be found in a student's MyACT account. Northwestern will not automatically calculate a separate ACT superscore. Students who have been admitted with consideration of test scores and who choose to enroll will be required to submit official SAT or ACT test scores that correspond to the highest self-reported scores prior to matriculation. English proficiency scores may not be self-reported; these should be submitted officially via the testing company at the applicant stage. Will Northwestern require the optional ACT science section? No, for students who choose to take and submit an ACT score, Northwestern will not require the science section. (Remember: if you self-report your scores, report your highest ACT section scores and your highest composite score from a single test date.) Can an ACT composite score combine section scores from tests taken with and without the optional science section? No. Composite score cannot combine sections from an ACT with those from an ACT plus science sitting. Will Northwestern still require English proficiency scores from certain applicants? Yes. International applicants whose first language is not English, and whose high school courses were conducted in a language other than English, will still need to submit one of three English proficiency exams: the TOEFL iBT , IELTS , or the online Duolingo English Test , a globally accessible at-home option. Will certain Northwestern programs continue to require test scores? Applicants should refer to program websites for up-to-date application requirements for the Integrated Science Program and Mathematical Methods in the Social Sciences Program . Both of these selective majors have separate application and admission processes beyond general admission. Will Northwestern receive my test scores automatically? If a student chooses to submit results from an SAT or ACT, scores should be sent directly from the appropriate agency or via self-reporting. Self-reporting SAT and/or ACT scores Students may self-report all SAT and ACT scores, but please do not calculate your own ACT superscore -report your highest ACT section scores and your highest composite score from a single test date, and our system will calculate the ACT superscore. Admitted students who choose to enroll will be required to submit official SAT or ACT test scores that confirm highest self-reported section/composite scores prior to matriculation. Testing codes The Northwestern SAT Reasoning Test code 1565. The Northwestern ACT code is 1106. Northwestern University Office of Undergraduate Admission Address Rebecca Crown Center, North Tower, Ground Floor 633 Clark Street, Suite G547 Evanston, IL 60208 Phone number (847) 491-7271 Email address ug-admission@northwestern.edu Connect youtube instagram tiktok facebook Request Information Northwestern Resources Building Access Campus Emergency Information Careers Contact Northwestern University University Policies © 2026 Northwestern University Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Statement Report a Concern Cookie Settings Academics Academics Overview Majors and Minors Degree Options Academic Support Research Opportunities Study Abroad Pre-Enrollment Programs Pre-Enrollment Programs Overview Summer Academic Workshop Bio&ChemEXCEL Bridge Program Hodge EXCEL Scholars SESP Leadership Institute Indigenous Academic Pathways Student Life Student Life Overview Activities and Recreation The Residential Experience Evanston and Chicago Diversity Campus Safety Student Success Student Success Overview Six-Month Outlook Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences School of Communication School of Education and Social Policy McCormick School of Engineering Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications Bienen School of Music Career Guidance and Support Cost and Aid Visit and Engage Visit and Engage Overview Visit Campus Visit Campus Overview Directions and Details Explore Online Explore Online Overview Recorded Campus Tour 'Cat Chats: Meet with an Alum Regional Programming Regional Programming Overview Illinois Mid-Atlantic Midwest Northeast South and Southwest West International Meet Our Ambassadors Apply Apply Overview Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Application Guidance Based on Your Background Overview QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Transfer Students First-Generation and/or Lower-Income Applicants Rural and Small-Town Applicants Chicago and Evanston Public School Students Undocumented and DACA Applicants Veterans and ROTC Homeschooled Applicants Advice for Applicants Advice for Applicants Overview Your Academic Path The "Fit" Factor Artificial Intelligence and Admission Application Fee Waiver FAQs FAQs Overview Application Process Visiting Campus Admission Decisions Writing Supplements High School Courses Standardized Testing Policy International Applicants Transferring to Northwestern Quick Links For Families For Counselors Publications Social Media Contact Us