Skip to main content Northwestern University For Families For Counselors Publications Social Media Contact Us UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS Search this site Search Academics Academics Overview Majors and Minors Degree Options Academic Support Research Opportunities Study Abroad Pre-Enrollment Programs Student Life Student Life Overview Activities and Recreation The Residential Experience Evanston and Chicago Diversity Campus Safety Student Success Student Success Overview Six-Month Outlook Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences School of Communication School of Education and Social Policy McCormick School of Engineering Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications Bienen School of Music Career Guidance and Support Cost and Aid Visit and Engage Visit and Engage Overview Visit Campus Explore Online Regional Programming Meet Our Ambassadors Apply Apply Overview Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Advice for Applicants Application Fee Waiver FAQs FAQs Overview Application Process Visiting Campus Admission Decisions Writing Supplements High School Courses Standardized Testing Policy International Applicants Transferring to Northwestern Application Materials Required, supplemental, and optional application elements. Home Apply Application Materials Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Advice for Applicants Application Fee Waiver Completing your Northwestern application. A quick checklist of application components can be found on our main Apply page . Below, you can find help related to application components, such as your letters of recommendation or personal statements, and answers to common questions. Standardized Test Scores Northwestern follows a test-optional policy and will not require ACT or SAT scores from first-year or transfer candidates. If students choose to take an SAT or ACT, there is no preference for either exam. SAT For students who take the SAT more than once, this our system will combine the highest section scores across multiple test dates and calculate a "superscore" that will override the high score from a single sitting in our database. Applicants are not obligated to report scores from all test dates, though are welcome to do so. ACT Applicants who wish to submit ACT scores from multiple test dates should report their highest section scores from individual test dates along with their official ACT superscore, which can be found in a student's MyACT account. Northwestern will not automatically calculate a separate ACT superscore. Please be sure to report this official ACT superscore and do not self-calculate an ACT superscore. ACT testers who sat for multiple tests prior to the rollout of the enhanced test may report composite scores or official superscores inclusive of their Science section, whereas ACT testers who sit for multiple tests after the new rollout will report composite scores or superscores reflective of ACT's new approach, i.e. a composite based on English, Math, and Reading scores only. Self-reporting SAT and/or ACT scores Students may self-report all SAT and ACT scores, but please do not self-calculate an ACT superscore -report the highest ACT section scores and the highest composite score (see "ACT" section above for more information). Admitted students who choose to enroll will be required to submit official SAT or ACT test scores that confirm highest self-reported section/composite scores prior to matriculation. Letters of Recommendation TIP: Letters of recommendation should be from individuals who can best speak to the range of your strengths and abilities. We require two letters of recommendation. One letter should come from your high school counselor. This could be your college counselor, guidance counselor, academic advisor, career center specialist or whoever can to best speak to your overall high school curriculum and involvement within the context of your high school. The second letter should come from one of your teachers who can address your strengths as a student in the classroom; this recommender should most likely be a teacher from one of your core subject areas, in your junior or senior year. If you have an additional reference who would like to submit a letter on your behalf, we will accept supplemental letters of recommendation. It is in your best interest that each letter provides new or different information about you. Personal Statement and Supplemental Essay(s) Northwestern 2026-27 First-Year Writing Supplements We have designed these writing supplements to help us understand your experiences throughout high school and imagine what kind of Northwestern student you may become. The supplemental questions below touch on areas we see as important for building Northwestern's Class of 2031, but you should feel free to repurpose essays you've written for other applications (including the Common/Coalition Application personal essay, which we no longer require) if they tell the story you'd most like to share. We also know there may be information or qualities not covered in our supplemental questions that you see as important to your application. To that end, we welcome-but by no means expect-your submission of a personal essay or additional information in the Common Application. The following question is required for all Common Application and Coalition with Scoir applicants (optional for QuestBridge applicants). Please respond in 300 words or fewer: We want to be sure we're considering your application in the context of your personal experiences: What aspects of your background (your identity, your school setting, your community, your household, etc.) have most shaped how you see yourself engaging in Northwestern's community, be it academically, extracurricularly, culturally, politically, socially, or otherwise? We encourage you to answer at least one and no more than two of the following questions. Please respond in fewer than 200 words per question: Painting "The Rock" is a tradition at Northwestern that invites all forms of expression-students promote campus events or extracurricular groups, support social or activist causes, show their Wildcat spirit (what we call "Purple Pride"), celebrate their culture, and more. What would you paint on The Rock, and why? Northwestern fosters a distinctively interdisciplinary culture. We believe discovery and innovation thrive at the intersection of diverse ideas, perspectives, and academic interests. Within this setting, if you could dream up an undergraduate class, research project, or creative effort (a start-up, a design prototype, a performance, etc.), what would it be? Who might be some ideal classmates or collaborators? Community and belonging matter at Northwestern. Tell us about one or more communities, networks, or student groups you see yourself connecting with on campus. Northwestern's location is special: on the shore of Lake Michigan, steps from downtown Evanston, just a few miles from Chicago. What aspects of our location are most compelling to you, and why? Northwestern is a place where people with diverse backgrounds from all over the world can study, live, and talk with one another. This range of experiences and viewpoints immeasurably enriches learning. How might your individual background contribute to this diversity of perspectives in Northwestern's classrooms and around our campus? Northwestern 2026-27 Transfer Writing Supplements We have designed our writing supplements to help us understand your experiences in school and imagine what kind of Northwestern student you may become. Our supplemental questions touch on areas we see as important for shaping our incoming transfer cohort, but you should feel free to repurpose essays you've written for other applications (including the personal essay, which we no longer require) if they tell the story you'd most like to share. We also know there may be information or qualities not covered in our supplemental questions that you see as important to your application. To that end, we welcome-but by no means expect-your submission of a personal essay or additional information, which you can upload via your Northwestern portal. The following questions are required for all applicants. Please respond in 300 words or fewer: We want to be sure we're considering your application in the context of your personal experiences: What aspects of your background, your identity, or your school, community, and/or household settings have most shaped how you see yourself engaging in Northwestern's community, be it academically, extracurricularly, culturally, politically, socially, or otherwise? Please share with us why you would like to transfer to Northwestern. Activity Chart TIP: The activity chart is your opportunity to be thorough about the depth and range of your involvement, whatever it may be. The activity chart is your chance to explain any and all activities in which you've been involved outside of your high school classes. Provide as much detail as you can, explaining any abbreviations or acronyms that may be unique to your school. If you have held any leadership positions or received any awards, honors or distinctions, be sure to include that information on the activities chart as well. There's no "right answer" to what kind of activities we like to see: Northwestern has over 500 different clubs and activities on campus, so we appreciate a very wide range of activities and value diversity of student interests. Interviews Interviews Northwestern no longer offers alumni interviews as an optional part of the application process. Prospective students can still connect with our incredible alumni through 'Cat Chats, an opportunity to learn about Northwestern via diverse alumni perspectives . In these settings, you'll steer the discussion toward connections and topics that matter most to you: maybe you want to hear from someone who comes from the same part of the world as you do. Or you may be looking for perspectives on academic or career interests from a Northwestern graduate with expertise in those areas. Or perhaps you want to explore a shared identity or background. These one-on-one conversations are designed to enhance your college search as you seek authentic insights into a best-fit community. Head to the 'Cat Chats page to learn more. Glimpse Video Submissions While our application volume is such that we cannot offer interviews, students applying from US high schools are welcome to record a Glimpse video if you wish to add a more candid voice to your application. (Students applying from international high schools can skip ahead to learn about a similar opportunity through InitialView .) Glimpse allows you to share a 60-90 second video helping us get to know you better: your values, your perspectives, your background or experiences-whatever you feel matters and may not otherwise come through fully in your other application materials. These videos are entirely optional, and students who choose not to submit a Glimpse video are at no disadvantage in the review process. For more information about Glimpse, including information about Glimpse fee waivers and collaborations with Community Based Organizations, please visit the Glimpse website here . All Glimpse videos must be submitted by November 7 for Early Decision or January 17 for Regular Decision. InitialView Interviews For students applying from international high schools, Northwestern accepts interviews from InitialView . Similar to Glimpse videos, InitialView interviews are not required and applicants without one are at no disadvantage in our review process. InitialView does not review or rate the interviews. Evaluation is done only by members of the admissions committee and provides an additional source of information and perspective about your English language proficiency, personal qualities, academic interests, and potential fit for Northwestern. All InitialView interviews for the 2024-25 cycle must be completed by November 7 for Early Decision or January 17 for Regular Decision. Selecting Early or Regular Decision TIP: If Northwestern is a school that, if admitted, you would attend without hesitation, applying Early Decision best positions you within a competitive applicant pool. If you're applying for financial aid, we use the same need-based process for financial aid awards for early decision and regular decision; your aid package will be the same regardless of when you apply. If Northwestern is a top choice, and you feel comfortable applying through the Early Decision process, you are strongly encouraged to consider applying Early Decision. We use the same review criteria for both early and regular decision. Applicants in both cycles are very competitive. Last year we enrolled approximately 50% of our incoming freshman class from early decision. To learn more about application options and deadlines , please visit our Application Dates and Deadlines page. Northwestern allocates financial aid on the basis of demonstrated financial need. Should you receive an offer of admission, your financial aid (including scholarships) will not differ whether you apply under the early decision or regular decision time frame. Please use our Net Price Calculator to determine your expected family contribution. Northwestern guarantees to meet 100% of the demonstrated need between your expected family contribution and the total cost of attendance. Applications That May Require Additional Materials Some applications may require materials in addition to an application for undergraduate admission. Below, you will find a list of requirements for Bienen School of Music, Integrated Science Program (ISP), Mathematical Methods in Social Sciences (MMSS) and School of Communication's Musical Theater Program. For questions pertaining to the content of submission of supplemental application material, please contact the corresponding office directly. Bienen School of Music In addition to an application for undergraduate admission, all undergraduate applicants to the Bienen School of Music must submit a Bienen School Supplement. Submitting the Supplement ensures that the Bienen School of Music is aware that you are applying for a music major, and provides a portal to submit music application materials. Bienen School applicants also register for auditions via the Supplement. Supplement materials: Music prescreening and/or portfolio materials Music teacher recommendation letter (required, submit via Bienen School Supplement ) See instructions and deadlines for submitting the supplement. Please note that many supplement deadlines fall prior to those of the general application for admission. Integrated Science Program (ISP) Students who wish to apply to the Integrated Science Program (ISP) must also complete an ISP application. More information about the application process and ISP application can be found on the ISP website . The application processes to Northwestern and to ISP are separate. Admission to Northwestern is not a guarantee of admission to the ISP and the status of your ISP application will not affect your Northwestern general acceptance decision. Supplement materials: For an updated list of required materials, please see the ISP website . ISP application considerations: Your high school preparation should include four years of mathematics, including one year of calculus, and four years of science, including chemistry and physics. Taking AP Physics and Chemistry is highly recommended. You should complete the study of one-variable differential and integral calculus before enrolling in ISP. If you will not complete this study in high school, we will ask you to outline how you plan to fulfill this requirement. See instructions and deadlines for submitting the supplement. Mathematical Methods in the Social Sciences (MMSS) Students who wish to apply to the Mathematical Methods in the Social Sciences program must also complete an MMSS application using the online application . The application processes to Northwestern and to MMSS are separate. Admission to Northwestern is not a guarantee of admission to the MMSS and the status of your MMSS application will not affect your Northwestern general acceptance decision. MMSS application considerations: A strong high school curriculum, including a year of calculus, is required for admission. School of Communication Applicants to the Music Theatre Certificate Program Students applying to the Northwestern University School of Communication Theatre Major who are interested in pursuing admittance to the Northwestern University Music Theatre Certificate Program are encouraged to submit an optional Music Theatre Supplemental Portfolio. Students who are interested in Music Theatre and are applying to the Bienen School of Music do not need to submit this Music Theatre Supplemental Portfolio. Supplement materials include: Personal statement (video) Performance selection (video) Optional supporting materials Visit the School of Communication for Music Theatre Supplemental Portfolio instructions and deadlines, including a complete list of requirements. Special Circumstances TIP: Use the "Additional Information" section of the Common Application to share any information that may have significantly impacted your academic performance or other involvement. If you have experienced any special or outstanding circumstances that may have interrupted or significantly affected your academic performance in high school, you may write about those in the "additional information" section of the Common Application. If your high school counselor is aware of these circumstances, he or she may also use the Counselor Recommendation to explain this information. Should you have additional circumstances that need to be addressed, you can email a brief summary to ug-admission@northwestern.edu . Confidentiality and Mandated Reporting While we treat the information in your application with utmost confidentiality, we feel it's important to share with our applicants that all Northwestern employees, including our Undergraduate Admissions staff, are Mandated Reporters, which means we are responsible for reporting to the Office of Civil Rights and Title IX Compliance all allegations of sexual misconduct (including sexual assault, sexual exploitation, dating violence, domestic violence, stalking, and sexual harassment), discrimination based on a protected category, and harassment based on a protected category of which we become aware in the scope of our work for the University. We are also responsible for reporting suspected cases of child abuse and/or neglect . Should we come across any such allegations or evidence of child abuse and/or neglect in application materials, we are required to report that information to the appropriate office/entity. Once You've Hit "Submit" TIP: Once you've submitted your application, keep an eye on your email account associated with your Common Application or Coalition Application - that's where we'll send any important updates regarding your application status. Congratulations! You've completed your application. Sit back and relax. Keep your eye on the email address associated with your Common Application or Coalition Application. If we are missing any of your application materials, you will receive an email from ug-admission@northwestern.edu . Otherwise, you'll hear from us with an admission decision by mid-December for Early Decision applicants, by the end of March for Regular Decision applicants, or by the end of June for transfer applicants. Need to submit an update or want to check on the status of your application? Once your application has been submitted, we will email a personalized link with instructions on how to access the Applicant Status Portal, which can be used to monitor the progress of your application. Northwestern University Office of Undergraduate Admission Address Rebecca Crown Center, North Tower, Ground Floor 633 Clark Street, Suite G547 Evanston, IL 60208 Phone number (847) 491-7271 Email address ug-admission@northwestern.edu Connect youtube instagram tiktok facebook Request Information Northwestern Resources Building Access Campus Emergency Information Careers Contact Northwestern University University Policies © 2026 Northwestern University Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Statement Report a Concern Cookie Settings Academics Academics Overview Majors and Minors Degree Options Academic Support Research Opportunities Study Abroad Pre-Enrollment Programs Pre-Enrollment Programs Overview Summer Academic Workshop Bio&ChemEXCEL Bridge Program Hodge EXCEL Scholars SESP Leadership Institute Indigenous Academic Pathways Student Life Student Life Overview Activities and Recreation The Residential Experience Evanston and Chicago Diversity Campus Safety Student Success Student Success Overview Six-Month Outlook Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences School of Communication School of Education and Social Policy McCormick School of Engineering Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications Bienen School of Music Career Guidance and Support Cost and Aid Visit and Engage Visit and Engage Overview Visit Campus Visit Campus Overview Directions and Details Explore Online Explore Online Overview Recorded Campus Tour 'Cat Chats: Meet with an Alum Regional Programming Regional Programming Overview Illinois Mid-Atlantic Midwest Northeast South and Southwest West International Meet Our Ambassadors Apply Apply Overview Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Application Guidance Based on Your Background Overview QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Transfer Students First-Generation and/or Lower-Income Applicants Rural and Small-Town Applicants Chicago and Evanston Public School Students Undocumented and DACA Applicants Veterans and ROTC Homeschooled Applicants Advice for Applicants Advice for Applicants Overview Your Academic Path The "Fit" Factor Artificial Intelligence and Admission Application Fee Waiver FAQs FAQs Overview Application Process Visiting Campus Admission Decisions Writing Supplements High School Courses Standardized Testing Policy International Applicants Transferring to Northwestern Quick Links For Families For Counselors Publications Social Media Contact Us