Skip to main content Northwestern University For Families For Counselors Publications Social Media Contact Us UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS Search this site Search Academics Academics Overview Majors and Minors Degree Options Academic Support Research Opportunities Study Abroad Pre-Enrollment Programs Student Life Student Life Overview Activities and Recreation The Residential Experience Evanston and Chicago Diversity Campus Safety Student Success Student Success Overview Six-Month Outlook Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences School of Communication School of Education and Social Policy McCormick School of Engineering Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications Bienen School of Music Career Guidance and Support Cost and Aid Visit and Engage Visit and Engage Overview Visit Campus Explore Online Regional Programming Meet Our Ambassadors Apply Apply Overview Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Advice for Applicants Application Fee Waiver FAQs FAQs Overview Application Process Visiting Campus Admission Decisions Writing Supplements High School Courses Standardized Testing Policy International Applicants Transferring to Northwestern Application Dates and Deadlines Get the right information, for you. Home Apply Application Dates and Deadlines Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Advice for Applicants Application Fee Waiver Learn about the different applicant types at Northwestern: QuestBridge , Early Decision , Regular Decision and Transfer . Be sure to note different requirements and deadlines. Application deadlines QuestBridge Applicant Early Decision First-Year Applicant Regular Decision First-Year Applicant Early Decision Transfer Applicant Regular Decision Transfer Applicant Application Due Date October 1, 2026 November 1, 2026 January 4, 2027 March 1, 2027* April 1, 2027* Financial Aid Due Date October 1, 2026 December 1, 2026 February 1, 2027 March 1, 2027 April 1, 2027 Decision Release December 2026 December 2026 March 2027 Early April 2027 Mid- to late-May 2027 *Note: The priority deadline for all Bienen School of Music transfer applicants is January 4, 2027. For more information about important dates, including audition schedules, please see Bienen's Undergraduate Application Timeline . QuestBridge Northwestern partners with QuestBridge to help identify high school seniors who have shown outstanding academic ability despite financial challenges through a process called College Match. Ranking colleges through the College Match means that you are entering an agreement with the college that if you are matched, you are committed to attending that college and you must withdraw any other college applications. Eligibility In order to be eligible to apply to the National College Match in the fall of 2026, applicants must graduate from high school during or before the summer of 2027 and plan to enroll as a freshman in college in the fall of 2027. The QuestBridge National College Match is open to all: U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents or Students, regardless of citizenship, currently attending high school in the United States. For more information on applying through QuestBridge, email us at QuestBridge@northwestern.edu or visit the Questbridge website . Dates and Deadlines See the QuestBridge website for dates and deadlines. Note for prospective music majors QuestBridge applicants interested in majoring in music are required to submit the Bienen School Supplement with any applicable prescreening/program requirements by October 15. Auditions take place in early November. Visit the Bienen School of Music website to learn more. Early Decision First-Year If you've done good college research and would be thrilled to land at Northwestern next fall, then Early Decision (ED) could be a good option for you. Applicants who choose ED send a strong, positive message to Northwestern. Given early applicants' high level of interest, and the academic and personal strength we see across our early pool, our ED acceptance rate is typically higher than that of Regular Decision (RD). As with all traditional ED plans, you agree to withdraw all applications at other colleges and enroll at Northwestern if admitted. Your financial aid offer will be exactly the same whether you apply ED or RD. If you are considering ED but are concerned about cost, our Net Price Calculator tool can give you a preliminary estimate of whether you will qualify for need-based financial aid, and, if so, what your loan-free aid package will look like. Dates and Deadlines October: Standardized testing Northwestern follows a test-optional policy and will not require ACT or SAT scores from first-year or transfer candidates. If submitting scores, use Northwestern school code 1565 (SAT) or 1106 (ACT) to have your SAT or ACT sent directly to us. Alternatively, applicants may self-report these scores, taking care to report their highest individual sections of the SAT and/or highest ACT composite score. Applicants are not obligated to report scores from all test dates, though are welcome to do so. Admitted students who choose to enroll, and included test scores as part of their evaluation, will be required to submit official SAT or ACT that correspond to the highest self-reported test scores prior to matriculation. Applicants who wish to submit ACT scores from multiple test dates should report their highest section scores from individual test dates along with their official ACT superscore, which can be found in a student's MyACT account. Northwestern will not automatically calculate a separate ACT superscore. Please be sure to report this official ACT superscore and do not self-calculate an ACT superscore. ACT testers who sat for multiple tests prior to the rollout of the enhanced test may report composite scores or official superscores inclusive of their Science section, whereas ACT testers who sit for multiple tests after the new rollout will report composite scores or superscores reflective of ACT's new approach, i.e. a composite based on English, Math, and Reading scores only. November 1 (by 11:59 pm applicant's local time): Application deadline The following must be submitted: Common Application, Apply Coalition with Scoir, or QuestBridge application Common Application or Apply Coalition with Scoir personal essay (OPTIONAL) Northwestern supplement, (with additional writing supplements ) Official secondary school transcript (s) from all schools attended and school report from most recently attended school (including counselor recommendation), Teacher recommendation, Standardized test scores (optional), Early Decision agreement and A nonrefundable application fee of $75 or application fee waiver. APPLY VIA COMMON APPLICATION APPLY VIA COALITION WITH SCOIR APPLICATION Mid-December: Early Decision admission decision When decisions are available for viewing in our applicant portal, we will send an email to the address provided in your application. If you're admitted, and your family has provided the College Scholarship Service Financial Aid Profile (CSS Profile), you will be notified of your financial aid award details within one week of the release of your admission decision. February 1: Enrollment decision and tuition deposit To confirm your place in the first-year class, you must submit your nonrefundable tuition deposit by February 1. Regular Decision First-Year Most students apply to Northwestern through Regular Decision, which allows them to potentially consider multiple offers of admission and financial aid. If you are interested, our Net Price Calculator tool can give you a preliminary estimate of whether you will qualify for need-based financial aid, and, if so, what your loan-free aid package will look like. Dates and Deadlines December: Standardized testing Northwestern follows a test-optional policy and will not require ACT or SAT scores from first-year or transfer candidates. If submitting scores, use Northwestern school code 1565 (SAT) or 1106 (ACT) to have your SAT or ACT sent directly to us. Alternatively, applicants may self-report these scores, taking care to report their highest individual sections of the SAT and/or highest ACT composite score. Applicants are not obligated to report scores from all test dates, though are welcome to do so. Admitted students who choose to enroll, and included test scores as part of their evaluation, will be required to submit official SAT or ACT that correspond to the highest self-reported test scores prior to matriculation. Applicants who wish to submit ACT scores from multiple test dates should report their highest section scores from individual test dates along with their official ACT superscore, which can be found in a student's MyACT account. Northwestern will not automatically calculate a separate ACT superscore. Please be sure to report this official ACT superscore and do not self-calculate an ACT superscore. ACT testers who sat for multiple tests prior to the rollout of the enhanced test may report composite scores or official superscores inclusive of their Science section, whereas ACT testers who sit for multiple tests after the new rollout will report composite scores or superscores reflective of ACT's new approach, i.e. a composite based on English, Math, and Reading scores only. January 4 (by 11:59 pm applicant's local time): Application deadline The following must be submitted: Common Application or Apply Coalition with Scoir (including Northwestern supplement) Official university transcript(s) from all universities attended, must demonstrate at least one year of full-time undergraduate study Official secondary school transcript(s) from all schools attended and final transcript noting graduation College report Academic evaluation Non-refundable $75 application fee or fee waiver APPLY VIA COMMON APPLICATION APPLY VIA COALITION WITH SCOIR APPLICATION Late March: Regular Decision admission decision When decisions are available for viewing in our applicant portal, we will send an email to the address provided in your application. If you're admitted, and your family has provided the College Scholarship Service Financial Aid Profile (CSS Profile), you will be notified of your financial aid award details within one week of the release of your admission decision. May 1: Enrollment decision and tuition deposit To confirm your place in the first-year class, you must submit your nonrefundable tuition deposit by May 1. Transfer Students who have enrolled in, and earned credits from, post-secondary study after secondary school graduation must apply as a transfer student. Note that Northwestern only considers transfer applications for fall-quarter enrollment. Successful transfer applicants typically arrive at Northwestern having completed at least one academic year of full-time college coursework (24 semester hours or 36 quarter hours). Please note the following possible restrictions to transfer applications: The School of Communication: Theatre department spaces are only occasionally available. The Bienen School of Music: Contact the Bienen School of Music to inquire if a vacancy exists in your performance area and to schedule an audition. Due to the limited number of openings each year in the Bienen School of Music, transfer applicants are encouraged to audition in February during our published audition dates. If you wish to take your audition for the Bienen School in February, you must follow the application and prescreening deadlines above for Freshman Regular Decision. Transfer applicants who do not register for an audition by December 1 will have to wait until March 2 to schedule a live audition. Early Decision Northwestern offers transfer applicants two pathways to join our community: Early Decision (ED) Transfer and Regular Decision (RD) Transfer. By applying Early Decision, you commit to enroll at Northwestern and withdraw your applications from other schools if you are admitted. Early Decision is a good fit for applicants who have identified Northwestern as their top choice; transfer applicants who choose ED send a strong, positive message of commitment to Northwestern. While our holistic review process will remain consistent across all applicants, we expect to see a higher acceptance rate for Early Decision Transfer applicants due to the high level of interest, the anticipated strength of the pool, and the strong alignment between candidates' visions for college and Northwestern's institutional values, academic culture, and campus community. For students who apply for financial aid, the financial aid offer will be exactly the same whether you apply ED or RD. All of our financial aid is based on demonstrated financial need-to get a sense of your potential financial aid package, you can use our Net Price Calculator. Following admission, the Office of the Registrar will conduct a preliminary evaluation of your submitted transcripts, and you will receive a report that lists the courses accepted for transfer credits and the estimated total number of transferred units. A Transfer Early Decision Agreement is required for Early Decision applicants and can be downloaded, completed, and uploaded to your Northwestern Applicant Portal. Dates and Deadlines March 1 (by 11:59 pm applicant's local time): Early Decision application deadline Northwestern will be test optional for first-year applicants for the 2025-26 cycle. The following must be submitted: Common Application or Apply Coalition with Scoir application Official secondary school transcript from all schools attended and final transcript noting graduation Official university transcript(s) College report Academic evaluation Early Decision Transfer Agreement A nonrefundable application fee of $75 or application fee waiver. APPLY VIA COMMON APPLICATION APPLY VIA COALITION WITH SCOIR APPLICATION April 1 (by 11:59 pm applicant's local time): Regular Decision application deadline Northwestern will be test optional for first-year applicants for the 2025-26 cycle. The following must be submitted: Common Application or Apply Coalition with Scoir application Official secondary school transcript from all schools attended and final transcript noting graduation Official university transcript(s) College report Academic evaluation A nonrefundable application fee of $75 or application fee waiver. APPLY VIA COMMON APPLICATION APPLY VIA COALITION WITH SCOIR APPLICATION Applications that might require additional materials Additional application requirements might be necessary for the following applicants: Bienen School of Music applicants School of Communication applicants to the Music Theater Certificate Program Integrated Science Program applicants Mathematical Methods in the Social Sciences applicants See these requirements Northwestern University Office of Undergraduate Admission Address Rebecca Crown Center, North Tower, Ground Floor 633 Clark Street, Suite G547 Evanston, IL 60208 Phone number (847) 491-7271 Email address ug-admission@northwestern.edu Connect youtube instagram tiktok facebook Request Information Northwestern Resources Building Access Campus Emergency Information Careers Contact Northwestern University University Policies © 2026 Northwestern University Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Statement Report a Concern Cookie Settings Academics Academics Overview Majors and Minors Degree Options Academic Support Research Opportunities Study Abroad Pre-Enrollment Programs Pre-Enrollment Programs Overview Summer Academic Workshop Bio&ChemEXCEL Bridge Program Hodge EXCEL Scholars SESP Leadership Institute Indigenous Academic Pathways Student Life Student Life Overview Activities and Recreation The Residential Experience Evanston and Chicago Diversity Campus Safety Student Success Student Success Overview Six-Month Outlook Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences School of Communication School of Education and Social Policy McCormick School of Engineering Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications Bienen School of Music Career Guidance and Support Cost and Aid Visit and Engage Visit and Engage Overview Visit Campus Visit Campus Overview Directions and Details Explore Online Explore Online Overview Recorded Campus Tour 'Cat Chats: Meet with an Alum Regional Programming Regional Programming Overview Illinois Mid-Atlantic Midwest Northeast South and Southwest West International Meet Our Ambassadors Apply Apply Overview Application Dates and Deadlines Application Materials Application Guidance Based on Your Background Application Guidance Based on Your Background Overview QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Transfer Students First-Generation and/or Lower-Income Applicants Rural and Small-Town Applicants Chicago and Evanston Public School Students Undocumented and DACA Applicants Veterans and ROTC Homeschooled Applicants Advice for Applicants Advice for Applicants Overview Your Academic Path The "Fit" Factor Artificial Intelligence and Admission Application Fee Waiver FAQs FAQs Overview Application Process Visiting Campus Admission Decisions Writing Supplements High School Courses Standardized Testing Policy International Applicants Transferring to Northwestern Quick Links For Families For Counselors Publications Social Media Contact Us