Skip to main content Northwestern University Net Price Calculator Undergraduate Admissions Application Steps Forms Contact UNDERGRADUATE FINANCIAL AID Search this site Search How Aid Works How Aid Works Overview Keeping Northwestern Affordable Financial Need & Eligibility Before Applying for Loans Estimate Your Cost & Aid Cost of Attendance Sample Financial Aid Letter Requirements Calculation Tools Net Price Calculator Quick Cost Estimator Types of Aid Types of Aid Overview Scholarships & Grants Loans Federal Work-Study Emergency Aid Aid for Service Members Study Abroad Aid Aid for Resident Assistants Summer Aid Helpful Links Glossary Federal Direct Loan Updates Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Overview Deadlines & Steps for... Prospective Domestic Students Prospective International Students Newly Admitted & Incoming Students Current & Returning Students Undergraduate Emergency Aid Aid for Health Insurance QuestBridge Aid Application Material Corrections Federal Verification Aid Application FAQs Manage Your Aid Manage Your Aid Overview Review & Respond to Your Aid Letter Disbursement Aid Refunds & Balance Credits Appeals & Special Circumstances Withdrawals, Leaves & Absences Repaying Your Loans Exit Counseling Undergraduate Emergency Aid Reapplying for Aid Each Year Aid Management Tools Application Data Privacy Direct Deposit Help & Support Help & Support Overview Resources for... Prospective Domestic Students International Students Current & Admitted Students Parents & Families Contact & Appointments Forms Glossary Announcements & Policy Changes Financial Wellness Billing & Budget Estimation Tax Information Consumer Information FAQs FAQs Overview Admitted Students Aid Award Package Billing Co-op Programs Eligibility & Aid Applications International Students Living Off Campus Living With Family Loans Part-time Enrollment QuestBridge Resident Assistants Study Abroad Summer Courses Prospective International and Undocumented Students Home Apply for Aid Prospective International Students Prospective Domestic Students Prospective International Students Newly Admitted & Incoming Students Current & Returning Students Undergraduate Emergency Aid Aid for Health Insurance QuestBridge Aid Application Material Corrections Federal Verification Aid Application FAQs Applying for financial aid begins when you apply to Northwestern. Applying for Aid Apply for Aid Consideration: You'll apply for financial aid when you apply to Northwestern by indicating on your admissions application that you wish to be considered for assistance. Follow the steps below to apply for financial aid. Follow Your Group's Deadlines: Your application deadlines will vary depending on your application group. Please be sure to follow deadlines to ensure we receive your application on time. Admitted Students: If you have been admitted to Northwestern and have already received your aid package, please see steps for admitted and incoming students . Before you begin your application, check out our Financial Need and Eligibility page for some first steps and background. Learn about what aid is available to you on our Resources for International Students page . Financial Aid Application Deadlines Find the financial aid application deadlines that apply to you. Regular Decision Early Decision Transfer Regular Decision Open Close January 2 Request financial aid consideration When completing the application for admission, be sure to indicate that you are requesting consideration for financial aid by checking "yes" in the financial aid interest box. International candidates seeking financial aid are evaluated in a need-aware manner , meaning that your request for financial aid will be taken into consideration by the admission committee and that the process will be more competitive. If you did not initially check this box, you must email nuinternational@northwestern.edu to change your designation prior to the appropriate Early/Regular Decision financial aid deadline listed below. February 2 Submit as early as October 1 Submit your CSS profile or ISAFA The College Scholarship Service Profile is completed and submitted online through The College Board website . Northwestern's CSS Profile code is 1565. Once processed, you will receive a Data Confirmation Report. Any corrections after submission must be submitted directly to our office. If your biological/adoptive parents are divorced or separated, your custodial and your noncustodial parent will each need to complete a separate Profile application. If you have no contact with your noncustodial parent, contact our office . International Students are not eligible for Profile fee waivers from the College Board. If you cannot submit the Profile from your country or if submission of the Profile would cause significant financial hardship for your family, please complete the International Student Application for Financial Assistance (ISAFA) and submit the completed form via secure document upload . Applicants submitting the ISAFA may be required to submit additional documentation and will be notified directly. February 5 Submit as early as November 1 Complete and submit federal tax forms Once you have filed the CSS/Financial Aid Profile you will need to submit a copy of your parents' national tax forms from the most recent tax year via secure document upload , OR, if your country does not have an annual tax form, an official statement/letter of earnings from each parent's employer verifying income with official signatures and/or seals. All tax or earnings documents require official translation into English (if converted to U.S. dollars, the conversion rate must be indicated) and submitted to the Office of Undergraduate Financial Aid. You may submit the documents via the Undergraduate Financial Aid Secure Document Upload or via email (PDF preferred) to undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu . Be sure to include "International Tax Document" in the subject line of the email. All document submissions should include a completed cover sheet . Write your full name and date of birth on each document. Late March Exact date changes year to year Admission decisions and aid offers released For students meeting the financial aid deadline for their application plan, financial aid award notification will be sent with or soon after your acceptance letter. This allows you to make an informed decision about Northwestern with full knowledge of the financial commitment necessary from your family. Northwestern issues four-year aid awards for international applicants in order to ensure a student will begin knowing how to plan financially for all four years of undergraduate study. May 1 Admissions deposit deadline Your specific deposit deadline may be different than what is listed here. Please check your admissions portal and acceptance letter to get the correct date for you. Transition to steps for newly admitted and incoming students After you're accepted to Northwestern, you'll transition to these steps for incoming students . Early Decision Open Close November 1 Request financial aid consideration When completing the application for admission, be sure to indicate that you are requesting consideration for financial aid by checking "yes" in the financial aid interest box. International candidates seeking financial aid are evaluated in a need-aware manner , meaning that your request for financial aid will be taken into consideration by the admission committee and that the process will be more competitive. If you did not initially check this box, you must email nuinternational@northwestern.edu to change your designation prior to the appropriate Early/Regular Decision financial aid deadline listed below. December 1 Submit your CSS profile or ISAFA The College Scholarship Service Profile is completed and submitted online through The College Board website . Northwestern's CSS Profile code is 1565. Once processed, you will receive a Data Confirmation Report. Any corrections after submission must be submitted directly to our office. If your biological/adoptive parents are divorced or separated, your custodial and your noncustodial parent will each need to complete a separate Profile application. If you have no contact with your noncustodial parent, contact our office . International Students are not eligible for Profile fee waivers from the College Board. If you cannot submit the Profile from your country or if submission of the Profile would cause significant financial hardship for your family, please complete the International Student Application for Financial Assistance (ISAFA) and submit the completed form via secure document upload . Applicants submitting the ISAFA may be required to submit additional documentation and will be notified directly. December 5 Complete and submit federal tax forms Once you have filed the CSS/Financial Aid Profile you will need to submit a copy of your parents' national tax forms from the most recent tax year via secure document upload , OR, if your country does not have an annual tax form, an official statement/letter of earnings from each parent's employer verifying income with official signatures and/or seals. All tax or earnings documents require official translation into English (if converted to U.S. dollars, the conversion rate must be indicated) and submitted to the Office of Undergraduate Financial Aid. You may submit the documents via the Undergraduate Financial Aid Secure Document Upload or via email (PDF preferred) to undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu . Be sure to include "International Tax Document" in the subject line of the email. All document submissions should include a completed cover sheet . Write your full name and date of birth on each document. December Admission decisions and aid offers released For students meeting the financial aid deadline for their application plan, financial aid award notification will be sent with or soon after your acceptance letter. This allows you to make an informed decision about Northwestern with full knowledge of the financial commitment necessary from your family. Northwestern issues four-year aid awards for international applicants in order to ensure a student will begin knowing how to plan financially for all four years of undergraduate study. February 1 Admissions deposit deadline Your specific deposit deadline may be different than what is listed here. Please check your admissions portal and acceptance letter to get the correct date for you. Transition to steps for newly admitted and incoming students After you're accepted to Northwestern, you'll transition to these steps for incoming students . Transfer Open Close March 2 Request financial aid consideration When completing the application for admission, be sure to indicate that you are requesting consideration for financial aid by checking "yes" in the financial aid interest box. International candidates seeking financial aid are evaluated in a need-aware manner , meaning that your request for financial aid will be taken into consideration by the admission committee and that the process will be more competitive. If you did not initially check this box, you must email nuinternational@northwestern.edu to change your designation prior to the appropriate Early/Regular Decision financial aid deadline listed below. March 15 Submit your CSS profile or ISAFA The College Scholarship Service Profile is completed and submitted online through The College Board website . Northwestern's CSS Profile code is 1565. Once processed, you will receive a Data Confirmation Report. Any corrections after submission must be submitted directly to our office. If your biological/adoptive parents are divorced or separated, your custodial and your noncustodial parent will each need to complete a separate Profile application. If you have no contact with your noncustodial parent, contact our office . International Students are not eligible for Profile fee waivers from the College Board. If you cannot submit the Profile from your country or if submission of the Profile would cause significant financial hardship for your family, please complete the International Student Application for Financial Assistance (ISAFA) and submit the completed form via secure document upload . Applicants submitting the ISAFA may be required to submit additional documentation and will be notified directly. April 20 Complete and submit federal tax forms Once you have filed the CSS/Financial Aid Profile you will need to submit a copy of your parents' national tax forms from the most recent tax year via secure document upload , OR, if your country does not have an annual tax form, an official statement/letter of earnings from each parent's employer verifying income with official signatures and/or seals. All tax or earnings documents require official translation into English (if converted to U.S. dollars, the conversion rate must be indicated) and submitted to the Office of Undergraduate Financial Aid. You may submit the documents via the Undergraduate Financial Aid Secure Document Upload or via email (PDF preferred) to undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu . Be sure to include "International Tax Document" in the subject line of the email. All document submissions should include a completed cover sheet . Write your full name and date of birth on each document. May Admission decisions and aid offers released For students meeting the financial aid deadline for their application plan, financial aid award notification will be sent with or soon after your acceptance letter. This allows you to make an informed decision about Northwestern with full knowledge of the financial commitment necessary from your family. Northwestern issues four-year aid awards for international applicants in order to ensure a student will begin knowing how to plan financially for all four years of undergraduate study. June 1 Admissions deposit deadline Your specific deposit deadline may be different than what is listed here. Please check your admissions portal and acceptance letter to get the correct date for you. Transition to steps for newly admitted and incoming students After you're accepted to Northwestern, you'll transition to these steps for incoming students . Aid Resources Federal Verification Document Upload for prospective international students Application Material Corrections Consumer Information We're Here When You Need Us Email our team, schedule an appointment with a counselor, give us a call, or come visit us in person: Connect with our office Northwestern University Undergraduate Financial Aid Address Rebecca Crown Center, East Tower, 1st Floor 633 Clark Street, Suite 1603 Evanston, IL 60208 Phone number (847) 491-7400 Email address undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu Northwestern Resources Building Access Campus Emergency Information Careers Contact Northwestern University University Policies © 2026 Northwestern University Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Statement Report a Concern How Aid Works How Aid Works Overview Keeping Northwestern Affordable Financial Need & Eligibility Before Applying for Loans Estimate Your Cost & Aid Estimate Your Cost & Aid Overview Quick Cost Estimator Net Price Calculator Cost of Attendance Sample Financial Aid Letter Requirements Requirements Overview Enrollment Status Satisfactory Academic Progress Maximum Timeframe Requirements Types of Aid Types of Aid Overview Scholarships & Grants Scholarships & Grants Overview Northwestern Scholarships Federal & State Scholarships & Grants Outside Scholarships Report Outside Scholarships Loans Loans Overview Loan Fee Calculator Federal Loans Federal Direct Loan Updates Private Loans NU Loans Federal Work-Study Emergency Aid Aid for Service Members Aid for Service Members Overview VA Benefits Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps (NROTC) Study Abroad Aid Aid for Resident Assistants Summer Aid Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Overview Deadlines & Steps for... Prospective Domestic Students Prospective Domestic Students Overview Prospective International Students Prospective International Students Overview Newly Admitted & Incoming Students Newly Admitted & Incoming Students Overview Current & Returning Students Current & Returning Students Overview Other Application Resources Undergraduate Emergency Aid Aid for Health Insurance QuestBridge Aid Application Material Corrections Federal Verification Aid Application FAQs Manage Your Aid Manage Your Aid Overview Review & Respond to Your Aid Letter Disbursement Aid Refunds & Balance Credits Appeals & Special Circumstances Withdrawals, Leaves & Absences Repaying Your Loans Exit Counseling Undergraduate Emergency Aid Reapplying for Aid Each Year Help & Support Help & Support Overview Resources for... Prospective Domestic Students Prospective Domestic Students Overview Document Upload for Prospective Students International Students International Students Overview Current & Admitted Students Current & Admitted Students Overview Document Upload for Returning Students Billing & Budget Estimation Parents & Families Parents & Families Overview Other Support Resources Contact & Appointments Contact & Appointments Overview Financial Aid Offices Campus Partners Forms Glossary Announcements & Policy Changes Financial Wellness Billing & Budget Estimation Tax Information Consumer Information FAQs FAQs Overview Admitted Students Aid Award Package Billing Co-op Programs Eligibility & Aid Applications International Students Living Off Campus Living With Family Loans Part-time Enrollment QuestBridge Resident Assistants Study Abroad Summer Courses Quick Links Net Price Calculator Undergraduate Admissions Application Steps Forms Contact