School of International Liberal Studies Waseda University LINE Account 150th Anniversary My Waseda Donation JP EN News About the School From the Dean History School Overview Curriculum The Faculty Faculty Recruitment Research Activities For Applicants Why SILS ? Admissions Guide Data Tuition, Dormitories, and Scholarships Career Path FAQ Voices Information for Incoming Students For Current Students Academic Calendar Guidebook for Students Class Course Registration and Teacher's License Grades, Credits and Graduation Tuition and Fees, Scholarships and Dormitories Study Abroad 5BM Student ID Card, Changes in Registered Information Leave of Absence / Return to the School / Withdrawal / Readmission Request a Certificate Career Support/Global Network Center Student Life Consultation Service Spaces for self-study Facilities FAQ For Alumni One-Year Program/Double Degree Program to Waseda General Information Features and Curriculum Course Information and Registration Grades Certificates and Transcripts Admissions Campus Life SILS Office Faculty Recruitment My Waseda Access JP EN School of International Liberal Studies Waseda University JP EN News About the School From the Dean History School Overview Curriculum The Faculty Faculty Recruitment Research Activities For Applicants Why SILS ? Admissions Guide Data Tuition, Dormitories, and Scholarships Career Path FAQ Voices Information for Incoming Students For Current Students Academic Calendar Guidebook for Students Class Course Registration and Teacher's License Grades, Credits and Graduation Tuition and Fees, Scholarships and Dormitories Study Abroad 5BM Student ID Card, Changes in Registered Information Leave of Absence / Return to the School / Withdrawal / Readmission Request a Certificate Career Support/Global Network Center Student Life Consultation Service Spaces for self-study Facilities FAQ For Alumni One-Year Program/Double Degree Program to Waseda General Information Features and Curriculum Course Information and Registration Grades Certificates and Transcripts Admissions Campus Life SILS Office Faculty Recruitment Faculty of International Research and Education Graduate School of Asia-Pacific Studies Research Center of Asia-Pacific Studies Graduate School of Japanese Applied Linguistics Graduate School of International Culture and Communication Studies Contact LINE Account 150th Anniversary Access School of International Liberal Studies, Waseda University Campus list Donation Databases Syllabus Search Researcher Database Waseda University Repository Seeds Database Waseda E-Resource Portal Cultural Resource Database For Applicants FAQ FAQ General Questions Study Abroad Applicant Eligibility for AO Admissions Application Document for AO April Entry (Overseas) and AO September Entry General Questions How large is the percentage of international students studying at SILS? Approximately 30% of SILS students are international students. Students come from around 50 different countries and regions in Asia, Europe, North America, South America, and Africa. In addition, SILS receives more than 300 exchange students per year from prestigious partner universities represented by University of California, Berkeley, University College London, McGill University, Sciences Po, Peking University, etc. Is it required even for students with high levels of English proficiency to take English classes? Regardless of English language proficiency, some of the English courses (English Academic Writing) are mandatory. Students who have a score of TOEFL iBT Overall 4.5 (Former scale:79), TOEFL(ITP) 550, TOEIC 750, IELTS 6.5, and Eiken Grade 1 or above will be exempted from some of the English courses and required to replace the credits from these courses with other subjects. Note that all new students will be asked to take placement tests before entering SILS. What kind of teaching license can I obtain at SILS? You may obtain the teaching license for English subjects in junior and senior high schools in Japan. Please refer to Teacher's License / Qualification (Japanese page only). Please note that it is necessary to have a high level of proficiency in Japanese, since you will be required to take many courses taught in Japanese at the School of Education. What career options are available to SILS graduates? After graduation, SILS students go on to jobs or post-graduate studies not only in Japan but also in many other countries. They have found employment in a wide range of job positions in IT, finance, manufacturer, mass media, international organizations, public offices, etc. For further information, please refer to Career after Graduation . How much is the tuition and other fees? Please refer to "Tuition and Scholarship" in the middle of the English-based Undergraduate Programs . Do you have any student dormitories? Waseda University has various dormitories available for international and domestic students. Please refer to Dormitory Desk, Student Affairs Section . I have to perform compulsory military service after enrollment. What should I do? You may apply for a leave of absence due to compulsory military service for the semester(s) during which you will be performing military service by submitting the designated application form and a certificate of military service. Please note that taking a leave of absence immediately after enrollment is not permitted as a general rule. If you will be unable to begin attending classes immediately after enrollment because of military service, we strongly recommend that you apply to an admission scheme that allows you to begin attending classes immediately after enrollment. I am accepted by SILS, but I am not able to enter the period which I applied due to my personal reasons. Is it possible to postpone my enrollment to the following semester? Based on Waseda University's admission policy, students are not allowed to defer their enrollment period under any circumstances. If you wish to defer, you need to decline the acceptance and re-apply for the period you prefer all over again. Similarly, students cannot take a leave of absence during the 1st semester except for unavoidable reasons such as military service. What kind of scholarships are available at Waseda University? Waseda ranks at the top of Japanese universities in terms of both the number of scholarship recipients and the total funds disbursed. All Waseda-funded scholarships are outright grants rather than loans. Students who wish to apply for scholarships need to complete the online scholarship registration form by the designated date. For more details, please refer to the Scholarship and Financial Assistance Section . Does SILS accept MEXT scholarship students? Unfortunately, we do not accept MEXT scholarship students. What kind of courses does SILS offer? Please refer to the course lists on Course Registration and Teacher's License and Web Syllabus Search . How can I obtain a Student visa after I am accepted by SILS? If your nationality is not Japanese and you are not a legal resident in Japan, you will first need to obtain a certificate of eligibility (COE) from the Immigration Services Agency, located in Japan as a part of the process for obtaining a Student visa. Limited to students with foreign citizenship and living outside of Japan who have completed enrollment procedures, SILS will apply for a COE to the Immigration Services Agency on the student's behalf. Please note that t he entire process to obtain a Student visa t akes approximately two to three months , and i f you hold a dual citizenship of Japan and another country, you cannot apply for the COE/Student visa. Study Abroad Is it compulsory to study abroad? It is compulsory for Study Plan 1 students (whose first language is Japanese)* to study abroad for one year, while the opportunity is equally available as an option for SP2 students (whose first language is not Japanese). Alternatively, Study Plan 2 students may continue studying at Waseda University for the whole 4 years. *Students whose first language is Japanese, however, may choose to take SP2 if they expect to experience difficulty in taking classes given in Japanese, or if they have resided in a foreign country for an extended period of time. You cannot change your Study Plan after enrollment. See 'Two Study Plans' for the details. What kind of universities can I study abroad at? Waseda University has more than 800 partner institutions all over the world. Long-term Study Abroad programs offered by Center for International Education (CIE) are divided into three categories; 1. Exchange Programs (EX) 2. Customized Study Programs (CS) 3. Double Degree Programs (DD) In addition, only SILS students are eligible to apply for the following Study Abroad programs as well. -SILS Bilateral Study Abroad Programs -5BM Programme (Dual Degree Program) For further information, please refer to Study Abroad (via SILS) . How much are the fees for study abroad? Students in the Exchange Program, Double Degree Program, and SILS Bilateral Study Abroad Programs are generally exempted from paying tuition fees at their study abroad destinations. However, in addition to tuition fees at Waseda University, students will need about 1,000,000 yen to 2,000,000 yen per year for accommodation and living expenses. For the Customized Study Program, students will need about 1,000,000 yen to 8,000,000 yen per year for program fee (tuition fees at Waseda University are exempted). In addition to the program fees, students will need about 1,000,000 yen to 2,000,000 yen per year for accommodation and living expenses. For more details, please refer to Tuition (School) Fees for Study Abroad . Can I study abroad at a non-partner university of Waseda? Yes. In this case, however, it will be considered as privately financed studies abroad and the student will be required to handle all the necessary procedures by themselves. No support will be given by Waseda University. Also, in comparison to the Study Abroad Programs provided by Waseda University, there may be a large difference in school fees and the number of credits that will be counted for graduation. You will also be required to pay fees for credit transfer. What are the arrangements for accommodation during the period of studying abroad? Most students will settle into the accommodation provided by the host university. Many universities have student dormitories within the campus that Waseda students can stay at. Some host universities may also have home stay programs. Students can choose to rent apartments near the school too. Will the start of study abroad program differ by the institution/country/region? Overseas universities begin their semester at different timings, depending on the country. However, in most countries, the new term begins from the end of August to September. As such, most students leave for study abroad after completing their spring semester of the second year at SILS. Most September enrollees study abroad during the third year. There are also programs that begin in April, so it is possible to leave for study abroad in the spring semester. Applicant Eligibility for AO Admissions Please refer to our Application Guide for more details. I transferred from a foreign high school to a Japanese high school when returning to Japan. Which admission category am I eligible for? Returnees who have graduated / are expected to graduate from a Japanese high school can apply for AO April Entry (Domestic) and AO September Entry. If I graduated / am expected to graduate from secondary schools based on the education system outside of Japan (including ethnic and international schools in Japan), which admission can I apply for? You may be eligible to apply for AO April Entry (Overseas) and for AO September Entry. Is there a transfer admission system to SILS? SILS does not accept transfer students from other universities. However, SILS accepts internal transfer applications from other undergraduate schools of Waseda for second year entry. Please refer to Change of School Entry . Are there a minimum high school GPA, standardized test score or English Proficiency Test score to apply for SILS? There is no minimum high school GPA, standardized test score or English Proficiency Test score to apply for SILS. For your reference, the average standardized test scores of successful applicants and English proficiency test scores of competitive applicants from past admissions cycles can be found on Data . Can I apply for other universities/colleges/educational institutions while applying for SILS? Yes. You may apply for other programs at the same time as long as the other universities/colleges/educational institutions do not set any restrictions. Application Document for AO April Entry (Overseas) and AO September Entry Do I need to submit a recommendation letter? No. Even if submitted, it will not be taken into consideration in the assessment. Does SILS accept compound scores of SAT or ACT results? No. Only scores obtained on the same testing date will be considered. If you have scores from multiple testing dates, please choose the score you wish to use on application. Can I arrange to have my SAT/ACT/IBDP Final Grades/TOEFL-iBT/IELTS (Academic) score directly sent from the testing organization, even before the application period? Yes. However, for TOEFL-iBT and IELTS (Academic), please make sure that it was taken on or after the designated date specified in the Application Guide . By what date should I take SAT/ACT/TOEFL-iBT/IELTS (Academic)? There is no specific date requirement as long as your test scores are received by the application deadline. If you want to know how long it takes for your scores to be delivered, please contact the testing organization directly. However, for TOEFL-iBT and IELTS (Academic), please make sure that it was taken on or after the designated date specified in the Application Guide . NOTE: From September 2027 Admission, a new requirement regarding the validity period of standardized test scores will be implemented. Refer to the notice for the details. For Applicants 受験生の方へ Why SILS ? Admissions Guide Data Tuition, Dormitories, and Scholarships Career Path FAQ Voices Information for Incoming Students My Waseda Access JP EN School of International Liberal Studies Waseda University JP EN News About the School From the Dean History School Overview Curriculum The Faculty Faculty Recruitment Research Activities For Applicants Why SILS ? Admissions Guide Data Tuition, Dormitories, and Scholarships Career Path FAQ Voices Information for Incoming Students For Current Students Academic Calendar Guidebook for Students Class Course Registration and Teacher's License Grades, Credits and Graduation Tuition and Fees, Scholarships and Dormitories Study Abroad 5BM Student ID Card, Changes in Registered Information Leave of Absence / Return to the School / Withdrawal / Readmission Request a Certificate Career Support/Global Network Center Student Life Consultation Service Spaces for self-study Facilities FAQ For Alumni One-Year Program/Double Degree Program to Waseda General Information Features and Curriculum Course Information and Registration Grades Certificates and Transcripts Admissions Campus Life SILS Office Faculty Recruitment Faculty of International Research and Education Graduate School of Asia-Pacific Studies Research Center of Asia-Pacific Studies Graduate School of Japanese Applied Linguistics Graduate School of International Culture and Communication Studies Contact LINE Account 150th Anniversary Access School of International Liberal Studies, Waseda University Campus list Donation Databases Syllabus Search Researcher Database Waseda University Repository Seeds Database Waseda E-Resource Portal Cultural Resource Database Academic Listings Contact Us Campus Access Emergency Notice Accessibility & Copyright Sitemap Privacy Policy MyWaseda Social Media Employment Integrated Reports, Annual Plans, Annual Reports Equality, Diversity & Inclusion Announcements September 4, 2026 Autumn 2026 Graduation and Entrance Ceremonies July 7, 2026 Schedule for the Autumn 2026 Entrance Ceremony July 7, 2026 Schedule for the Autumn 2026 Graduation Ceremony April 20, 2026 Emergency Notification Drill from Waseda University December 19, 2025 Regarding the Results of the "Universities for International Research Excellence" Selection Process © 2026 Waseda University