╙ Donation ╢  Access International Admissions Office, Waseda University Campus list ╢ ╠ Databases Syllabus Search ╢ Researcher Database ╢ Waseda University Repository ╢ Seeds Database ╢ Waseda E-Resource Portal ╢ Cultural Resource Database ╢ ╡ Search This site ╢ All Search by Subject ╢ ╟ Language Japanese English LINE Account ╢ 150th Anniversary ╢ MyWaseda ╢ Contact Site Map Quick Link ○  International Admissions Office Waseda University News Undergraduate Programs  Japanese-based Undergraduate Program English-based Undergraduate Program Notice of Change in Admission FAQ Graduate Programs  Japanese-based Graduate Programs English-based Graduate Programs Special Scholarship Programs  The Special Admission for Postgraduate Study Abroad Program by China Scholarship Council Waseda University - The Custodian of The Two Holy Mosques' External Scholarship Program / Special Scholarship through Saudi Arabia Student Support and Living Information  Tuition and Visa Scholarship ╢ Residences and Dormitories ╢ Career Support ╢ Reasonable Accommodation  Undergraduate Programs English-based Undergraduate Pr... Undergraduate Programs Japanese-based Undergraduate Program English-based Undergraduate Program Notice of Change in Admission FAQ English-based Undergraduate Programs Program Information  Application Information  Student Life Support  FAQ and Contact  English-based Undergraduate Programs Waseda University offers English-based degree programs at six undergraduate schools. We accept various types of standardized test scores (SAT, ACT, IB, A-Level, GAOKAO, GSAT, CSAT, HKDSE, AISSCE, O-NET, Baccalaureat, Abitur, Provincial Exams of Canada, etc) Required documents are different depending on the school an applicant will apply to and his/her educational background. For detailed information, refer to the List of Application Documents by Education System . Japanese language ability is not required for application. In order to understand what can be studied at each school, refer to The Offered Courses and Mock Lectures . The Waseda e-brochure can be found from here . Program Information School Name Enrollment Major/Program School of Political Science and Economics September 1. Political Science 2. Economics 3. Global Political Economy School of Social Sciences September Transnational and Interdisciplinary Studies in Social Innovation Program (TAISI) School of International Liberal Studies (SILS) September/ April International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society September*1/ April*2 Transcultural Studies Global Studies in Japanese Cultures Program (JCulP) School of Fundamental Science and Engineering September 1. Mathematical Sciences 2. Computer Science and Communications Engineering School of Creative Science and Engineering September 1. Mechanical Engineering 2. Civil and Environmental Engineering *1 Students who graduate from high schools that follow the education system other than Japan's *2 Students who graduate from high schools that follow the Japanese education system *For details of the applicant qualifications, please refer to the Application Guide. Introduction Movies Why WASEDA? School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Science School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Tuition and Scholarships Tuition and Scholarships Tuition For tuition and fees, please refer to the following PDF. Tuition Tuition payments are made semi-annually (twice a year). For first year undergraduate students, admission fee and the tuition for the first semester must be paid at the time of enrollment procedure. For further details, please check the guidelines for enrollment procedure which will be distributed to the successful applicants. Scholarships ◆ Pre-enrollment (reserved) Scholarships Waseda University offers pre-enrollment scholarships, which are merit-based, to successful applicants who meet the conditions for the specific scholarships. We will contact you individually if you have been selected to receive a scholarship offer. ◆ After-enrollment Scholarships In addition, there are numerous opportunities for students at Waseda University to apply for after-enrollment scholarships and approximately one in four of our international students are receiving scholarships. You may also wish to seek for scholarships which are provided by private institutions. Please refer to the following website for further information. https://www.waseda.jp/inst/cie/en/life/aid ◆ Scholarships before coming to Japan If you wish to apply for scholarships before you come to Japan, you need to search for information by yourself. For your information, please refer to the link below to find a guidebook for international students provided by Japan Student Services Organization. Some scholarship foundations accept application from overseas. http://www.jasso.go.jp/en/study_j/sgtj.html Note Please note that all the scholarships have screening, which means that you may not be able to receive any scholarships as a result of screening. As the scholarships for international students are quite competitive, we strongly advise you to have a firm financial plan before coming to Japan. Full-coverage scholarship by JASSO is offered only for graduate students. FAQ 1. What types of scholarships are available? For international students, there are about 20+ types of scholarships provided by Waseda University and about 100+ types provided by external organizations. Eligibility, amount, duration, and other conditions vary by type. All Waseda-funded scholarships are outright grants rather than loans. The following is a list of major scholarships designated for privately financed international students. Tuition and Aid - Center for International Education,Waseda University * Scholarships available are subject to change each year. If you are a student of foreign nationality whose residence status is "Permanent resident," "Long-term resident" or "Spouse or child of Japanese national (permanent resident)," please apply for the same scholarships as Japanese students. See here for details. 2. Are there any fully funded scholarships? All scholarships offered at Waseda University are partial. 3. Can I apply for scholarships before enrollment? Waseda University offers pre-enrollment scholarships for undergraduate programs, which are merit-based in principle. No additional application for scholarships is required for these pre-enrollment scholarships, as we will offer them to successful applicants who show high academic caliber based on the admission results. 4. How do I apply for scholarships after enrollment? Each scholarship's announcement and selection will be conducted through the school/graduate school office in one of the following ways. A. Scholarship announcements are posted on the school/graduate school bulletin board. Please follow eligibility and application procedures as indicated. B. The school/graduate school office will have the applicants register for the scholarship for international students. The office will select the students who are worthy of the scholarship from the registered applicants. C. After selection of suitable candidates for an organization's application requirements, the school/graduate school office will notify students directly. 5. Can I apply for a MEXT Scholarship? Full-coverage MEXT scholarship is available if you're seeking graduate level of study. If you need more information about MEXT scholarship, ask for details to Embassy or Consulate of Japan in your country. 6. I am a foreign national with a resident status of "permanent resident", can I apply for a scholarship? If you are a student of foreign nationality whose residence status is "Permanent resident," "Long-term resident" or "Spouse or child of Japanese national (permanent resident)," please apply for the same scholarships as Japanese students. See here for details. Student Dormitories Student Dormitories Dormitories Directly managed by Waseda University The following two dormitories are provided as student dormitories run directly by the University. Applications are made online during a predetermined period before entrance to the University and are available only to students who have been admitted to the University. There is a selection process in which the University determines students who will be admitted to these directly managed dormitories. In addition, the period of residence is set to one and a half or two years depending on the time of entering the University. For details on how to apply, please refer to the Waseda Dormitory Desk, Student Affairs Section website and digital brochure provided below. Waseda International Student House (WISH) ( only for students who plan to enter the undergraduate school ; separate floors for male and female students) Capacity for 872 people; private rooms; monthly dormitory fee: 53,000 yen (set at around 50% of the Tokyo market) Located in Nakano Ward, Tokyo (a good location that is a 9-minute direct train ride to Waseda Campus and a 4-minute direct train ride to Shinjuku Station) The dormitory has its own educational program: Social Intelligence (SI) Programs , offering a wide variety of exchange events and training opportunities in Japan and overseas to those who wish to participate. (Resident's Voice ) Higashi-Fushimi Student Dormitory (undergraduate and graduate students, male floors only) Capacity for 40 people; Single rooms (monthly dormitory fee: 20,000 yen) and twin rooms (monthly dormitory fee: 10,000 yen) are available, and it is located in Nishitokyo, Tokyo (a location very close to Waseda University's Higashi-Fushimi Campus, and at an intermediate point between Waseda Campus and Tokorozawa Campus with access to both). Waseda University Affiliated Dormitories/Recommended Dormitories Waseda University has partnered with proven private companies and student dormitories run by NPOs to ensure safe housing for students, introducing various student dormitories as "Waseda University Affiliated Student Dormitories/Recommended Student Dormitories." The basic characteristics common to the Affiliated Dormitories/Recommended Dormitories are the peace of mind that comes with either residents being limited to Waseda University students, or the majority of them being Waseda University students, and the availability of tenancy contracts to international students who do not have a Japanese citizenship. Location, room grade, and dormitory fees vary from dormitory to dormitory. If you would like to consider options other than the directly managed dormitories, please refer to the information about Affiliated Dormitories/Recommended Dormitories on the website/digital brochure. Application, selection, and contract method After you are admitted to Waseda University, please apply online before starting school and during the predetermined application period. Please refer to the Waseda University Dormitory Desk, Student Affairs Section website for details. If you have any questions, please refer to FAQ and contact the Dormitory Desk, Student Affairs Section. About the application Digital brochure Career Many of our alumni have pursued a career on the world stage. Some have continued their research in graduate schools around the world, while others have gone on to work in Japanese or multinational companies. Waseda University Career Center is available to support our students. Career paths of students in English-based Undergraduate Programs can be found below. Career Path Information- International Students (Career Center website) Career Path (Brochure) How to Apply to WASEDA 1. Choose Your Program listed above 2. Check the Requirements and Schedules from the Application Guide 3. Create Application Form through the Online Application System 4. Submit Application Documents by the Deadline 5. Screening Result Announcements 6. Registration Fee Payment by the Deadline Application Period Application Period for 2026 September Entry 10:00 AM, Jan 8 , 2026 ～ 5:00 PM, Feb 10, 2026 (JST) As the online application system will close at 5:00 PM on Feb. 10, 2026 automatically, please be sure to complete the application process by closing time. We cannot accept any application after the deadline with any reason. Statistics Data You can see the past statistics, such as the number of applicants and the average standardized test scores of successful applicants. Statistics Data of English-based Undergraduate Programs Average Scores of Successful Applicants (SAT, ACT, IB) School Name SAT ACT (Composite) IB Diploma Program (including predicted grades) School of Political Science and Economics 1490.8 34.2 38.9/42 School of Social Sciences 1432 32.0 36.8/42 School of International Liberal Studies (SILS) 1452 33.2 37.5/42 School of Culture, Media and Society 1415 36.0 36.4/42 School of Fundamental Science and Engineering / School of Creative Science and Engineering 1499.3 32.6 37.7/42 Form for Review of Individual Eligibility If you have some doubt for your eligibility, please contact the International admissions office before submitting the form for individual eligibility via E-mail.  Form for Review of Individual Eligibility ╜ FAQ and Contact FAQ and contact information are listed here. Admission information, such as the applicant eligibility, application documents, screening methods and schedule etc. is described on the application guidelines. Guidelines and designated forms for application are provided on the website of each School. If you do not find the information you need or your question is not answered in the FAQ page, send the inquiry to the designated contact information. In the inquiry, be sure to include the information on the school and the application category you will apply, your educational background (your high school, curriculum). School FAQ Contact School of Political Science and Economics FAQ Inquiry Form School of Social Sciences FAQ Inquiry Form School of International Liberal Studies (SILS) FAQ Inquiry Form School of Culture, Media and Society FAQ Inquiry Form School of Fundamental Science and Engineering FAQ Inquiry Form School of Creative Science and Engineering FAQ Inquiry Form Join WASEDA's SNS! Instagram Waseda University(@waseda_university) • Instagram Twitter Waseda University (@waseda_univ) / Twitter Facebook Waseda University -| Facebook Page Top  International Admissions Office, Waseda University Japanese English www.waseda.jp/inst/admission Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Special Scholarship Programs Student Support and Living Information Contact Visiting Information Site Map Other sites Sorry! The Waseda University official website <<https://www.waseda.jp/inst/admission/en/>> doesn't support your system. Please update to the newest version of your browser and try again. Continue  Suporrted Browser Google Chrome Windows version 38 later Macintosh version38 later WebSite Fire Fox Windows version 33 later Macintosh version 33 later WebSite Safari Windows version 38 later Macintosh version38 later WebSite Internet Explorler Windows version 10 later WebSite