List of Application Documents by Education System for English-based Undergraduate Programs Last updated: September 1, 2026 2027 September Admission 1 High School Graduation Equivalency Examination High School Graduation Equivalency Examination China ChinaAsia Hong Kong Hong Kong India (CBSE) India (CBSE) Indonesia Indonesia Japan Japan Malaysia (Form6) Malaysia (Form6) Malaysia (UCSCAM) Malaysia (UCSCAM) Philippines Philippines Singapore (Junior College) Singapore (Junior College) Singapore (Others) Singapore (Others) Taiwan Taiwan Thailand Thailand Vietnam Vietnam Canada CanadaNorth America USA USA France France Germany Germany UK (GCE A-level, International A-level) UK (GCE A-level, International A-level) Australia Australia New Zealand New Zealand EJU (Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students) EJU (Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students) Europe Oceania Republic of Korea Republic of Korea Index Common Rules Notes on Application Common Rules & Notes on ApplicationBasics IBDP (International Baccalaureate) IBDP (International Baccalaureate) SAT SAT ACT ACT Others Programs Quotas Programs & Quotas India (Others) India (Others) India (CISCE) India (CISCE) 2 Revision History Back to Index Back to Index Date of Revision Page What was revised September 1, 2026 n/a (original version) 3 Programs & Quotas Back to Index Back to Index School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Major/Program ・Political Science ・Economics ・Global Political Economy Transnational and Interdisciplinary studies in Social Innovation Program (TAISI) International Liberal Studies Global Studies in Japanese Cultures Program (JCulP) ・Mathematical Sciences ・Computer Science and Communications Engineering ・Mechanical Engineering ・Civil and Environmental Engineering Degree ・Bachelor of Arts in Political Science ・Bachelor of Arts in Economics ・Bachelor of Arts in Global Political Economy Bachelor of Arts in Social Sciences Bachelor of Arts in International Liberal Studies Bachelor of Arts in Literature ・Bachelor of Science ・Bachelor of Engineering Quota September Admission: 100 September Admission: 60 September Admission: 150 April Admission: 100 September Admission: 15 September Admission: School of Fundamental Science and Engineering: 30 ・Mathematical Sciences ・Computer Science and Communications Engineering School of Creative Science and Engineering: 30 ・Mechanical Engineering ・Civil and Environmental Engineering 4 School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Common Rules Notes on Standardized Tests 1. Submit the test results of SAT or ACT if you fall under the following categories; - the results of your country's/region's standardized test will be released after the deadline - there is no national standardized test in your country/region - your education system is not listed, or you are not sure which category your case falls into 2. Your examination subjects must include MATHEMATICS. If you have not taken mathematics in the standardized tests held in your own country or if mathematics is not offered as an examination subject in your country's standardized tests, take SAT or ACT. 3. If you have any issues completing the standardized tests due to unavoidable circumstances, please contact the School before the application period. • Your application will be screened without any standardized test (or you may submit the test results of SAT or ACT) if you fall under the following categories; - the results of your country's/region's standardized test will be released after the deadline - there is no national standardized test in your country/region • Submit the test results of SAT or ACT if you fall under the following categories; - the results of your country's/region's standardized test will be released after the deadline - there is no national standardized test in your country/region • Submit the test results of SAT or ACT if you fall under the following categories; - the results of your country's/region's standardized test will be released after the deadline - there is no national standardized test in your country/region 1. Submit the test results of ACT . if you fall under the following categories; - the results of your country's/region's standardized test will be released after the deadline - there is no national standardized test in your country/region - your education system is not listed, or you are not sure which category your case falls into 2. Your examination subjects must include MATHEMATICS, PHYSICS, and CHEMISTRY. If you have not taken any subjects (MATHEMATICS, PHYSICS, or CHEMISTRY) in the standardized tests held in your own country, or if these subjects are not offered as an examination subject in your country's standardized tests, take the ACT Test. If you have taken biology as a subject in your standardized tests, please submit the result for our reference. Grace Period • Singapore-Cambridge GCE final results • Taiwan GSAT (學科能力測驗) • Singapore-Cambridge GCE final results • Taiwan GSAT (學科能力測驗) • Others * • Singapore-Cambridge GCE final results • Taiwan GSAT (學科能力測驗) • Others * • Singapore-Cambridge GCE final results • Taiwan GSAT (學科能力測驗) • Others * • Singapore-Cambridge GCE final results • Taiwan GSAT (學科能力測驗) Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test • TOEFL iBT • IELTS Academic/ IELTS for UKVI Academic Exemption: The submission of English proficiency test scores is exempted only (1) applicants whose first language is English and/ or (2) applicants who will have studied full-time at least three of the most recent four years, by the time of enrollment at Waseda University, in a high school, college, or university where the sole language of instruction is English except for foreign language classes. If you have any issues completing the English Language Proficiency Test due to unavoidable circumstances, please contact the School before the application period. • TOEFL iBT • IELTS Academic/ IELTS for UKVI Academic • TOEFL iBT • IELTS Academic/ IELTS for UKVI Academic Exemption: The submission of English proficiency test scores will be exempted (or optional) only for applicants who will have studied full-time at least three of the most recent four years, by the time of enrollment at Waseda University, in a high school, college, or university where the sole language of instruction is English except for foreign language classes. For details, please refer to the Application Guide. • TOEFL iBT • IELTS Academic/ IELTS for UKVI Academic • Cambridge English Qualification • TEAP • Eiken • GTEC CBT • TOEFL iBT • IELTS Academic/ IELTS for UKVI Academic • TOEIC L&R You will upload PDF versions of the original/certified documents and certificates to follow our online application process. Refer to the application guide fo r further details. • Score certificate(s) for the following tests must be sent directly from the testing institutions: SAT, ACT, IBDP Final Grades, TOEFL iBT and IELTS Academic. Since all Waseda University's undergraduate programs have access to test scores sent through the designated method, you are not required to order scores for each program if you are applying to multiple Waseda University undergraduate programs at the same time. • Certificates issued in English are accepted. If they are originally issued in any other language, attach an English translation to the original. The translation must be prepared either by the issuing institution (e.g., your high school), a translation agency, or other appropriate offices officially approved by the government. Notarization of the translation is not required. • If the final grades of a standardized test are available at the time of application, predicted grades will not be accepted. Please submit the final grades. Back to Index Back to Index [September 2027] Common Rules & Notes on Application 5 Waseda University will accept scores until 5pm March 8, 2027 (JST) only for standardized tests that are conducted only once a year AND the results will be released after the deadline. Ac ceptable tests are shown below. To submit your standardized test score which meets these conditions, please upload the scanned score certificate via the desi gnated form below: https://wasedaunivcampus.au1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_1XDB2s2SyNTLyXs Exemption: If you submit a standardized test administered for an educational system where the first language is English, such as SAT, ACT, GCE Alevel, or IB entirely taught in English etc., it is optional for you to submit English Language Proficiency Test Score. Refer to the exemption rules listed on the "English Language Proficiency Test" section on each slide for details. * For "Others", prior to submission, you need to request the School(s) to which you are applying whether or not the Grace Period is applicable to your standardized test score. Note that SAT, ACT, IBDP, A -level etc. are not applicable. Exemption: If you submit a standardized test administered for an educational system where the first language is English, such as SAT, ACT, GCE A-level, or IB entirely taught in English etc., it is optional for you to submit English Language Proficiency Test Score. Refer to the exemption rules listed on the " English Language Proficiency Test" section on each slide for details. School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Final/Predicted grades of IBDP * Must include Mathematics. Both Standard Level (SL) and Higher Level (HL) subjects are accepted. * At least six subjects, three or more Higher Level (HL) subjects * You must be in the Diploma Program (your results will not be accepted if you are in the Certificate Program) * Your final test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by IBO. Use the Waseda University code: 00549 Final/Predicted grades of IBDP * At least six subjects, three or more Higher Level (HL) subjects * You must be in the Diploma Program (your results will not be accepted if you are in the Certificate Program) * Your final test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by IBO. Use the Waseda University code: 00549 Final/Predicted grades of IBDP * At least six subjects, three or more Higher Level (HL) subjects * You must be in the Diploma Program (your results will not be accepted if you are in the Certificate Program) * Your final test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by IBO. Use the Waseda University code: 00549 Final/Predicted grades of IBDP * At least six subjects, three or more Higher Level (HL) subjects * You must be in the Diploma Program (your results will not be accepted if you are in the Certificate Program) * Your final test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by IBO. Use the Waseda University code: 00549 Final/Predicted grades of IBDP * Must include Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. Both Standard Level (SL) and Higher Level (HL) subjects are accepted. * At least six subjects, three or more Higher Level (HL) subjects * You must be in the Diploma Program (your results will not be accepted if you are in the Certificate Program) * Your final test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by IBO. Use the Waseda University code: 00549 English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: IBDP taught entirely in English Required : IBDP taught in French, Spanish, or Japanese, or DLDP(Dual Language Diploma Programme) See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: IBDP taught entirely in English Required : IBDP taught in French, Spanish, or Japanese, DLDP(Dual Language Diploma Programme) Exempted: IBDP taught entirely in English Required : IBDP taught in French, Spanish, or Japanese, DLDP(Dual Language Diploma Programme), or bilingual diploma IBDP (International Baccalaureate) Back to Index Back to Index 6 Since all Waseda University's undergraduate programs have access to the scores sent from IBO with the above code, you are notrequired to order scores for each program if you are applying to multiple Waseda University undergraduate programs at the same time. School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Results of the SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted. Results of the SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted. Results of the SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted. Results of the SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted.. Results of the SAT must be submitted along with AP exam scores. See page USA English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted SAT Back to Index Back to Index 7 Since all Waseda University's undergraduate programs have access to the scores sent from College Board with the above code, you are not required to order scores for each program if you are applying to multiple Waseda University undergraduate programs at the same time. School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Results of the ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. Results of the ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. Results of the ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. Results of the ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. Results of the ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Must include Science. * Writing is not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted ACT Back to Index Back to Index 8 Since all Waseda University's undergraduate programs have access to the scores sent from ACT Inc. with the above code, you are not required to order scores for each program if you are applying to multiple Waseda University undergraduate programs at the same time. School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Gaokao results (National College Entrance Examination, 普通高等 学校招生全国统一考试) * Upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores" issued in English by CHSI (学信网) on TAO. Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and Verification QR code. Only report issued by CHSI (学信网) will be considered valid. * Must include Mathematics * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Gaokao results (National College Entrance Examination, 普通高等 学校招生全国统一考试) * Upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores" issued in English by CHSI (学信网) on TAO. Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and Verification QR code. Only report issued by CHSI (学信网) will be considered valid. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Gaokao results (National College Entrance Examination, 普通高等 学校招生全国统一考试) * Upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores" issued in English by CHSI (学信网) on TAO. Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and Verification QR code. Only report issued by CHSI (学信网) will be considered valid. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Gaokao results (National College Entrance Examination, 普通高等 学校招生全国统一考试) * Upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores" issued in English by CHSI (学信网) on TAO. Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and Verification QR code. Only report issued by CHSI (学信网) will be considered valid. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Gaokao results (National College Entrance Examination, 普通高等 学校招生全国统一考试) * Upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores" issued in English by CHSI (学信网) on TAO. Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and Verification QR code. Only report issued by CHSI (学信网) will be considered valid. * Must include English, Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: With SAT or ACT Required: Without SAT or ACT Exempted: With ACT Required: Without ACT ChinaAsia Back to Index Back to Index If you are studying or have studied at a high school in China, please let us know if you will sit/have sat for China High School Academic Proficiency Test (Huikao/会考) on TAO. If you have the results, upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China High School Academic Proficiency Test (Huikao) Results" issuedin English by CHSI (学信网). Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and verification QR code. Only report issued by CHSI will be considered valid. Huikao results are used only for the purpose of reviewing applicants' eligibility. Note that documents issued by CHSI (学信网) may take up to one month to be issued after application. If you will sit/have sat for the test, you will be asked to send English version of "Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (中国中等教育学历验证报告 issued in English)" (not the Huikao results) directly from CHSI (学信网) as a part of our enrollment procedures. 9 Huikao Requirement Hong KongAsia Back to Index Back to Index School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Final/Predicted results of the HKDSE * Must include 4 Core Subjects and at least 2 Elective Subjects (Category A, B, or C). Final/Predicted results of the HKDSE * Must include 4 Core Subjects and at least 2 Elective Subjects (Category A, B, or C). Final/Predicted results of the HKDSE * Must include 4 Core Subjects and at least 2 Elective Subjects (Category A, B, or C). Final/Predicted results of the HKDSE * Must include 4 Core Subjects and at least 2 Elective Subjects (Category A, B, or C). Submit ACT English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required Exempted 10 School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of AISSE/SSE (Grade X) 2. Academic Transcript for Grade XI 3. Certificate of the results of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of AISSE/SSE (Grade X) 2. Academic Transcript for Grade XI 3. Certificate of the results of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of AISSE/SSE (Grade X) 2. Academic Transcript for Grade XI 3. Certificate of the results of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of AISSE/SSE (Grade X) 2. Academic Transcript for Grade XI 3. Certificate of the results of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of AISSE/SSE (Grade X) 2. Academic Transcript for Grade XI 3. Certificate of the results of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. Results of Standardized Test Final/Predicted score of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII） (Statement of Marks) * Must include Mathematics. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. * Pre-Board Results are not accepted. Final/Predicted score of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII） (Statement of Marks) * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. * Pre-Board Results are not accepted. Final/Predicted score of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII） (Statement of Marks) * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. * Pre-Board Results are not accepted. Final/Predicted score of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII） (Statement of Marks) * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. * Pre-Board Results are not accepted. Final/Predicted score of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII） (Statement of Marks) * Must include Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. * Pre-Board Results are not accepted. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the final/predicted score of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII）conducted entirely in English Required: Other than the above See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the final/predicted score of AISSCE/SSCE (Grade XII）conducted entirely in English, or SAT or ACT. Required: Other than the above Exempted: With ACT or CBSE curriculum taught entirely in English Required: CBSE curriculum taught not entirely in English India (CBSE) Back to Index Back to Index 11 Asia India (CISCE) School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of ICSE (Year-10) 2. Academic Transcript for a period of one year of Year 11 3. Certificate of the result of ISC (Year- 12) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of ICSE (Year-10) 2. Academic Transcript for a period of one year of Year 11 3. Certificate of the result of ISC (Year- 12) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of ICSE (Year-10) 2. Academic Transcript for a period of one year of Year 11 3. Certificate of the result of ISC (Year- 12) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of ICSE (Year-10) 2. Academic Transcript for a period of one year of Year 11 3. Certificate of the result of ISC (Year- 12) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. All of 1, 2 and 3 1. Certificate of the results of ICSE (Year-10) 2. Academic Transcript for a period of one year of Year 11 3. Certificate of the result of ISC (Year- 12) * If you are a high school or secondary school student at the time of application, submit 1, 2, and the transcript for the most recent academic term. Results of Standardized Test Final/Predicted score of ISC (Year-12) * Must include Mathematics. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Final/Predicted score of ISC (Year-12) * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Final/Predicted score of ISC (Year-12) * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Final/Predicted score of ISC (Year-12) * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Final/Predicted score of ISC (Year-12) * Must include Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the final/predicted score of ISC conducted entirely in English Required: Other than the above See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the final/predicted score of ISC conducted entirely in English, or SAT or ACT. Required: Other than the above Exempted: With ACT or ISC curriculum taught entirely in English Required: ISC curriculum taught not entirely in English 12 Asia Back to Index Back to Index School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have the results of the SSC (Secondary School Certificate) Year 10, submit the test results as well. * If you have the results of the HSC (Higher Secondary Certificate) recognized by the States Board, submit the test results as well. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have the results of the SSC (Secondary School Certificate) Year 10, submit the test results as well. * If you have the results of the HSC (Higher Secondary Certificate) recognized by the States Board, submit the test results as well. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have the results of the SSC (Secondary School Certificate) Year 10, submit the test results as well. * If you have the results of the HSC (Higher Secondary Certificate) recognized by the States Board, submit the test results as well. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have the results of the SSC (Secondary School Certificate) Year 10, submit the test results as well. * If you have the results of the HSC (Higher Secondary Certificate) recognized by the States Board, submit the test results as well. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have the results of the SSC (Secondary School Certificate) Year 10, submit the test results as well. * If you have the results of the HSC (Higher Secondary Certificate) recognized by the States Board, submit the test results as well. Results of Standardized Test Certificate of the results of HSC (Year-12) Examination * Must include Mathematics. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT Certificate of the results of HSC (Year-12) Examination * If you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Certificate of the results of HSC (Year-12) Examination * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT Certificate of the results of HSC (Year-12) Examination * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT Certificate of the results of HSC (Year-12) Examination * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. * HSC (Higher Secondary School Certificate) : Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry must be included in the exam subjects English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the results of HSC conducted entirely in English Required: Other than the above See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the results of HSC conducted entirely in English, or SAT or ACT Required: Other than the above Exempted: With ACT or HSC curriculum taught entirely in English Required: HSC curriculum taught not entirely in English India (Others)Asia 13 Back to Index Back to Index School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test <Applicants graduating from high school in 2020 onwards> Submit SAT or ACT Test scores <Applicants graduated from high school in 2019 or before> Ujian Nasional (UN) results *Must include Mathematics. <Applicants graduating from high school in 2020 onwards> Your application will be screened without any standardized test score. <Applicants graduated from high school in 2019 or before> Ujian Nasional (UN) results <Applicants graduating from high school in 2020 onwards> Submit SAT or ACT Test scores <Applicants graduated from high school in 2019 or before> Ujian Nasional (UN) results <Applicants graduating from high school in 2020 onwards> Submit SAT or ACT Test scores <Applicants graduated from high school in 2019 or before> Ujian Nasional (UN) results <Applicants graduating from high school in 2020 onwards> Submit ACT. <Applicants graduated from high school in 2019 or before> Ujian Nasional (UN) results *UN (-2016): Must include English, Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. *UN (2017-): Must include English, Mathematics, and Science. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: With SAT or ACT Required : Without SAT or ACT Exempted: With ACT Required : Without ACT Indonesia Back to Index Back to Index 14 Asia School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Submit SAT or ACT Test scores * National Center Test for University Admissions (大学入 学共通テストおよび大学入試セン ター試験) is not accepted. 大学入学共通テストまたは大学入 試センター試験 * 希望者に対して発行される英文 成績証明書の原本を提出するこ と。英文成績証明書の発行方法 は大学入試センターに問い合わせ ること。 * 出願時点で高校在学中の場合 は、共通テストの提出は不要。 大学入学共通テストまたは大学入試センター試験 * 希望者に対して発行される英文成績証明書の原本を 提出すること。英文成績証明書の発行方法は大学 入試センターに問い合わせること。 * 日本の高等学校を卒業した方：AO入学試験（4月 入学・国外選考） への出願資格はないので予め注 意すること。AO入学試験（4月入学・国内選考） およびAO入学試験（9月入学選考）への出願は可 能。ただし、IBDP等の課程を修める高校の卒業（見 込）者はこの限りではありませんので、対象者は当該 試験の欄をご確認ください。 * 出願時点で高校在学中の場合は、SATまたはACT を提出してください。 日本の教育制度による中等教育課 程（高校等）の修了（見込）者 は、日本学生入学試験に出願して ください。 日本の教育制度による中等教育課 程（高校等）の修了（見込）者 は、日本語学位プログラム（４月 入学）へ出願してください。 English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Japan Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Results of the CSAT * Must include Mathematics. Results of the CSAT (More than 3 subjects including Korean, Math, and English) Results of the CSAT (More than 3 subjects including Korean, Math, and English) [AO April (Overseas) Applicants] * If you (only) have the results of the PreCSAT (The College Scholastic Ability Test Simulation (대학수학능력시험 모의평가)) taken during Grade 12, submit a certificate of these results (More than 3 subjects including Korean, Math, and English) Results of the CSAT Results of the CSAT * Must include English, Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required Required Republic of Korea Back to Index Back to Index 15 Asia Asia School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Form 4 to Form 6 Academic transcript from Form 4 to Form 6 Academic transcript from Form 4 to Form 6 Academic transcript from Form 4 to Form 6 Academic transcript from Form 4 to Form 6 Results of Standardized Test Results of the STPM (The Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia) * Must include Mathematics. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Results of the STPM (The Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia) * If you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Results of the STPM (The Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia) * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Results of the STPM (The Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia) * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Results of the STPM (The Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia) * Must include English, Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: With SAT or ACT Required : Without SAT or ACT Exempted: With ACT Required : Without ACT Malaysia (Form 6) Back to Index Back to Index Malaysia (UCSCAM) Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Results of the UEC (MICSS Unified Examination Certificate) * Must include Mathematics. Results of the UEC (MICSS Unified Examination Certificate) Results of the UEC (MICSS Unified Examination Certificate) Results of the UEC (MICSS Unified Examination Certificate) Results of the UEC (MICSS Unified Examination Certificate) * Must include English, Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required Required 16 Asia Asia School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Submit SAT or ACT Your application will be screened without any standardized test score. Submit SAT or ACT Submit SAT or ACT Submit ACT English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted Philippines Back to Index Back to Index 17 Asia School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Junior College) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Junior College) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Junior College) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Junior College) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Junior College) up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Certificate of the SingaporeCambridge GCE final results * 3 or more A-Level H2 subjects * Must include Mathematics. * If you take the Singapore A-level test in 2026, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. Certificate of the SingaporeCambridge GCE final/predicted results * 3 or more A-Level H2 subjects * <First Round Applicants> If you take the Singapore A-level test in 2026, submit predicted results. * <Second Round Applicants> If you take the Singapore A-level test in 2026, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. Certificate of the SingaporeCambridge GCE final/predicted results * 3 or more A-Level H2 subjects * <Early Admission Applicants> If you take the Singapore A-level test in 2026, submit predicted results. * <Regular Admission Applicants> If you take the Singapore A-level test in 2026, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. Certificate of the SingaporeCambridge GCE final results * 3 or more A-Level H2 subjects * If you take the Singapore A-level test in 2026, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. Certificate of the SingaporeCambridge GCE final results * 3 or more A-Level H2 subjects * Must include Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry * If you take the Singapore A-level test in 2026, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted Singapore (Junior College) Academic Transcript Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Secondary 5 & 6 or Polytechnic) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Secondary 5 & 6 or Polytechnic) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Secondary 5 & 6 or Polytechnic) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Secondary 5 & 6 or Polytechnic) up to the most recent academic term Both 1 and 2 1. Academic Transcript (O-Level or Secondary 4) 2. Academic Transcript (Secondary 5 & 6 or Polytechnic) up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Submit SAT or ACT Your application will be screened without any standardized test. Submit SAT or ACT Submit SAT or ACT Submit ACT English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted Singapore (Others) Back to Index Back to Index 18 Asia Asia School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term 【Items that must be listed】 -各學期之平均成績 -學業成績之總平均 -總平均以及各科目的百分比 *If the academic transcript issued by your high school does not include ''總平均以及各科目的百 分比'', please submit ''學生個人 成績暨排名百分比對照表'' issued by your school with official seal. Certification offered by ''大學甄選入學委員會'' is not necessary. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term 【Items that must be listed】 -各學期之平均成績 -學業成績之總平均 -總平均以及各科目的百分比 *If the academic transcript issued by your high school does not include ''總平均以及各科目的百 分比'', please submit ''學生個人 成績暨排名百分比對照表'' issued by your school with official seal. Certification offered by ''大學甄選入學委員會'' is not necessary. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term 【Items that must be listed】 -各學期之平均成績 -學業成績之總平均 -總平均以及各科目的百分比 *If the academic transcript issued by your high school does not include ''總平均以及各科目的百 分比'', please submit ''學生個人 成績暨排名百分比對照表'' issued by your school with official seal. Certification offered by ''大學甄選入學委員會'' is not necessary. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term 【Items that must be listed】 -各學期之平均成績 -學業成績之總平均 -總平均以及各科目的百分比 *If the academic transcript issued by your high school does not include ''總平均以及各科目的百 分比'', please submit ''學生個人 成績暨排名百分比對照表'' issued by your school with official seal. Certification offered by ''大學甄選入學委員會'' is not necessary. Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term 【Items that must be listed】 -各學期之平均成績 -學業成績之總平均 -總平均以及各科目的百分比 *If the academic transcript issued by your high school does not include ''總平均以及各科目的百 分比'', please submit ''學生個人 成績暨排名百分比對照表'' issued by your school with official seal. Certification offered by ''大學甄選入學委員會'' is not necessary. Results of Standardized Test GSAT (學科能力測驗) * 4 or more subjects required. * Must include Math (either "Math A" or "Math B" is accepted), English, and Social Sciences as subjects. * If you take the GSAT in January 2027, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. GSAT (學科能力測驗) * 4 or more subjects required. * If you take the GSAT in January 2027, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. GSAT (學科能力測驗) * 4 or more subjects required. * If you take the GSAT in January 2027, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. GSAT (學科能力測驗) * 4 or more subjects required * If you take the GSAT in January 2027, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. GSAT (學科能力測驗) * 3 or more subjects required. * Must include Math (only "Math A" is accepted), English, and Natural Sciences as subjects. * If you take the GSAT in January 2027, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by the last date of Grace Period. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required Required Taiwan Back to Index Back to Index 19 Asia School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test <Applicants graduating from high school in 2022 onwards> Submit SAT or ACT. <Applicants graduated from high school in 2021 or before> One of the following; I. Results of the O-NET (Ordinary National Educational Testing) II. Results of the GAT and PAT *O-NET and PAT: must include Mathematics. <Applicants graduating from high school in 2022 onwards> Your application will be screened without any standardized test score. <Applicants graduated from high school in 2021 or before> One of the following; I. Results of the O-NET (Ordinary National Educational Testing) II. Results of the GAT and PAT <Applicants graduating from high school in 2022 onwards> Submit SAT or ACT. <Applicants graduated from high school in 2021 or before> One of the following; I. Results of the O-NET (Ordinary National Educational Testing) II. Results of the GAT and PAT <Applicants graduating from high school in 2022 onwards> Submit SAT or ACT. <Applicants graduated from high school in 2021 or before> One of the following; I. Results of the O-NET (Ordinary National Educational Testing) II. Results of the GAT and PAT <Applicants graduating from high school in 2022 Onwards> Submit ACT. <Applicants graduated from high school in 2021 or before> One of the following; I. Results of the O-NET* (Ordinary National Educational Testing) II. Results of the GAT and PAT* *O-NET: English, Mathematics, and Science must be included in the exam subjects. *PAT: Mathematics, Science, and Engineering must be included in the exam subjects. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: With SAT or ACT Required : Without SAT or ACT Exempted: With ACT Required : Without ACT Thailand Back to Index Back to Index 20 Asia School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Either 1 or 2 1. Results of the National High School Graduation Examination 2. University Entrance Examination (UEE) *Must include Mathematics. *If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Either 1 or 2 1. Results of the National High School Graduation Examination 2. University Entrance Examination (UEE) *If you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Either 1 or 2 1. Results of the National High School Graduation Examination 2. University Entrance Examination (UEE) *If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Either 1 or 2 1. Results of the National High School Graduation Examination 2. University Entrance Examination (UEE) *If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Either 1 or 2 1. Results of the National High School Graduation Examination 2. University Entrance Examination (UEE) *Must include Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. *If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: With SAT or ACT Required : Without SAT or ACT Exempted: With ACT Required : Without ACT Vietnam Back to Index Back to Index 21 Asia CanadaNorth America . School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Submit SAT or ACT Submit SAT or ACT *If the applicant has completed a secondary educational curriculum where provincial standardized tests (subject-based) are held (e.g., Alberta), they may submit these results as a standardized test result. Submit SAT or ACT *If the applicant has completed a secondary educational curriculum where provincial standardized tests (subject-based) are held (e.g., Alberta), they may submit these results as a standardized test result. Submit SAT or ACT Submit ACT English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted 22 Back to Index Back to Index USA (1) School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have AP exam scores, they must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have AP exam scores, they must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have AP exam scores, they must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have AP exam scores, they must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 Results of Standardized Test Either one of the following 1 or 2 1. SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted. 2. ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. Either one of the following 1 or 2 1. SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted. 2. ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. Either one of the following 1 or 2 1. SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted. 2. ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. Either one of the following 1 or 2 1. SAT * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Digital SAT is accepted. 2. ACT * Your test results must be sent directly by ACT to Waseda University; Use the Waseda University code: 5473 * Only composite score of one exam is accepted. "Super Scoring" and "Section Retesting" are not accepted. * Writing and Science are not mandatory. * ACT Online Testing is accepted. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Back to Index Back to Index 23 North America USA (2) Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Either one of the following 1 or 2 1. ACT: See page ACT. * Must include Science. Writing is not mandatory. 2. "SAT + AP": Submit both SAT and AP results as below. *If you submit only the SAT, your chances of acceptance are slim to none English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Back to Index Back to Index <SAT> * Your test results must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board. Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * SAT Subjects Tests are not accepted. * "Super Scoring" is not accepted. * SAT Essay is not required regardless of the test date. * Old SAT taken before 2016 is not accepted. * Digital SAT is accepted. <FAQ> <AP> * Your scores must be sent directly to Waseda University by College Board; Use the Waseda University code: 0837 * AP predicted results are not accepted. * AP Must include Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry as follows.  Mathematics : Calculus AB or Calculus BC  Physics : Physics 1, Physics 2, Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism, or Physics C: Mechanics  Chemistry : Chemistry * For the AP Physics, each major has recommended courses to submit as follow. If you are unable to submit one or two of Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry, we recommend that you submit the ACT. * The following AP courses may also be submitted on an optional basis, though these courses are not regarded as Mathematics, Physics, or Chemistry subjects. Optional AP Courses  AP Computer Science A  AP Computer Science Principles  AP Statistics  AP Biology  AP Environmental Science (Legend) ✓: Recommended ○: Acceptable Recommended AP Physics Courses Major MS CSCE ME CE Physics 1: Algebra-Based ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Physics 2: Algebra-Based ✓ ✓ ✓ ○ Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism ✓ ✓ ○ ○ Physics C: Mechanics ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Q A 1 I have an SAT score, but I don't have any AP test score as I missed the AP test. Can I still apply? You can apply, but your chances of acceptance are slim to none due to lack of required subjects. We highly recommend to take ACT or the standardized test in your country/region where you live. In this case, we do not accept Evaluation Sheet. 2 I have AP scores, but don't have a SAT score. Can I apply only with AP scores? Same as above 3 I would like to apply for the Major in Mechanical Engineering. Regarding AP Physics courses, is it acceptable to submit Physics courses that are not recommended for the ME Major? It is acceptable. However, we highly recommend to submit the recommended courses for the Major of your choice. 4 I have multiple AP scores in the same subject area (e.g., AP Physics 1 and AP Physics 2). Which one should I submit? You can submit all scores for "Math and Computer Science" and "Sciences" you have earned. 5 Regarding AP scores, can I submit scores for "Math and Computer Science" or "Sciences" that are not designated as courses for Mathematics, Physics or Chemistry? You can submit the scores for the left shown "Optional AP Courses", but these courses does not be regarded as the required subjects. In addition, courses in the other subject areas (e.g., Music Theory in Arts) can not be acceptable. 6 Are SAT Subject scores acceptable? No. We do not accept SAT Subject scores. 7 Are AP predicted scores acceptable? No. We do not accept AP predicted scores. 8 I have a SAT score in addition to ACT. Can I submit both scores? Yes. You can submit both scores. 9 I also took the Writing of ACT. Can I submit it? Yes. We accept the ACT with the Writing portion, although the Writing score will not be considered in our screening procedures. 24 North America FranceEurope School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Final/Predicted results of the Baccalauréat * Must include Mathematics. * Include "Weighted total point" on the certificate. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Final/Predicted results of the Baccalauréat * Include "Weighted total point" on the certificate. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Final/Predicted results of the Baccalauréat * Include "Weighted total point" on the certificate. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Final/Predicted results of the Baccalauréat * Include "Weighted total point" on the certificate. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Final/Predicted results of the Baccalauréat * Must include English, Mathematics and PhysicsChemistry. * Include "Weighted total point" on the certificate. * If predicted scores are not available and you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: With SAT or ACT Required : Without SAT or ACT Exempted: With ACT Required : Without ACT Back to Index Back to Index 25 Germany School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Certificate of the Abitur results * Must include Mathematics. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Certificate of the Abitur results * If you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Certificate of the Abitur results * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Certificate of the Abitur results * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Certificate of the Abitur results * Must include English, Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit ACT. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: With SAT or ACT Required : Without SAT or ACT Exempted: With ACT Required : Without ACT Back to Index Back to Index 26 Europe UK (GCE A-level, International A-level) School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript * Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have results of the GCSE(IGCSE) or AS-level, submit them in addition to your academic transcript. * Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have results of the GCSE(IGCSE) or AS-level, submit them in addition to your academic transcript. * Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have results of the GCSE(IGCSE) or AS-level, submit them in addition to your academic transcript. * Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have results of the GCSE(IGCSE) or AS-level, submit them in addition to your academic transcript. * Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term * If you have results of the GCSE(IGCSE) or AS-level, submit them in addition to your academic transcript. Results of Standardized Test * Three or more A-level subjects. * Must include Mathematics. 1. Certificate of Final grades of the A-level * Must be issued by Examination Board. 2. Certificate of Predicted grades of the A-level * Must be issued by educational institutions which provides Alevel curriculum. * Use the designated format. In case your high school is unable to use the prescribed format, please make sure that your document includes Predicted Grade, Examination Board, Examination Series, Test Centre Code, and Subject Code. * Three or more A-level subjects. 1. Certificate of Final grades of the A-level * Must be issued by Examination Board. 2. Certificate of Predicted grades of the A-level * Must be issued by educational institutions which provides Alevel curriculum. * Use the designated format. In case your high school is unable to use the prescribed format, please make sure that your document includes Predicted Grade, Examination Board, Examination Series, Test Centre Code, and Subject Code. * Three or more A-level subjects. 1. Certificate of Final grades of the A-level * Must be issued by Examination Board. 2. Certificate of Predicted grades of the A-level * Must be issued by educational institutions which provides Alevel curriculum. * Use the designated format. In case your high school is unable to use the prescribed format, please make sure that your document includes Predicted Grade, Examination Board, Examination Series, Test Centre Code, and Subject Code. * Three or more A-level subjects. 1. Certificate of Final grades of the A-level * Must be issued by Examination Board. 2. Certificate of Predicted grades of the A-level * Must be issued by educational institutions which provides Alevel curriculum. * Use the designated format. In case your high school is unable to use the prescribed format, please make sure that your document includes Predicted Grade, Examination Board, Examination Series, Test Centre Code, and Subject Code. * Three or more A-level subjects. * Must include Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry. 1. Certificate of Final grades of the A-level * Must be issued by Examination Board. 2. Certificate of Predicted grades of the A-level * Must be issued by educational institutions which provides Alevel curriculum. * Use the designated format. In case your high school is unable to use the prescribed format, please make sure that your document includes Predicted Grade, Examination Board, Examination Series, Test Centre Code, and Subject Code. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted Back to Index Back to Index 27 Europe AustraliaOceania School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Both 1 and 2 1. ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank) or OP (Overall Position) 2.Certificate of Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (SSCE) Both 1 and 2 1. ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank) or OP (Overall Position) 2.Certificate of Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (SSCE) Both 1 and 2 1. ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank) or OP (Overall Position) 2.Certificate of Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (SSCE) [AO April (Overseas) Applicants] * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Both 1 and 2 1. ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank) or OP (Overall Position) 2.Certificate of Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (SSCE) Submit ACT English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the standardized test above. Required : Those who cannot submit the standardized test above. See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted Back to Index Back to Index 28 New Zealand School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Certificate of the National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3 results * Must include Mathematics. * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Certificate of the National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3 results * If you are a high school student at the time of application, your application will be screened without any standardized test. Certificate of the National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3 results * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. * If you take the NCEA in 2026 and intend to apply for Early Admission, submit the final results to the designated form (Click here) by January 24th. Certificate of the National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3 results * If you are a high school student at the time of application, submit SAT or ACT. Submit ACT English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted: Those who can submit the standardized test above. Required : Those who cannot submit the standardized test above. See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Exempted Exempted Back to Index Back to Index 29 Oceania EJU (Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students) School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Academic transcript from Grade 10 onwards, up to the most recent academic term Results of Standardized Test Certificate of the EJU results * You must take the EJU in English (the result of an exam taken in Japanese will not be accepted.) * Must include "Japan and the World" and "Mathematics Course 1" or "Mathematics Course 2." Certificate of the EJU results * You must take the EJU in English (the result of an exam taken in Japanese will not be accepted.) * Must include "Japan and the World" and "Mathematics Course 1" or "Mathematics Course 2." Certificate of the EJU results * You must take the EJU in English (the result of an exam taken in Japanese will not be accepted.) * Must include "Japan and the World" and "Mathematics Course 1" or "Mathematics Course 2." Certificate of the EJU results * You must take the EJU in English (the result of an exam taken in Japanese will not be accepted.) * Must include "Japan and the World" and "Mathematics Course 1" or "Mathematics Course 2." Submit ACT English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test Required Exempted Back to Index Back to Index 30 High School Graduation Equivalency Examination School of Political Science and Economics School of Social Sciences School of International Liberal Studies School of Culture, Media and Society Faculty of Science and Engineering Academic Transcript Pass certificate with grades * If you have been enrolled in high school in the past, submit an academic transcript for the entire period during which you were enrolled in high school. Pass certificate with grades * If you have been enrolled in high school in the past, submit an academic transcript for the entire period during which you were enrolled in high school. Pass certificate with grades * If you have been enrolled in high school in the past, submit an academic transcript for the entire period during which you were enrolled in high school. [AO April (Overseas) Applicants] * The high school equivalency examination given by MEXT is not accepted. Pass certificate with grades * If you have been enrolled in high school in the past, submit an academic transcript for the entire period during which you were enrolled in high school. * The high school equivalency examination given by MEXT is not accepted. Pass certificate with grades * If you have been enrolled in high school in the past, submit an academic transcript for the entire period during which you were enrolled in high school. * The high school equivalency examination given by MEXT is not accepted. Results of Standardized Test Certificate of results of any standardized tests shown in this list. Certificate of results of any standardized tests shown in this list. Certificate of results of any standardized tests shown in this list. Certificate of results of any standardized tests shown in this list. Certificate of results of any standardized tests shown in this list. English Language Proficiency Test See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test See "English Language Proficiency Test " section of the standardized test you submit See "Exemption" in Acceptable English Language Proficiency Test See "English Language Proficiency Test " section of the standardized test you submit See "English Language Proficiency Test " section of the standardized test you submit Back to Index Back to Index 31