 Please read this Guide, the "List of Application Documents by Education System," and the FAQs on our website thoroughly before making inquiries to our office.  Please make all inquiries via the designated online form in order for us to keep records of all communications with our applicants.  All dates and times stated in this Guide are in Japan Standard Time (JST). Application Guide for September 2027 Entry School of International Liberal Studies WASEDA UNIVERSITY version 1.0 School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS BEFORE THE APPLICATION PERIOD Step 1 Understand the Basic Admission Scheme ..................................................................................................... P.3 Step 2 Prepare the Necessary Documents .................................................................................................................. P.8 DURING THE APPLICATION PERIOD Step 3 Pay the Screening Fee .......................................................................................................................................... P.15 Step 4 Complete the Online Application .................................................................................................................... P.17 AFTER YOU APPL Y Step 5 Screening Procedures and Schedules ........................................................................................................... P.18 AFTER ACCEPTANCE Step 6 Complete the Enrollment Procedures .......................................................................................................... P.21 Step 7 Preparations for Enrollment (Scholarships, Dormitories, etc.) ........................................................... P.26 COMMON NOTES Notes on Application ............................................................................................................................................................... P.27 University Regulations ............................................................................................................................................................ P.27 Basic Policy Statements .......................................................................................................................................................... P.28 Revision History ........................................................................................................................................................................ P.29 School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 3 STEP 1 Understand the Basic Admission Scheme The School of International Liberal Studies (hereinafter referred to as "the School") at Waseda University welcomes applicants from all over the world and accepts various types of standardized tests. ADMISSION POLICY https://www.waseda.jp/fire/sils/en/about/overview/ DEGREE PROGRAM B.A. in International Liberal Studies ・ The School provides two education curriculums: "Study Plan 1 ( SP1)" and "Study Plan 2 (SP2)", depending on the student's language proficiency. You may select and apply for the curriculum suitable for you by referring to the table below and the descriptions on the following URL; https://www.waseda.jp/fire/sils/en/about/curriculum/ SP1 SP2 Definition Students whose first language is Japanese and who have no difficulty in taking classes in Japanese (with reading, speaking, listening and writing skills in native-level Japanese in academic context) Students whose first language is not Japanese. Those students whose first language is Japanese, however , may choose to take Study Plan 2 if they expect to experience difficulty in taking classes in Japanese, or if they have resided in a foreign country for an extended period of time. One-Year Study Abroad Mandatory Optional Major Differences in Curriculum -First Year Seminar A (conducted in Japanese) -Cannot take Japanese Language courses -Cannot take First Year Seminar A (conducted in Japanese) -Mandatory Japanese Language courses (exempted depending on level) ・ As a rule, classes are held in English. Whichever Study Plan you choose, the same courses are offered to both Study Plans except for the differences mentioned in the above table. ・ Your choice of Study Plan does not influence the admission decision. ・ The Study Plan you indicate might be changed as a result of the screening. Your Study Plan will be indicated on the online application system at the time of result announcement. ・ You CANNOT change your Study Plan after enrollment. LANGUAGE OF INSTRUCTION English * Japanese language ability is not required at the time of application. (First Year Seminar A for SP1 students will be conducted in Japanese.) TIME OF MATRICULATION Admitted students start in September as first year students of a four-year program. * The School does not admit transfer students. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 4 NUMBER OF STUDENTS TO BE ADMITTED Approximately 150 students (Early Decision: approx. 70) * There is no quota or target for international students of particular nationalities. APPLICATION METHODS The application process is to be completed via the online application system, "The Admissions Office" (hereinafter referred to as "TAO"). TAO : https://admissions-office.net/en/portal SCREENING METHODS ・ Admissions decisions are based on a holistic screening of the application documents. ・ Applicants may be invited to an interview if required. ELIGIBILITY Applicants from educational systems other than Japan must meet one of the following requirements: A, B, or C. A. At the time of application, you must meet one of the following qualifications:(a) 1. You have completed or are expected to complete secondary education and formal school education for 12 or more years outside Japan. (b) 2. You have completed or are expected to complete secondary education and formal school education for 12 years at an international school that has been accredited by an international accreditation institution. (c) 3. You have completed or are expected to complete formal school education at a foreign school in Japan designated by MEXT(d) as equivalent to a high school in Japan. (e) 4. You have obtained or are expected to obtain one of the following qualifications: International Baccalaureate Diploma, Baccalauréat, Abitur, General Certificate of Education Advanced Level , International General Certificate of Education Advanced Level, or European Baccalaureate Diploma. 5. You have completed or are expected to complete secondary education and formal school education for 11 years in the specific countries designated by MEXT. (f) 6. You have completed or are expected to complete a college preparatory course designated by MEXT after completing a formal education of less than 12 years, other than in the cases specified in No. 5 above.(g) B. You are 18 years old or older as of the expected enrollment date, AND you have passed, at the time of application, a qualification exam that proves you have scholastic ability equivalent to or higher than those who have completed a 12-year education curriculum outside Japan. C. You are 18 years old or older as of the expected enrollment date, AND you are recognized individually by the School as having met the requirements equivalent to A or B above. Applicants from Japanese educational system must meet one of the following requirements: D, E, or F . D. You have graduated or are expected to graduate from a "High School" or a 6-year "Secondary School" in Japan, or you meet one of the qualifications in the footnotes. (a)(h) School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 5 E. You are 18 years old or older as of the expected enrollment date, AND you have passed, or are scheduled to pass by the expected enrollment date, the high school equivalency examination given by MEXT . F. You are 18 years old or older as of the expected enrollment date, AND you are recognized individually by the School as having met the requirements equivalent to D or E above. (a) There is no minimum age requirement if you meet one of the qualifications listed. (b) Those who "have completed or are expected to complete secondary education and formal school education for 12 or more years outside Japan" refers to those who have received elementary and secondary school education, whether in Japan or abroad, and who have graduated/are expected to graduate from a formal secondary education institution in a country other than Japan. (c) WASC (Western Association of Schools and Colleges), ACSI (Association of Christian Schools International), CIS (Council of International Schools), NEASC (New England Association of Schools and Colleges), Cognia (including NCA CASI, NWAC and SACS CASI), and COBIS (Council of British International Schools). (d) "MEXT" in this section refers to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. (e) Foreign schools in Japan designated by MEXT : https://www.mext.go.jp/a_menu/koutou/shikaku/07111314/003.htm(in Japanese) (f) Designated 11-year school education equivalent to a "High School" in Japan; Belarus, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Peru, Russia, Sudan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan : https://www.mext.go.jp/a_menu/koutou/shikaku/1380756.htm(in Japanese) (g) College preparatory courses designated by MEXT https://www.mext.go.jp/a_menu/koutou/shikaku/07111314/001.htm(in Japanese) (h) Other qualifications are as follows: - You have graduated or are expected to graduate from a high school part of a "School for Special Needs Education" or completed the 3rd grade of a 5-year "College of Technology" in Japan. - You have graduated or are expected to graduate from a school for Japanese outside Japan which is designated by MEXT as is equivalent to high schools in Japan : https://www.mext.go.jp/a_menu/koutou/shikaku/07111314/004.htm(in Japanese) - You have completed or are expected to complete an upper secondary course at a specialized training college designated by MEXT. NOTE: 1) Eligibility is not decided by nationality or length of period living abroad. 2) There is no minimum requirement for GPA or standardized test scores that applicants must meet. 3) If you are expected or scheduled to meet any of the qualifications above, you must meet them before the first date of enrollment. 4) If you are not sure whether you meet the requirements for applicant eligibility or if you would like to verify your eligibility, submit an individual review form to sils-ent@list.waseda.jp at least 3 weeks before the application deadline. Applicant's eligibility will be reviewed based on the submission of designated documents and inquiries regarding application eligibility will not be addressed over the phone or in person. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 6 TIMELINE Application System Opening Period 10:00 AM, January 7-5:00 PM, January 28, 2027 Event Early Admission Regular Admission Release of Essay Questions and Instructions 10:00 AM, December 22, 2026 10:00 AM, January 13, 2027 Screening Fee Payment Period 10:00 AM, January 7 -11:59 PM, January 12, 2027 00:00 AM, January 13 -5:00 PM, January 28, 2027 Application Deadline 11:59 PM, January 12, 2027 5:00 PM, January 28, 2027 Notification of Examinee Number 10:00 AM, March 2, 2027 10:00 AM, March 22, 2027 Announcement of Early Decision 10:00 AM, March 9, 2027 Interview Notification (if applicable) 10:00 AM, March 19, 2027 Interview (if required) March 26 or 27, 2027 (One of the dates above) Announcement of Regular Admission Results 10:00 AM, April 13, 2027 Announcement of Applicants Admitted from the Waitlist First Announcement: 10:00 AM, May 18, 2027 Second Announcement: 10:00 AM, June 1, 2027 Event Early Admission Regular Admission Early Decision Pass Accepted from the Waitlist (1st) Accepted from the Waitlist (2nd) First Enrollment Procedures (see below) (see below) (see below) (see below) Action 1: Fee Payment March 9-25, 2027 April 13-30, 2027 May 18-24, 2027 June 1-7, 2027 Action 2: Submission of Visa-related Documents April 13 -May 7, 2027 April 13 -May 7, 2027 May 18-31, 2027 June 1-7, 2027 Action 3: Verification of Application Documents March 9 -June 30, 2027 April 13 -June 30, 2027 May 18 -June 30, 2027 June 1-30, 2027 Second Enrollment Procedures (see below) Action 4: Verification of Application Documents (if applicable) Around August 2027 (TBA) Action 5: Online Registration Around August 2027 (TBA) Enrollment Date September 21, 2027 School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 7 NOTE: 1) The primary difference between Early Admission and Regular Admission is the application and screening schedule. 2) Applicants may apply only once, either for Early Admission or Regular Admission. 3) Early Admission applicants not accepted through Early Decision will automatically be considered for Regular Admission. 4) Early Admission applicants who receive an Early Decision will have priority for Prior to Enrollment Scholarships. 5) AO September Entry (both Early and Regular Admission) is a non-binding admission. Application to this admission does not prevent you from applying to other universities or other schools at Waseda University. 6) If your application for Early Admission was not accepted because it did not meet the eligibility criteria, you are not eligible to apply for Regular Admission. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 8 STEP 2 Prepare the Necessary Documents The application process will be mostly conducted through the online system (TAO), and there are a number of documents that you must prepare in advance. Carefully read this Guide and prepare all the required documents before the beginning of the application period. Application Documents Document Who should submit Ref 1. Proof of Applicant Eligibility (e.g., Certificate of Expected Graduation) Applicant P. 9 2. Academic Transcript (a) Applicant P. 10 3. Grading Scale Applicant P. 10 4. Standardized Test Score (a) SAT College Board P. 10 ACT ACT Inc. IBDP Final Grades IBO Others Applicant / School (b) 5. English Language Proficiency Test Score TOEFL iBT ETS P. 12 IELTS (Academic)/for UKVI Academic Examination Board 6. Language Proficiency Test Score for a Language other than the First Language and English (Optional) Applicant P. 12 7. Essay Applicant P. 13 8. Academic Honors & Extra-curricular Activities (Optional) Applicant P. 13 9. Personal Identification (Passport) Applicant P. 13 10. Applicant's Photo Applicant P. 14 11. Residence Card in Japan (c) Applicant P. 14 12. Proof of Payment Applicant P. 14 (a) For more details, see the "List of Application Documents by Education System," which can be found on the School website and the front page of this Guide. (b) We are aware that some high schools/institutions have a policy of keeping documents confidential from students. In this case, ask your high school to upload the required certificates directly on the designated form. (c) Only for non-Japanese nationals residing in Japan. NOTE: 1) Requirements on original documents On TAO, you will first upload PDF versions of the original/certified documents and certificates to follow our online application process. The documents must be issued for third-party use; simple screenshots of the grade report webpage intended for the student or their guardians are not acceptable. However, later as part of our enrollment procedures, successful applicants will be required to prove their originality either by submitting their physical copies by post, having their official versions sent by e-mail from the issuing organization, or using digital credential services. If you are unable to do so by the designated deadline, you will be considered to have failed to meet our enrollment qualifications. Any discrepancies may be considered as falsification/fabrication of application documents, and your admission may be revoked. For more details, refer to Step 6: Complete the Enrollment Procedures. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 9 2) Applicant's name on documents Note that all the documents must be issued under your legal name written in English alphabet on your passport. If the name used on the application documents differs from the name on your passport, upload documentation with your passport in the Personal Detail section to prove that all names belong to the same person. 3) Language specification Certificates issued in English are accepted. If they are originally issued in any other language, attach an English translation to the original. The translation must be prepared either by the issuing institution (e.g., your high school) or by a translation agency/office officially approved by the government. 4) Meeting the deadline All application documents, including ones directly sent from your high school or other institutions, must be received by the School no later than the designated deadline. Those that arrive after the deadline will not be accepted under any circumstances. We do not notify applicants about the delivery status of application documents (including electronic scores). Verify on your own that the procedure for having the score report sent directly from the testing organization has been properly completed. IMPORTANT: In recent years, there have been many cases in which applicants' names, dates of birth, issuance date s, grades, or test scores are incorrectly stated on certificates issued by schools or testing institutions. Please carefully check that all information is correct before uploading documents to TAO. 1. Proof of Applicant Eligibility Prepare a PDF version of a certificate proving you have completed or are scheduled to complete a secondary education curriculum. The certificate must show your legal name in alphabet, date of birth, the official name of the school in English, (expected) graduation date, and the issuance date. The issuance date of Certificate of Graduation must be on or after the actual graduation date. NOTE: 1) Provide the contact person's information (name, affiliation, title, school domain e-mail address) in the space provided on TAO. The contact person should be a principal, counselor, registrar, or instructor of the issuing institution (e.g., your high school). We may reach out to your contact person to verify the information submitted on TAO. 2) If the academic transcript shows your (expected) graduation date and (expected) graduation status, you do not need to prepare a separate document. 3) If your high school does not issue a certificate of graduation (or expected graduation), use the "Template for Certificate of Graduation/Expected Graduation," which you can download from the School website. As proof of Applicant Eligibility, the applicant must submit a certificate proving that the secondary education curriculum is/will be completed. If the certificate lacks any of the information stated under "1. Proof of Applicant Eligibility" on this page, submitting both the certificate issued by high school and the form designated by Waseda University is required. 4) If you did not graduate from high school but passed the university entrance qualification test (high school equivalency examination), submit the documents certifying this fact, instead of the certificate of high school graduation. 5) The documents should be in English or with an English translation, but certificates of (expected) graduation in Japanese can be accepted when the original documents can only be issued in Japanese. 6) If you are studying or have studied at a high school in China, please let us know if you will sit/ have sat for China High School Academic Proficiency Test (Huikao/会考) on TAO. If you have the results, upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China High School Academic Proficiency Test (Huikao) Results" issued in English by CHSI ( 学 信 网). Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and verification QR code. Only report issued by CHSI will be considered valid. Huikao results are used only for the purpose of reviewing applicants' eligibility. Note that documents issued by CHSI (学信网) may take up to one month to be issued after application. If you will sit/have sat for the test, you will be asked to send English version of "Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (中国中等教育学历验证报告)" issued in English (not the Huikao results) directly from CHSI (学信网) as a part of our enrollment procedures. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 10 2. Academic Transcript Prepare a PDF version of academic transcripts/school reports issued by your high school (or an equivalent institution) from Grade 10 onwards up to the most recent academic term as specified in the "List of Application Documents by Education System," which can be found on the School website and the front page of this Guide. The certificate must show your legal name in alphabet, the official name of the school in English, and the issuance date. NOTE: 1) If you have been enrolled in more than one school, submit the academic transcripts from all the schools that you have been enrolled in. 2) If you have passe d the university entrance qualification test (high school equivalency examination) , submit the documents certifying this fact and the score. If you have been enrolled in high school in the past, submit an academic transcript for the entire period of your high school enrollment. 3) If you are studying or have studied at a tertiary education institution (university, junior college, etc.), submit an academic transcript with grades for the period until the most recent academic term at the time of application. 4) If you have graduated from your school, submit the academic transcript issued on or after the graduation date. 5) Academic records must clearly show the subjects and grades for each academic year or semester separately. Documents showing only combined or cumulative results across multiple years or semesters, such as combined Grade 11 and Grade 12 results, will not be accepted. 6) If you have been enrolled in a school for 6 months or more but are unable to submit grades for that period, submit a support letter of explanation issued by the school. (If you have been enrolled for less than 6 months, a support letter is not required.) 7) If you wish to submit AP exam scores, arrange to have your score reports directly sent from College Board. (If sent by other means, they will be considered invalid.) The Waseda University Code: [AP: 0837] 8) 【日本の高等学校の場合】日本の教育課程のみを履修した場合は、 日本語の調査書を提出してください。 日本の教 育課程に加えて日本の教育課程以外を履修した場合は、その部分の科目・成績を含めた日本語の調査書を提出し てください。 それができない場合は、 日本語の調査書と （日本語または英語の） 日本の教育課程以外の成績表を両 方提出してください。 3. Grading Scale Prepare a document which shows the grading scale/system of your high school (or equivalent educational institution). Here, the term "Grading Scale" refers to a list or table of possible grades, including information on the highest and lowest grades. If your school uses a letter-grade system, please submit the definition of the numerical values for the letter grades, if possible. NOTE: 1) If the transcript(s) shows the grading scale, additional documents are not necessary. 2) A photocopy of the school website, school profile, or any other official document issued by your high school which certifies the grading scale/system is acceptable. 3) 【日本の高等学校の場合】調査書を提出される場合には、日本の教育課程の部分についての Grading Scale の提出 は不要です。 4. Standardized Test Score You may submit the scores of any of the standardized tests listed on the "List of Application Documents by Education System," such as an official SAT or ACT score, IBDP (predicted) grades, GCE/IGCE A-level (predicted) grades, or the official certificate/score report of your country's university entrance qualification examination (e.g., China: Gaokao; Republic of Korea: CSAT , etc.). If your education system is not listed or if you are not sure which category applies to your case, inquire at the School prior to the submission of your application. Only the tests taken on or after the following date are deemed as being valid: February 1, 2024. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 11 Submission Method Test How to submit  SAT  ACT  IBDP Final Grades  Arrange to have your score reports directly sent from College Board, ACT Inc., or IBO. (If sent by other means, they will be considered invalid)  The Waseda University Code: [SAT: 0837] [ACT code: 5473] [IB code: 00549]  All Waseda University's English -based undergraduate programs have access to these scores sent with the above code, so if you are applying to multiple Waseda undergraduate programs at the same time, you do not need to order scores for each program.  To check whether your scores have been received, contact the test board directly.  IBDP Predicted Grades  Republic of Korea: CSAT  Others  Upload a PDF version of the certificate by yourself on TAO.  The certificate must show your legal name in alphabet, date of birth, official name of the issuing authority, and issuance date.  If your high school has a policy of keeping predicted grades (e.g., IBDP) confidential from students, ask your high school to upload the required certificates directly on the designated form.  GCE/IGCE A-level  Upload a PDF version of the certificate by yourself on TAO.  The certificate must show your legal name in alphabet, date of birth, official name of the issuing authority, and issuance date.  For the final grades, the certificate must be issued by the Examination Board.  For the predicted grades, the certificate must be issued by educational institutions which follow GCE/IGCE A-level curriculum. The prescribed format should be used. In case your high school is unable to use the prescribed format, please make sure that your document includes the predicted grade, examination board, examination series, test center code, and subject code.  If your high school has a policy of keeping predicted grades confidential from students, ask your high school t o upload the required certificates directly on the designated form.  China: Gaokao  Upload a PDF version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores" issued in English by C HSI (学信网 ) on TAO. Verification Report must include your legal name in alphabet and Verification QR code.  After admitted, you will be asked to send English version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores" directly from CHSI (学信网) as a part of our enrollment procedures.  Only report issued by CHSI will be considered valid. NOTE: 1) Test scores, including th ose directly sent by the testing organization, must arrive by the application deadline. Arrival prior to the application period is acceptable. 2) We do NOT superscore. If you have taken the test multiple times, choose your best score (the sitting with the highest total score) and enter that information. 3) Only standardized test scores entered on TAO will be accepted as part of your application. Any undeclared test scores will not be accepted even if they are directly sent to the School or submitted as other documents. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 12 5. English Language Proficiency Test Score Submit the results of the following tests. Only the tests taken on or after the following date are deemed as being valid: February 1, 2025. Submission Method Test How to submit TOEFL iBT  Arrange to have your score directly sent from ETS. Waseda University Code: [9342]  TOEFL iBT Home Edition is not acceptable.  "MyBest Scores" is not acceptable. IEL TS (Academic/ IEL TS for UKVI Academic)  Arrange to have your score sent electronically directly from the testing organization using the following information. Institution: Waseda University Department: Admissions Center Address: 1-6-1, Nishi-waseda, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, 169-8050 Japan, Admissions Center, Waseda University Delivery Method: Electronic Score Delivery  IEL TS Indicator and IEL TS Online are not acceptable.  IEL TS One Skill Retake is not acceptable. NOTE: 1) Test scores must arrive by the deadline. Arrival prior to the application period is acceptable. 2) We do NOT superscore. If you have taken the test multiple times, choose your best score (the sitting with the highest total score) and enter that information. 3) Verify on your own that the procedure for having the score report sent directly from the testing organization has been properly completed. 4) For TOEFL iBT and IELTS (Academic/for UKVI Academic ), all Waseda University's English -based undergraduate programs have access to these scores sent with the above designated way, so if you are applying to multiple Waseda undergraduate programs at the same time, you do not need to order scores for each program. Exemption: You may be exempt from submitting an English language proficiency test score if, by the time of enrollment, you have studied full -time for at least three of the most recent four years at a high school, college, or university where the sole language of instruction is English (excluding foreign language classes) Applicants claiming this exemption must submit a document confirming that the medium of instruction is English (e.g., the school website URL, a school profile, or a support letter issued by the school). This document is not required if the school is located in one of the countries listed below and the medium of instruction is English, except for foreign language classes. Australia / Canada (all provinces except Quebec) / New Zealand / the United Kingdom / the United States of America School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 13 6. Language Proficiency Test Score for a Language other than the First Language and English (Optional) If you have a language proficiency test score of a foreign language other than your first language and English, prepare a PDF version of an original certificate. Only the tests taken on or after the following date are deemed as being valid: February 1, 2025. 7. Essay Write an essay in English in the given space on TAO. The essay question and other instructions will be posted on the School website as follows. Release of Essay Questions and Instructions Date and Time Early Admission: 10:00 AM, December 22, 2026 Regular Admission: 10:00 AM, January 13, 2027 URL https://www.waseda.jp/fire/sils/en/applicants/admission/ * Your essay is a chance to explain yourself to the School and should be completed by yourself. Using generative AI to create this document and presenting it as your own work may be considered as cheating and could affect the evaluation of your application. NOTE: 1) Essay questions vary depending on whether you are applying for Early Admission or Regular Admission. Make sure to write your essay based on your application batch. 2) If you submitted your application by the Early Admission deadline and were deferred to Regular Admission following the screening, you do not need to submit an essay for Regular Admission. 8. Academic Honors & Extra-curricular Activities (Optional) Choose up to three honors/activities as you think the best in order. The experiences mentioned here must be acquired after graduating from junior high school or completing the first half of secondary schooling. Describe them in the given spaces on TAO (around 100 -150 words) and upload a PDF version of a certificate, brochure, article or other document to prove your activities. Photocopies are accepted but make sure to prepare a certificate that bears the full name of the applicant and period of activities/honors. NOTE: 1) To prove your honors and activities, you may also use the prescribed form. 2) Undocumented claims are considered invalid. 3) We do not answer questions about how to list activities, which activities are applicable or which certificates are valid. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 14 9. Personal Identification (Passport) Prepare a scanned copy of your passport. If you do not have a passport at the time of application, upload a copy of any identification document that displays your photograph, date of birth, and full name in English alphabet or Japanese. If you are a citizen of more than one country, prepare copies of all your passports. 10. Applicant's Photo Please upload a color photo taken within 3 months before the time of application. The requirements for the photo are as follows: A vertical to horizontal ratio of 4:3; borderless, must capture the upper body; must provide a front view with no hats; and mus t be taken against a plain background. As part of the enrollment procedure, you will be required to upload the same photo you submitted with your application. Therefore, please keep the file of the submitted photo until you complete the enrollment procedure. NOTE: 1) Photos taken wearing scarves and sunglasses will not be accepted. A head piece will not be permitted except for medical or religious reasons. 2) The photo will be used for identity verification on the day of the interview. We do not accept unclear photos such as snapshots or photos that make it difficult to identify the pictured individual or verify their identity owing to differences in hairstyle, etc. 3) Please do not post-process or retouch the face portrait photo. 4) Photographs taken and printed by individuals themselves using smartphones, etc., will not be accepted. Be sure to take an ID-quality photo (photo taken at an instant photo booth is acceptable). 5) During the enrollment procedure, you will be required to upload a photo for your student ID card separately. Please use the same photo you submitted with your application. Please note that the photo uploaded during the enrollment procedure will be used as personal information in various student web portal services, and for identity verification in various on-campus procedures. 11. Residence Card in Japan If you are a non-Japanese national and have a status of residence in Japan, upload a scanned copy of both sides of your residence (Zairyu) card or special permanent resident certificate. If you have a status of residence in Japan but do not have a residenc e (Zairyu) card because of the visa status (Ex, Diplomatic/ Official Visa), upload a scanned copy of the page in passport with your Japan entry visa. 12. Proof of Payment Prepare a photo or a screenshot of the payment receipt which includes your name, payment date, and amount. For more details of the payment methods, refer to STEP 3. Example of Acceptable Scan ・The image covers the entire page with your photo and personal information. ・All the details are clear and readable. ・The image includes the Machine-Readable Zone (MRZ) at the bottom. Machine-Readable Zone(MRZ）→ School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 15 STEP 3 Pay the Screening Fee Pay the screening fee during the following designated period. Timeline Application Round Screening Fee Payment Period Early Admission 10:00 AM, January 7-11:59 PM, January 12, 2027 Regular Admission 00:00 AM, January 13-5:00 PM, January 28, 2027 Screening fee The screening fee depends on where you reside at the time of application regardless of your nationality. In some cases, overseas residents may be asked to provide documentary proof of where they live. Place of residence at the time of application Amount Outside Japan JPY 10,000 Japan JPY 35,000 A proof of payment must be uploaded on TAO in order to complete your application. Without paying the screening fee, your application is not complete. Reimbursement policy As a general rule, the screening fee will not be refunded. However, in the following cases, the screening fee alone will be refunded in full or in part. If any of these apply to you, please contact the School by e-mail. 1) You paid the screening fee but did not submit the application documents. 2) You paid the screening fee but submitted the application documents after the deadline. 3) You paid the screening fee and submitted the application documents, but your application was not accepted because it was incomplete or did not meet the eligibility criteria. If the screening fee was paid by credit card, or if the refund is to be deposited into a bank account outside of Japan, you will be responsible for any fees incurred in connection with the refund. PAYMENT METHODS Payment by Credit Card via Flywire To make a payment by credit card, access Flywire payment portal from "Payment/Proof of Payment" section of "The Admissions Office (TAO)", the online application system, and complete the required procedures. After completing the transaction, save the "Payment Tracking" Page in PDF/JPEG/PNG format and upload it with your application on TAO. How to make a payment 1. Payment is normally approved within 1-3 minutes, but additional security verification may delay approval for up to several days. Please complete your payment well in advance of the application deadline. All required application procedures must be completed before the deadline. Applications that are not completed by the deadline will not be considered submitted. 2. If a family member or acquaintance of an applicant conducts the procedure on behalf of an applicant, the family member or acquaintance must enter the applicant's information. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 16 Screening Fee Waiver Program for Specified Countries Waseda University provides a screening fee waiver for those who meet the conditions in the following link. Note that this waiver privilege is applicable only when applicants themselves submit a waiver request, and it does not automatically apply even if the applicant's conditions are met. Check the details on the waiver program from the link below. https://www.waseda.jp/inst/admission/assets/uploads/2025/07/screeningfeewaiver2025_en.pdf School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 17 STEP 4 Complete the Online Application Submit your application through "The Admissions Office (TAO)," the online application system, during the following designated period. Timeline Application System Opening Period 10:00 AM, January 7-5:00 PM, January 28, 2027 [Early Admission] The application must be finalized by 11:59 PM, January 12, 2027 [Regular Admission] The application must be finalized by 5:00 PM, January 28, 2027 NOTE: 1) If you intend to apply for Early Admission but fail to submit the required documents and/or information by 11:59 PM, January 12, 2027, your application will be automatically deferred to the Regular Admission. TAO: https://admissions-office.net/en/portal 1) You must first create an account on TAO. 2) After creating your TAO account, find "Waseda University, School of International Liberal Studies SILS AO September Entry 202 7" from the "Admission Schemes" menu and start your application. 3) Follow the detailed instructions shown on the system screen as you fill out and upload the materials. 4) Note that Waseda University uses several other application systems for other admissions schemes. To prevent confusion, make sure that you access TAO at the above link. IMPORTANT: Be sure to click "Complete my application" button in order to submit your application. Failure to complete your submission will result in your documents not being screened. After completing your submission, you can't modify or update any information you have entered or submit any additional documents, even before the application deadline. *The server might be very busy just before the deadline and it may take some time to submit your application. Please be careful and allow plenty of time to complete the application process. Application form Make sure to click "content confirmation" button and check all the sections have been completed. Click "Complete my application" to submit your application. Make sure to confirm your application status has been changed from " Application in progress" to " Application completed". School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 18 NOTE: 1) Application documents that arrive after the deadline will not be accepted under any circumstances, even if they are sent from your high school or other institution directly to the School. 2) You do NOT need to create a "Profile" on TAO in this admission. The School does not use the information provided in this section. 3) By creating your account on TAO, you agree to the "Terms of Use" and "Handling of Personal Information" designed by TAO Inc., the service provider of TAO. STEP 5 Screening Procedures and Schedules After completing the online application, you will be notified with each screening procedure, following the schedule below. 1. Notification of Examinee Number Your examinee number will be notified via TAO by the following date. (Login> Applications> Completed > Choose your application > Show examinee slip) Application Round Notification Date Early Admission 10:00 AM, March 2, 2027 Regular Admission 10:00 AM, March 22, 2027 * Contact us if you have not received an update by the above date. 2. Announcement of Early Decision Announcement of Early Decision The results will be released via TAO (Login>Applications>Completed>Choose your application>View my screening results), following the schedule below: Announcement of Screening Results Date 10:00 AM, March 9, 2027 There are two possible outcomes of your application results: Early Decision  You are successfully admitted to the School. Your offer is non -binding and unconditional. No further screening is required.  Confirm your Study Plan.  Enrollment documents will be sent to successful applicants via TAO on the above announcement date.  You are required to complete the enrollment procedure by the designated deadline. Defer  Your application result is deferred for assessment until April 13, 2027.  We will not accept any additional documents. * We will not accept any inquiries regarding application results. 3. Interview (Only if Required) An interview will be required only when we judge that we need further information in addition to the application documents. The interview will be conducted through an online interview system. Further instructions will be provided to the applicants who are applicable on or before the following notification date. Interview date and time will be chosen by the School and cannot be changed under any circumstances. Therefore, be sure to keep your schedule open for the dates specified below. Notification Date Interview Acceptance Deadline Interview Schedule 10:00 AM, March 22, 2027 12:00 AM, March 24, 2027 March 26 or 27, 2027 (One of the dates above) School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 19 NOTE: 1) An interview request (or the lack of it) is not indicative of your final results (pass or fail). We will not accept any inquiries regarding the criteria used to determine who is interviewed or not. 2) Notification will be sent only to those who are required to attend an interview. 3) If you are invited to an interview and wish to attend, you must confirm your attendance by the designated deadline. If you miss the notification and fail to confirm your attendance, the School cannot be held responsible. 4) You will be responsible for the arrangement of a proper interview environment, internet connectivity, and any fees that may be incurred. If during the interview, we find that the interview location is inappropriate (e.g. too much background noise, the presence of other people), the interview may be cancelled and the applicant may be regarded as being absent from the interview. Note that recording by anyone other than Waseda University is strictly prohibited. 4. Announcement of Regular Admission Results The results will be released via TAO (Login>Applications>Completed> Choose your application>View my screening results), following the schedule below: Announcement of Screening Results Date 10:00 AM, April 13, 2027 There are three possible outcomes of your application results: Pass  You are successfully admitted to the School. Your offer is non -binding and unconditional. No further screening is required.  Confirm your Study Plan.  Enrollment documents will be sent to successful applicants via TAO on the above announcement date.  You are required to complete the enrollment procedures by the designated deadline. Waitlisted  Your application has been waitlisted. We will offer admission to a certain number of applicants on the waitlist if some of our successful applicants choose not to accept our offer. Fail  Your application was unsuccessful. You may apply to the subsequent admission if you wish. * We will not accept any inquiries regarding application results. 5. Procedures for Waitlisted Applicants First Announcement of Results from the Waitlist The results will be released via TAO (Login>Applications>Completed> Choose your application>View my screening results), following the schedule below: Announcement of Screening Results Date 10:00 AM, May 18, 2027 There are two possible outcomes of your application results: Accepted from the Waitlist  You are successfully admitted to the School. Your offer is non -binding and unconditional. No further screening is required.  Confirm your Study Plan.  Enrollment documents will be sent to successful applicants via TAO on the above announcement date.  You are required to complete the enrollment procedures by the designated deadline. Waitlisted  Your application has been waitlisted. We will offer admission to a certain number of applicants on the waitlist if some of our successful applicants choose not to accept our offer. Not Accepted from the Waitlist  Your application was unsuccessful. You may apply to the subsequent admission if you wish. * We will not accept any inquiries regarding application results. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 20 Second Announcement of Results from the Waitlist The results will be released via TAO (Login>Applications>Completed> Choose your application>View my screening results), following the schedule below: Announcement of Screening Results Date 10:00 AM, June 1, 2027 There are two possible outcomes of your application results: Accepted from the Waitlist  You are successfully admitted to the School. Your offer is non -binding and unconditional. No further screening is required.  Confirm your Study Plan.  Enrollment documents will be sent to successful applicants via TAO on the above announcement date.  You are required to complete the enrollment procedures by the designated deadline. Not Accepted from the Waitlist  Your application was unsuccessful. You may apply to the subsequent admission if you wish. * We will not accept any inquiries regarding application results. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 21 STEP 6 Complete the Enrollment Procedures Successful applicants are required to complete the following actions: ・ First Enrollment Procedures: ・ Action 1: Pay the required Registration fee*, Tuition, and other fees ・ Action 2: Submit visa-related documents ・ Action 3: Send official documents for verification purposes *The registration fee will be credited toward the enrollment fee for students who enroll. ・ Second Enrollment Procedures: Details will be announced to those who have completed the First Enrollment Procedures. ・ Action 4: Send official documents for verification purposes (if applicable) ・ Action 5: Complete online registration TIMELINE Application Period Application Result First Enrollment Procedures Second Enrollment Procedures Action 1 Action 2 Action 3 Action 4 Action 5 Early Admission Early Decision March 9-25, 2027 April 13- May 7, 2027 March 9- June 30, 2027 Around August 2027 (TBA) Regular Admission Pass April 13-30, 2027 April 13- May 7, 2027 April 13- June 30, 2027 Accepted from the Waitlist (1st) May 18-24, 2027 May 18-31, 2027 May 18- June 30, 2027 Accepted from the Waitlist (2nd) June 1-7, 2027 June 1-7, 2027 June 1-30, 2027 First Enrollment Procedures - Action 1: Pay the required Registration Fee, Tuition and other fees The Registration Fee, Tuition and other fees for the f irst semester must be paid within the period designated above. If you do not complete the payment on time, your enrollment will be invalid. Detailed instructions on payments will be sent to successful applicants. (In Japanese yen) 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 Fall Spring Fall Spring Fall Spring Fall Spring Registration Fee *The registration fee will be credited toward the enrollment fee for students who enroll. 200,000 Tuition Fee 745,000 745,000 845,000 845,000 845,000 845,000 845,000 845,000 Student Health Promotion Mutual Aid Association Membership Fee 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 Alumni Association Membership Fee 40,000 Total 946,500 746,500 846,500 846,500 846,500 846,500 846,500 886,500 ・ The amount of fees indicated above is subject to change. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 22 Notes on fees and payment: 1) The School Expenses and other fees include Tuition and Waseda University Student Health Promotion Mutual Aid Association Fees (Student Health Insurance Fee). In addition, JPY 40,000 for the Alumni Association Membership Fee (automatic enrollment in the Alumni Association for up to 10 years after graduation) is required for the fourth year. 2) Waseda University uses an automatic account transfer system for payment of Tuition and other fees. Tuition and other fees for the spring semester are scheduled to be deducted from your registered bank account on May 5. From the second year on, Tuition and other fees for the fall semester will be deducted from your registered bank account on October 5. If financial institutions are closed on May 5 or October 5 due to a public holiday or the like, the account transfer will be processed on the next following business day. Notes on refund, transfer, and exemption: 1) As a rule, we do not refund Tuition and other fees once they are paid. However, if you do not enter Waseda University due to unavoidable circumstances, or fail to meet entrance qualifications prior to enrollment, we may refund only the Tuition and other fees for the first semester (not the Registration Fee) to you. 2) If you have been accepted by one of the undergraduate schools at Waseda University and completed payment of Registration Fee, and Tuition and other fees to the school, but were later accepted by your preferred undergraduate school, you can choose to enter your preferred undergraduate school and have the amount you already paid be transferred to that school. However, this procedure can be done only when the enrollment procedure periods (payment periods) of the two schools do not overlap AND if the date of enrollment for both schools is same. 3) If you are currently enrolled in, graduated from, completed, or withdrawn from an undergraduate, graduate, or specialized program of Waseda University, your Registration Fee will be refunded. 4) For more information about these procedures, refer to the "Guide to Enrollment Procedures" sent to successful applicants or contact the School. First Enrollment Procedures - Action 2: Submit visa-related documents If your nationality is not Japanese and you are not a legal resident in Japan, the School will apply for the Certificate of Eligibility (COE) on your behalf. Detailed procedures will be notified to the successful applicants only. <What is a Certificate of Eligibility (COE)?> A Certificate of Eligibility (COE) is a document which is issued by the Immigration Services Agency as evidence that the applicants meet the conditions for landing in Japan and applying for a visa. International students who are admitted to Waseda University are able to apply for a status of residence "Student" . Those with the status of residence "Student" are eligible to apply for tuition reduction/exemptions and scholarships for international students. Be aware that those with a status of residence other than "Student" are not eligible to apply for tuition reduction, exemptions and scholarships for international students. Take note that students are not eligible to enroll in the University with a "Temporary Visitor" visa status. Carefully read below and take the necessary measures. <Visa Application Procedures> In order to apply for a status of residence, you will first need to obtain a certificate of eligibility (COE) from the Immigration Services Agency, located in Japan. Limited to students with foreign citizenship and living outside of Japan who have completed enrollment procedures, Waseda University will apply for a COE to the Immigration Services Agency on the student's behalf. After the COE is issued, Waseda University will send it to the student. Upon receiving the COE, you will need to take the COE and other documents (e.g. your passport) to the Japanese embassy or consulate in your country of citizenship/residence to apply for a "Student" visa. The COE expires in 3 months of issuance, so be sure to acquire your visa within 3 months and enter Japan. <"Student" Visa Acquisition Process (1-7)> 5. Submission of the COE 1. Submission of required documents Waseda University 6. Issues Student visa Immigration Services Agency 2. Application for the COE on your behalf 4. Sending the COE 3. Issuance of the COE You Japanese Embassy / Consulate Entering Japan 7. Air flight booking School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 23 NOTE: 1) The entire process takes approximately two to three months thus submit the COE documents at the time of enrollment procedures. 2) If you hold a dual citizenship of Japan and another country, you cannot apply for the COE/Student visa. 3) If you currently have a status of residence "Student", process the application for "extension of period of stay" as necessary. You are able to apply for an extension of period of stay up to three months before your status of residence expires. Please contact the Immigration Services Agency for further details. 4) If you have a status of residence "Temporary Visitor", as a general rule, you will need to temporarily leave Japan and apply for status of residence "Student." For details on how to apply for a status of residence "Student," please refer to the above. 5) If you finish the activity that falls under your current status of residence, you will need to change your status of residence to "Student". If you currently have a status of residence such as "Long Term Resident", "Dependent" etc., there is no need for you to undertake any procedures. However, if you wish to change your status of residence to "Student," you will need to apply for a change of status of residence. For more details, contact the School after your acceptance. 6) Waseda University acts on your behalf to apply for a "Student" status of residence only. If you wish to apply for other types of status of residence, you need to make an application by yourself at the Immigration Services Agency. 7) If you do not submit the necessary documents or the submitted documents are incomplete, Waseda will not be able to apply for a COE on your behalf. 8) The Immigration Services Agency may require you to submit additional documents. 9) If you are accepted by another university in Japan, please make sure that you do not apply for a COE at more than one university. If there are multiple applications, the COE cannot be issued. 10) The Immigration Services Agency is solely responsible for decisions regarding status of residence. If issuance is delayed or application is not approved, Waseda University cannot be held responsible for the cancellation fee of your air ticket and other inconveniences. Please be careful when you book your flight. <Notice on Japan Pre-Entry Tuberculosis Screening (JPETS)> Applicants who hold nationality from the Philippines / Vietnam / Indonesia / Nepal / Myanmar/China are required to submit the "Tuberculosis (TB) Clearance Certificate" in addition to the normal Certificate of Eligibility (COE) application documents to prove that you are not infected with TB. The date this rule takes effect differs depending on your nationality, so please be sure to check the details from the following document if applicable. https://www.waseda.jp/inst/cie/news/40765 First Enrollment Procedures - Action 3: Send official documents for verification purposes Official documents must be submitted in order to prove the originality of the documents listed below whose digital copies were submitted at the time of application . If you are unable to provide an official certificate by the designated deadline, you will be considered to have failed to meet the entrance qualifications. Discrepancies may be considered as falsification/fabrication of application documents, and thus your admission may be revoked. <Required Documents> Document Notes Academic Transcript  Must include the same contents as in the materials you submitted during application. Standardized Test Score  Must be the same contents as in the materials you submitted during application.  Applicants who submitted SAT , ACT , or IBDP final grades during application are NOT required to send certificates again.  For GCE/IGCE A-level final grades: - Cambridge Assessment International Education: Submit score certificates issued by the Examination Board by yourself. Photocopies are acceptable. The School will verify their authenticity with Cambridge, so there is no need for you to have them sent directly to us. - Other Examination Boards (e.g., Pearson Edexcel, AQA, etc.): Arrange to have your score certificates directly sent from the examination boards.  Applicants who submitted final grades other than those described above must submit the certificate. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 24  Applicants who submitted predicted scores (e.g., IBDP , GCE/IGCE A-level, HKDSE etc.) must submit both certificates for the predicted scores and the final scores. At Action 3, submit the predicted scores. For GCE/IGCE A-level predicted grades, see above for the details of the arrangement.  Applicants who submitted Gaokao must submit English version of "Verification Report of China College Admission Examination Scores " directly from CHSI (学信 网). Certificate of Graduation  Must show that you have actually graduated from the school.  Certificate of Expected Gradua tion is NOT required (nor accepted) for those who uploaded it during application.  If the academic transcript shows your graduation date and is issued after the graduation date, you do not need to submit a separate document.  Applicants who sat for China High School Academic Proficiency Test (Huikao/ 会 考 ) must submit English version of "Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate( 中 国 中 等 教 育 学 历 验 证 报 告 issued in English)" (not the Huikao results) directly from CHSI (学信网) .  If you are expected to graduate from your high school after June 30, 202 7, submit this document at Action 4. Language Proficiency Test Score for a Language other than the First Language and English (only if applicable)  Those who have submitted the English Language Proficiency Test Scores directly sent via electronic delivery from the testing organization are not required to resubmit the result for the enrollment procedures.  The content must be the same as in the materials you submitted during the application.  If you did not submit these scores at the time of application, you do not need to send them during the enrollment procedures. Second Enrollment Procedures - Action 4: Send official documents for verification purposes (if applicable) If you cannot send all the official documents at Action 3, additional documents must be submitted. The details will be announced around August for the successful applicants who have completed the first enrollment procedures above. <Required documents> Document Notes Standardized Test Score  Must be the same contents as in the materials you submitted during application.  Applicants who submitted predicted scores (e.g., IBDP , GCE/IGCE A-level, HKDSE etc.) must submit both certificates for the predicted scores and the final scores. At Action 4, submit the final scores. For GCE/IGCE A-level final grades, see Action 3 for the details of the arrangement. Certificate of Graduation  Must show that you have actually graduated from the school.  Certificate of Expected Graduation is NOT required (nor accepted) for those who uploaded it during application. <What makes a document "Official"?> An official document is one that meets all the following three conditions: (1) Issued by the educational institution (e.g., the high school), government, exam board, or test provider (2) Issued for third-party use School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 25 (3) Submitted via one of the following methods: Submission Method Who should send Notes Post Applicants/ institutions We accept: - An "original" document: One with a stamp, seal, watermark , or signature of the issuer on ALL pages. - A "certified" document: Copy of the original document that has been deemed equivalent to the original with an official seal from the issuing institution (e.g., a high school) or another institution (e.g., a notary public). A simple photocopy is NOT acceptable. If your documents are sealed in an envelope by the institution, do NOT open it, as it may lose its validity once opened. E-mail School officials (administrators, counselors, etc.) The e-mail must be sent through a school domain e-mail address. If your school does not have an official domain, the official documents must be sent by post. Digital Credential Service Arrange to send via: - National Student Clearinghouse - Parchment Exchange - CHSI (中国高等教育学生信息网(学信网)) - OpenCerts (Singapore) - International Baccalaureate Organization - Examination Boards of GCE/IGCE A-level (e.g. Pearson Edexcel, AQA, etc.) - StudentTranscripts Service(STS) [Send to] Postal Mail: See the last page of this guide. E-mail / Digital Credential Service: sils-ent@list.waseda.jp Second Enrollment Procedures - Action 5: Complete online registration The details will be announced around August for the successful applicants who have completed the first enrollment procedures above. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 26 STEP 7 Preparations for Enrollment (Scholarships, Dormitories, etc.) Scholarships Pre-enrollment scholarships Applicants who have applied during the Early Admission and received an Early Decision will have priority in "Prior to Enrollment Scholarship". The decision for awarding scholarships is based on the excellence in screening results. Eligible recipients will be notified when they are offered admission or during the enrollment procedures. Post-enrollment scholarships Waseda ranks at the top of Japanese universities in terms of both the number of scholarship recipients and the total funds disbursed. All Waseda-funded scholarships are outright grants rather than loans. Students who wish to apply for scholarships need to complete the online scholarship registration form by the designated date. Note that the application procedures and types of scholarships differ for Japanese* students and international students. (* Including students with visa status such as "permanent resident (永住者)", "long-term resident(定住 者)", "spouse or child of Japanese national (日 本人の 配偶 者等 )" or "spouse or child of permanent resident(永住者の配偶者等)") Detailed information on scholarship programs will be sent to successful applicants. An overview of different scholarship programs can also be found on the following websites. ・ Life Support for International Students (Scholarships) https://www.waseda.jp/inst/cie/en/life/aid ・ Waseda University Scholarship and Financial Assistance Section https://www.waseda.jp/inst/scholarship/en/ Inquiry ・ Waseda University Scholarship and Financial Assistance Section https://www.waseda.jp/inst/scholarship/en/contact/ Dormitories Detailed information on dormitories will be sent to successful applicants. You may also refer to the following website. ・ Waseda University Dormitory Desk, Student Affairs Section https://www.waseda.jp/inst/rlc/en/ ・ Waseda University Student Housing Center https://waseda-housing.com/international/ Inquiry ・ Waseda University Dormitory Desk, Student Affairs Section https://forms.office.com/r/Ppd3i58d4w ・ Waseda University Student Housing Center https://waseda-housing.com/contact/ School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 27 Arrival in Japan and Entrance Ceremony The school year begins on September 21; however, orientations for the first -year students and other mandatory school events are scheduled in early September. Therefore, first-year students should plan to arrive in Tokyo by early September. The entrance ceremony will be held in late September. Further details on these ceremonies will be notified in due course. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 28 COMMON NOTES Notes on Application (1) Communication Method The School will contact applicants via TAO message and/or e-mail address registered on TAO when notifying incomplete documents, examinee number, interview invitation and enrollment procedures, etc. Be sure to add our sending domains ("list.waseda.jp" and "admissions -office.net") to your list of accepted email senders to ensure that you receive our emails. The School will not be responsible for any consequences caused by the applicants' failure to receive, read, and/or reply to the messages sent from the School. (2) Change in Contact Information If there is any change of e -mail address, or telephone number, send an e -mail from your registered e -mail address to the School. (3) Reasonable Accommodation If you expect to require reasonable accommodation during the entrance examination or after entering the University owing to a disability or serious medical condition, etc., or if a serious injury or illness is expected to affect your ability to take the entrance examination, please contact the School before submitting your application. If you find yourself in such a situation after submitting your application, please contact the School immediately. (4) Requirements for Expected Students If you submitted a certificate indicating that you are expected to meet the application requirements to enter Waseda University, you must submit an additional certificate indicating that you have indeed met the requirements prior to enrollment. You will not be permitted to enter Waseda University, even if you pass the screening, unless you submit the certificate confirming you have met the requirements. University Regulations (1) Waseda University Code of Misconduct Waseda University has established the following precautions to ensure that the admissions are administered in a strict manner, and that all applicants are screened fairly and impartially. Please carefully read the below precautions before applying. A. You will be deemed to have committed misconduct if you falsify, fabricate, plagiarize, or modify any documents, materials, or information submitted in your application. In such a case, any d ecision taken regarding your application may later be invalidated, and your application documents will not be returned and the screening fee will not be refunded. B. Your actions may be considered dishonest if you take the interview for another applicant, if another person takes the interview in your place, or if you conduct other acts impairing the fairness of the interview. C. If a dishonest act is identified, any decision taken regarding your application may later be invalidated, and your application documents will not be returned and the screening fee will not be refunded. D. In case misconduct is suspected, the University may inquire about the authenticity, etc., of documents, materials, theses, and information, etc., submitted to the University (hereinunder, "Submitted Documents") by providing said Submitted Documents to the issuers, providers, theses review entities, etc. By submitting or providing the Submitted Documents to the University, the applicant agrees to the University's right to make such inquiries. E. In addition, the following responses will be taken if a dishonest act is identified: 1) The applicant may not be allowed to continue taking the interview or to participate in any other admissions at Waseda University during the year. Screening fees will not be refunded. 2) The results of all admissions taken by the applicant at Waseda University during the year will School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 29 become invalid. If, after enrollment, students are found to have committed misconduct, they may be subject to a revocation of admission in accordance with the University's rules and regulations. In cases of misconduct that Waseda University finds it vicious and serious, Waseda University may report to the police or contact the dishonest individual's Guardians, high school, etc. (2) Accidents/incidents owing to force majeure: In the event of a natural disaster-such as typhoons, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, etc.-fires, power outages, or other force majeure accidents or transportation disruptions, measures including delaying the start and end of the admissions, etc. may be take n. However, in such an event, the University will not be liable for any inconvenience, expense, or other personal damage incurred by examinees as a result of such measures. Basic Policy Statements (1) Handling of Personal Information Waseda University will use the personal information (address, name, date of birth, etc.) collected at the time of application to discharge duties relating to admissions, announcement of successful applicants, enrollment procedures, and other related work. In doing so, the University will take necessary and appropriate measures to prevent the leakage, outflow, or unauthorized use of such information. The University may outsource all or part of the above items. In such cases, the University will oblige, by contract or other means, the subcontracted entity or entities to perform necessary and appropriate management of the information. The Univer sity may inquire about the authenticity, etc., of documents, materials, theses, and information, etc., submitted to the University (hereafter "Submitted Documents") by providing them to the issuers, providers, theses review entities, etc. By submitting or providing the Submitted Documents to the University, the applicant agrees to the University's right to make such inquiries. Personal information that has been statistically processed, keeping individual identities confidential, will be used as material for surveys and research for the University's admission selection processes. (2) Collecting information on Gender and Sexual Diversity For the sake of administering entrance exams in an efficient manner and carrying out enrollment procedures, Waseda University collects information regarding your sex on legal documents such as family register or passport. The information is collected only for reasonably justifiable purposes, and these cases are limited to a minimum. If your sex is marked as neither male nor female on the legal documents, please contact at silsent@list.waseda.jp prior to application. The information does not affect the screening result. https://www.waseda.jp/inst/diversity/en/support/sexual-minority/ (3) Notice Regarding the Prevention of Sexual Violence against Children Act Students participating in teaching practicums and other child -related educational or research activities may be required to complete a criminal background check in accordance with the Prevention of Sexual Violence against Children Act. Depending on the results of the criminal background check, students may not be eligible to participate in such activities. School of International Liberal Studies AO Admission for September 202 7 Entry 30 Revision History Date of revision Version Page What was revised September 25, 2026 1.0 n/a (original version) Contact Admissions Office, School of International Liberal Studies, Waseda University 4th Floor, Building 11, 1-6-1, Nishi-waseda, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8050, Japan Business hours: 9:00 am to 5:00 pm (Japan Standard Time), Mon. through Fri. *** For Inquiries *** https://my.waseda.jp/application/noauth/application-detail-noauth?param=da1JZWbrFcywvLf0yPzWww * Please read this Guide, List of Application Documents by Educational System and the FAQs on our website thoroughly before making inquiries. * Please make all inquiries via the designated form in order for us to keep records of all communications with our applicants. * The SILS office is closed from December 25 , 202 6 to January 5, 2027 and May 1 to 5, 2027 . Inquiries will not be answered during this period.