Skip to content UNIVERSITY About us Leadership Senate Executive Board Accreditation, Certification & Rankings SDU Constitution Our Partners Rector's Blog SDU Constitution Sustainability Impact Staff 3D-Tour ADMISSIONS SDU Admissions International Admissions ISPT Olympiad Online Payment SDU Student Fund Financial-aid SCHOOLS School of Social Sciences, Business and Law School of Education and Humanities School of Information Technologies and Applied Mathematics (SITAM) Center for Multidisciplinary Education Continuing Education Center SDU Extension Center Academic Calendar RESEARCH Research prioritites Research outcome Research projects Ministry Grants National Bank Grants ERASMUS ALLVET ACeSYRI Completed Research Centers Center for Health, Policy and Management Art of Words Language. Culture. Communication IT Law Central Asian Research Center Interdisciplinary Research Center Digital Finance, Crypto Assets and Blockchain Sustainable Development Center «STEM Pedagogy» Research Center Social and Inclusive Education Research center Research Ethics CONFERENCE Academic Integrity League Forum 2026 SDSN Kazakhstan ICLSS 2025 ICBCB 2026 ICECCO Science Talks 2026 IYSC 2022 Emerging Scholars Conference Academic Publishing Bootcamp Summer School IR Forum Dissertaion Council 8D01501 - Mathematics 8D06102 - Computer Science 8D05401 - Mathematics 8D04201 - Applied Law 8D04101 - Management Scientific journals Announcements Seeking the academic title of Associate Professor STUDENTS Tuition Fees Library Students Service Center Inclusion Support Services Careers & Professional Development Social Affairs Accommodation Psychological Support Center Academic Calendar MEDICAL CENTER My SDU ENACTUS SDU Online Learning Environment OFFICES & SERVICES International Relations Department Education and Methodical Center Quality Assurance Department Fundraising Office Center for Professional Development & Innovation Social Affairs Science Department Legal Department PR Office Human Resources Maintenance Department Alumni Department Grant Office Menu UNIVERSITY About us Leadership Senate Executive Board Accreditation, Certification & Rankings SDU Constitution Our Partners Rector's Blog SDU Constitution Sustainability Impact Staff 3D-Tour ADMISSIONS SDU Admissions International Admissions ISPT Olympiad Online Payment SDU Student Fund Financial-aid SCHOOLS School of Social Sciences, Business and Law School of Education and Humanities School of Information Technologies and Applied Mathematics (SITAM) Center for Multidisciplinary Education Continuing Education Center SDU Extension Center Academic Calendar RESEARCH Research prioritites Research outcome Research projects Ministry Grants National Bank Grants ERASMUS ALLVET ACeSYRI Completed Research Centers Center for Health, Policy and Management Art of Words Language. Culture. Communication IT Law Central Asian Research Center Interdisciplinary Research Center Digital Finance, Crypto Assets and Blockchain Sustainable Development Center «STEM Pedagogy» Research Center Social and Inclusive Education Research center Research Ethics CONFERENCE Academic Integrity League Forum 2026 SDSN Kazakhstan ICLSS 2025 ICBCB 2026 ICECCO Science Talks 2026 IYSC 2022 Emerging Scholars Conference Academic Publishing Bootcamp Summer School IR Forum Dissertaion Council 8D01501 - Mathematics 8D06102 - Computer Science 8D05401 - Mathematics 8D04201 - Applied Law 8D04101 - Management Scientific journals Announcements Seeking the academic title of Associate Professor STUDENTS Tuition Fees Library Students Service Center Inclusion Support Services Careers & Professional Development Social Affairs Accommodation Psychological Support Center Academic Calendar MEDICAL CENTER My SDU ENACTUS SDU Online Learning Environment OFFICES & SERVICES International Relations Department Education and Methodical Center Quality Assurance Department Fundraising Office Center for Professional Development & Innovation Social Affairs Science Department Legal Department PR Office Human Resources Maintenance Department Alumni Department Grant Office Search Close EN KZ RU UNIVERSITY About us Leadership Senate Executive Board Accreditation, Certification and Rankings Our partners Rector's blog SDU Constitution Sustainability Impact Staff 3D-Tour ADMISSIONS SDU Admissions International Admissions ISPT Olympiad SDU Student Fund Tuition fees Financial-aid SCHOOLS School of Social Sciences, Business and Law School of Education and Humanities School of Information Technologies and Applied Mathematics (SITAM) Center for Multidisciplinary Education SDU Extension Center Academic Calendar Menu UNIVERSITY About us Leadership Senate Executive Board Accreditation, Certification and Rankings Our partners Rector's blog SDU Constitution Sustainability Impact Staff 3D-Tour ADMISSIONS SDU Admissions International Admissions ISPT Olympiad SDU Student Fund Tuition fees Financial-aid SCHOOLS School of Social Sciences, Business and Law School of Education and Humanities School of Information Technologies and Applied Mathematics (SITAM) Center for Multidisciplinary Education SDU Extension Center Academic Calendar Search Close EN KZ RU RESEARCH Research priorities Research outcome Research projects Ministry Grants National Bank Grants Erasmus ALLVET ACeSYRI Completed Research Centers Center for Health, Policy and Management Art of Words Language. Culture. Communication IT Law Central Asian Research Center Interdisciplinary Research Center Digital Finance, Crypto Assets and Blockchain Sustainable Development Center «STEM Pedagogy» Research Center Social and Inclusive Education Research center Research ethics Conferences Academic Integrity League Forum 2026 SDSN Kazakhstan ICLSS 2025 ICECCO ICBCB 2026 Science Talks 2026 IYSC 2022 Emerging Scholars Conference Academic Publishing Bootcamp Summer School IR Forum Dissertation Council 8D01501 - Mathematics 8D06102 - Computer Science 8D01702 - Two foreign languages 8D05401 - Mathematics 8D04201 - Applied Law 8D04101 - Management Scientific journals Announcements Seeking the academic title of Associate Professor STUDENTS Tuition fees Library Students Service Center International Students Inclusion Support Services Careers & Professional Development Social Affairs Accommodation Psychological support center Academic Calendar MEDICAL CENTER My SDU ENACTUS SDU Online Learning Environment OFFICES & SERVICES International Relations Department Quality Assurance Department Fundraising Office Centre for Professional Development & Innovation Social Affairs Science Department Legal Department PR Office Human Resources Maintenance Department Alumni Department Education and Methodical Center Grant Office Menu RESEARCH Research priorities Research outcome Research projects Ministry Grants National Bank Grants Erasmus ALLVET ACeSYRI Completed Research Centers Center for Health, Policy and Management Art of Words Language. Culture. Communication IT Law Central Asian Research Center Interdisciplinary Research Center Digital Finance, Crypto Assets and Blockchain Sustainable Development Center «STEM Pedagogy» Research Center Social and Inclusive Education Research center Research ethics Conferences Academic Integrity League Forum 2026 SDSN Kazakhstan ICLSS 2025 ICECCO ICBCB 2026 Science Talks 2026 IYSC 2022 Emerging Scholars Conference Academic Publishing Bootcamp Summer School IR Forum Dissertation Council 8D01501 - Mathematics 8D06102 - Computer Science 8D01702 - Two foreign languages 8D05401 - Mathematics 8D04201 - Applied Law 8D04101 - Management Scientific journals Announcements Seeking the academic title of Associate Professor STUDENTS Tuition fees Library Students Service Center International Students Inclusion Support Services Careers & Professional Development Social Affairs Accommodation Psychological support center Academic Calendar MEDICAL CENTER My SDU ENACTUS SDU Online Learning Environment OFFICES & SERVICES International Relations Department Quality Assurance Department Fundraising Office Centre for Professional Development & Innovation Social Affairs Science Department Legal Department PR Office Human Resources Maintenance Department Alumni Department Education and Methodical Center Grant Office International Students Пәнге тіркелу 08.01.2026 - 16.01.2026 Қосымша тіркелу 26.01.2026 - 30.01.2026 Ақылы түрде тіркелу 02.02.2026 - 06.02.2026 Пәннен бас тартудың 1 кезеңі (early withdraw) 09.02.2026 - 06.03.2026 Пәннен бас тартудың 2 кезеңі (late withdraw) 10.03.2026 - 02.05.2026 Қорытынды емтихан 04.05.2026 - 18.05.2026 Previous Next Relevant Information ID Card Student, to apply for an ID Card, first make a payment of 2000 KZT via MY.SDU.PORTAL → Accounting Info or using Kaspi QR / Halyk QR . Then submit your application through MY.SDU.PORTAL → Online Services → Student Card . Please select Delivery method - Advising Desk . The card will be ready within 3-5 working days . You can collect your card on working days from 13:30 to 15:30 at the Advising Desk . Obtaining reference Student can apply online and offline reference from MY SDU PORTAL, Online Services. 1. Online reference with QR code and digital signature. If you applied for online reference, you сan download it from MY SDU PORTAL within 3 business days. 2. Offline reference can be obtained by choosing ADVISING DESK with a signature and stamp and pick it up from the Advising Desk. Types of references: - Benefit: (GOV.kz) №2, №4, №6. - Certificate to the military registration: №3. - To school, to job the reference: Information about studying place - Transcript Medical certificate To submit a medical certificate, you must fill out the Google form, which is attached as QR. IMPORTANT: The application and the certificate must be sent within 3 working days from the date of issue of the medical certificate. Archival reference / Academic transcipt An archival information or academic transcript is provided only to graduates . You can submit a request in two ways: 1) Fill out the Google form accessible via the QR code; 2) Send a copy of your ID/passport to the student service center email ( ssc@sdu.edu.kz ), specifying which document you need, in which language, and your year of graduation. Once the request is received, the document will be prepared within 3 working days, and a notification will be sent to your email. Restore diploma To restore a diploma or obtain a duplicate, you can submit a request through eGov or by visiting a Public Service Center (ЦОН). Once the request is accepted, the duplicate will be prepared within 15 working days. The issuance of a duplicate is free of charge. If only the transcript is lost or damaged, you submit a request for a duplicate transcript. If the diploma or the diploma together with the transcript is lost or damaged, you submit a request for a duplicate of the diploma and transcript. Процес түрлері Handbook 2026/2027 For detailed information on studies, you need to click on this button. Handbook 2026-2027 International Student Guide Book LEARN MORE FAQ FX , AW and Withdraw Summer term and retakes Scholarship Curriculum Administration and teachers Student applications International Relation Office Social life in SDU Grant Accounting References Extension center MDE Beta Career NIS graduates Registration Curator Student Department Distance Learning Center Password, ID, Login, Student Card Dormitory Colledje and NIS graduates Working Off Military service Library What are AW(academic withdrawals)? What is the difference between AW and retakes? Why should I be afraid of getting an AW? The AW grade is assigned for academic reasons and results in withdrawal from a course. It is given in cases of violation of examination rules. The exam invigilator prepares an official report. For these courses, taking the FX exam is not allowed. If a student receives an AW grade three times, the student is dismissed from the University according to the rules. If a student has an AW can they take FX in this course? The AW price is set and released for academic reasons. It is put in case of violation of the rules of the exam. Examination duty fills out the act. Taking the FX exam in these subjects is not allowed What is FX? The grade "FX" is set when the final grade for the discipline is in the range of 25-49. A student who has received an "FX" grade has the right to retake the exam. What is withdraw? How much does it cost? Deadline of withdaw? After the Add/Drop week, a student can withdraw from a course on a paid basis. During the Early Withdrawal period, withdrawing from a course requires paying 50% of the course cost. In the Late Withdrawal period, 100% of the course fee must be paid. You can check specific dates for these periods in the Academic Calendar. How do I apply for FX? How can I make the payment? What are the payment details? To apply for FX, click the "Order FX" button in your portal. Before placing an order, make sure you have sufficient funds in your account, as the system will automatically deduct the FX fee. If you have extra funds in your account, you can use them. Otherwise, go to the Accounting Info section in your portal at my.sdu.edu.kz , where you can find the Kaspi Pay option. After making the payment there, the funds will immediately reflect in your account. You can also pay via banking apps using Kaspi or Halyk Bank QR codes. For cash payments, visit any bank branch and provide the university's payment details. Note that cash payments may take up to 3 business days to appear in your portal. . . How much does FX cost? 1 ECTS What if I missed FX? If you miss Fx, you will re-study this subject in the summer semester. What should be done if an instructor forgot to assign FX and the portal has been closed? The instructor submits an application to the Dean's Office. The issue is reviewed at a meeting, after which the portal is reopened for the instructor. What is Drop? When is payment required? Drop means withdrawing from a course. Withdrawing during the registration period and Add and Drop week is free of charge. During the Early Withdrawal period, withdrawing from a course requires payment of 50% of the course fee. During the Late Withdrawal period, withdrawing from a course requires payment of 100% of the course fee. During which period can Drop be done? Dropping a course during portal registration is free of charge. From weeks 3 to 10, dropping a course requires payment of 50% of the course fee. From weeks 10 to 14, dropping a course requires payment of 100% of the course fee. What is prerequisite? Prerequisites are disciplines that precede the study of this discipline. Do we count retake by credits or by ects? by ECTS Will there be a discount? I have heard that other universities do discounts on retakes because of the state of emergency? No If I close a course in the summer term, will there be a fee? How many ects can I close in the summer? If I want to take some more, who should I apply to? All summer semester courses are paid If I get a lower grade in the upgrade, what will the grade be? Will it be given as a retake or do I just have to take the exam? When Upgrade, the last grade is displayed, even if it is a retort. It is necessary to pass the whole course. Will there be a discount if the student closes the retake? No discounts available What is the correct way to take a retake? After consulting with an advisor What if a course is not open for the summer term? Close it during the academic year What happens if I miss a retake? If you don't read to pay again, your money will burn out. During the school year, you can take a recurring subject. When does the summer term start? How will it proceed? According to the academic calendar summer semester begins at the beginning of June. The student studies for 5 weeks, the exam takes 6-7 weeks. The lesson schedule is approved. The format of the exam is decided by the dean's office, online or offline. Until what date do we have to pay the retakes? University reference details? Money for the retake must be paid before the opening and registration of the portal Is it possible to take an upgrade course at our university? If so, how much will it cost? Upgrade services for the re-study of disciplines are provided only if the repeated subject does not exceed the established share (quota) in the current semester and in the absence of contradictions in the schedule of classes and with the permission of the head of the department for which the student is studying. You determine the payment in the accounting department Do we need to write an application to the dean's office? No, all students must write an application in the SSC or to the mail ssc@sdu.edu.kz How to pay re-take?Should I inform an accountant? What are the contacts of an accountant? If the student has money in the account, he can take retake courses. Does the payment in the same way as for tuition. What score is needed to keep the scholarship? You must score 70 or above in each subject. If I get below 70 in one subject, from which month is the scholarship suspended? If you lose the scholarship in the winter semester , it stops from February to August . If you lose it in the spring semester , it stops from September to January . If I complete the current semester with a score above 70, from which month will the scholarship be awarded? If a student successfully completes the spring and summer semesters, the scholarship is awarded from September to January. If the fall semester is successfully completed, the scholarship is awarded from February to August. If I lose the scholarship, will I still receive the travel allowance? Yes , the travel allowance is paid regardless of academic results . What are travel allowances and when are they paid? Travel allowances are payments provided to students as compensation for transportation expenses (travel tickets). These payments are granted to all students and master's degree students of higher and postgraduate education institutions studying under a state educational grant. The allowance is paid twice a year, during the winter and summer vacations, in an amount equal to four times the Monthly Calculation Index (MCI). For graduating students (Bachelor's degree - 4th year, Master's degree - 2nd year), the summer travel allowance is not paid. What determines the travel allowance amount? It is not affected by grades or other academic factors. If I fail a subject in spring but retake it in summer and pass with 70+, will I get the scholarship back? Yes , the scholarship will be restored from September . What documents are needed to receive the scholarship? Do I need to open a bank account myself? For freshmen, the IBAN account is opened by the university . Wait for instructions via student email to get the bank card. How do I know if I still have the scholarship or not? Check your transcript on the student portal. If your grade is below C+ , the scholarship is not paid. Can I obtain a scholarship card if I am under 18 years old? A scholarship card is issued to all students regardless of age based on an official request from the University. In case of any issues or questions, students who have reached the age of 18 apply to the bank independently. What if I lost my scholarship card? You can request a new card for the same account . If I get an NP (not pass) in paid English course, will I lose the scholarship? No , the scholarship will not be affected. Is the scholarship determined by semester results? Yes, the scholarship is awarded based on semester results . How is GPA calculated? The Grade Point Average (GPA) reflects a student's academic performance and is calculated based on academic credits/ECTS. GPA is determined by dividing the sum of the products of each course grade on a 4.0 scale and its credit/ECTS value by the total number of academic credits/ECTS. The result is rounded to two decimal places. Can I take a lesson from the another semester? Why it is not necessary? The student must study for the next semester on the credit program. You should not interfere with the schedule and have read the terms and conditions in advance. The instructor cannot assign a grade because the confirmation was not pressed in the MySDU internal system. Who is at fault? Since the confirmation was not pressed, the student's first and last name were not visible to the instructor in the system; therefore, the grade was not entered into the portal. What requirements are set for obtaining a red diploma? A diploma with honors is awarded to a student enrolled in a higher education program who has a grade point average (GPA) of at least 3.5, with final grades of A, A - "excellent," B-, B, B+, C+ - "good" in academic disciplines and other types of academic activities, and who has passed the comprehensive exam and/or defended the diploma thesis (project) with a grade of A, A - "excellent" (excluding grades for additional types of education). At the same time, a diploma with honors is not awarded to a student who retook intermediate assessments (exams) (retake/upgrade) during the entire period of study. Where can the study program be viewed? In the university's internal system - the my.sdu portal → Curriculum. Are there student representatives on the Program Approval Committee? At the faculty, the student does not participate in the development of the OP, the Deputy dean for Administrative Affairs acts on behalf of the student's accumulated adviser. Where can I go if during the registration week I can't make a schedule due to the intersection of the necessary lessons, and the adviser does not know the answer? You need to go to the chief expert of the faculty. Where to apply if there are not enough places for a certain subject during the registration week? You need to go to the chief expert of the faculty. Is it possible to take courses that are available to us from other semesters, for example, lessons of the 3rd and 4th semesters are sometimes available. Registration for the course in any semester is at the discretion of the student using credit technology. Only the student should not have an overlap in timetables. What happens if I took a lesson from another semester and am taking lessons with older students? Where to go if it's wrong? Do I need to pay for it? How to replace this item if there are no places for other necessary items or does not fit the schedule? Registration for the course in any semester is at the discretion of the student using credit technology. Only the student should not interfere with the schedule. If there are no vacancies to enroll in the discipline, you will contact the chief specialist of the faculty. What should I do if, when registering for the lesson, it was online, and then, without warning, it was changed to offline, and I am in another city and cannot replace the item with another one? If I clicked confirm, and only then found out about the schedule change without warning, I am in another city, and the lesson was changed to offline without warning what to do, where to go, whether access to changing the lesson will be free. Educational questions are considered by the dean's office. The student writes an application addressed to the dean, after which a commission is formed for consideration. Then the student will be introduced to the decision. Is it possible to complete some courses by participating in Olympiads and graduate from the university in 3 years? According to the internal regulations of our university, a student cannot complete a course based on participation in an Olympiad. Only exemption from classes for the period of participation in the Olympiad is considered upon submitting an application to the dean's office. How to take academic year? To whom is it given? Who needs to apply and what documents are needed? Can everybody take it? A grant student can receive an academic leave for health reasons, for the birth of a child, or with conscription. A student studying on a paid basis can get an academic break. In both cases, you need to write an application to the student department. What can I do if I do not agree with the teacher's assessment? On the same day or the next day after the assessment, you file an appeal with the dean's office. The commission is formed by the faculty. They will Check and share the decision. What to do if a student and teacher have a misunderstanding? The student goes to the dean's office and writes a application to the teacher. The dean considers the application at the meeting. Who can I contact if the curator does not answer? You need to go to the dean's office and inform the chief expert or the head of the department about it. How to write an application to the dean's office? Get a sample application from the secretary of the dean's office and write down the problem that has arisen. How to open the portal if it is closed? Get a sample application from the secretary of the dean's office and write down the problem that has arisen. How to open the portal if it is closed? The portal opens in the week of add-drop on a paid basis. You can make the payment on the website via Kaspi QR or Halyk QR. Is it possible to change profession and stay on a grant? If both specialties are of the same qualification, then you can. If I want to withdraw, what documents do I need? Where should I go? There is a QR form " Оқудан шығу " attached on the website, which must be filled out. The process is online. After the order is issued, the student can pick up the documents from the student department. How to find a link to the online lesson if teacher does not answered? a) contact a specialist in your dean's office (b) leave a request for helpdesk.sdu.edu.kz (c) go to moodle.sdu.edu.kz and find your course there, since with a high degree of probability you will automatically have already been added to the courses that you have selected on the portal What if the teacher imposes his point of view outside the academic boundary? The student goes to the faculty and writes a application to the dean. What should I do if a university employee behaves incorrectly, violating my personal boundaries? It is necessary to clarify in which department the employee works and inform the head of this department. What are the official deadlines for responding to letters of the administration? 3-5 working days What to do if there are two moodle sections in one subject with different teachers? Who is responsible for what? Who conducts the assessment? Often there are 2 sections in moodle for subjects where lectures and seminars are conducted by different teachers, in this case, the assessment is carried out in accordance with the conditions described in the syllabus and varies from teacher to teacher. Often, the teacher leading the seminar also gives points during the course. If the teacher does not come to the lesson for whom should I go, where to look for him, what will happen to attendance? It is necessary to go to the dean's office and inform the chief expert or head of the department about it. If there is more than one teacher for one subject , what to do, who to contact, and why did they put it that way? Reason 2 teachers of the discipline: 1 teacher to conduct a lecture, 1 teacher conducts practice. You need to clarify from dean's office. Where can I get links to lessons on the first and second weeks of the semester when the confirmation was not pressed? Teachers in contact with specialists from the dean's office are responsible for ensuring that students receive links to online lessons from the first weeks. If you did not receive links to lessons in a timely manner, write to your teacher by mail (name.surname@sdu.edu.kz) or contact the dean's office. What to do if after the add / drop week you wait another week for the opening of the portal, how to get access to assignments, lectures and quizzes, the teacher cannot give grades and does not give access to online exams, but the exams are on. You will receive an approximate timetable from your advisor. How can an academic leave be obtained? Who is eligible for it? To whom should an application be submitted, and what documents are required? Can tuition-paying students obtain it? A student studying on a state grant may obtain academic leave for health reasons, due to childbirth, or due to military service. Supporting documents are required. A tuition-paying student may also obtain academic leave for the same reasons, as well as for financial, family, and other reasons, by submitting an application to the student affairs office. What should I do if I fall ill during an exam? What should I do if I have family-related issues? You must inform your advisor.To receive permission for absence from classes due to health reasons, you are required to complete the "Medical Certificate" Google Form and upload a supporting document (medical certificate).Unfortunately, absences due to family circumstances are not excused. Under what circumstances can a student be expelled? Students may be expelled from the University for the following reasons: In accordance with Clause 6.4.13 of the Academic Performance Monitoring Rules:if a student's GPA falls below 1 at the end of the first academic year, the student shall be expelled. Starting from the second academic year, the student's GPA is monitored at the end of each academic semester, and if the GPA falls below 1, the student shall be expelled. In accordance with the Academic Integrity Policy:if a student receives the grade AW in any course three times, the student shall be expelled without the right to re-admission to SDU. In accordance with Clause 2.25 of the Internal Regulation "Tuition Fees": a student shall be expelled if registration renewal is not completed for two consecutive semesters. at the student's own request based on a written application addressed to the Rector of the University; failure to pay tuition fees on time under the contract; transfer to another higher education institution; gross violation of academic rules (non-attendance of classes); violation of the Internal Labor Regulations and the University Charter, including: disrespectful behavior toward faculty members, staff, or students, and the use of obscene language (verbal or written, etc.); intentional destruction of or damage to the property (documents) of the University or any individuals; violation of sanitary and hygiene regulations; knowingly providing false information or submitting forged documents related to the organization and implementation of the educational process; physical assault, coercion, or threats against University employees (including faculty) or students; as well as other cases stipulated by the internal regulations of the University. 6.10. The expulsion of a student is formalized by an order of the Rector of the University. If I transfer from another university, what issues might arise? If certain courses do not match, the issue of grade equivalency is resolved by completing difference courses on a fee-paying basis. If I transfer from another university, what problems can there be? Student grants must be vacant and the student must have a high GPA average. Now there is also a limit on credits as well as on ects? Credit is now calculated by ECTS. In what cases does the university expel a student? If a student has not registered for subjects for two semesters. When does the Military Department start? Where should an SDU student go? SDU University has signed memorandums with four military departments: Al-Farabi Kazakh National University (KazNU) Narxoz University Kazakh National Agrarian Research University (KazNAU) Ablai Khan Kazakh University of Arts, Culture and Language A student may apply to enroll in the Military Department on a voluntary basis. Submission of application documents begins in February of the first year. Training is provided on a fee-paying basis only. Classes at the Military Department are held once per week. Duration of Study:Reserve Lieutenant - 2 years , Junior Reserve Sergeant - 1 year. Do I need to fill out something to go to the 5th course? You do not need to fill in anything, transfer automatically. Is it possible to defend a thesis in the winter of the 5th year? The diploma can be defended at the end of the winter exam. In the summer semester, if you close the retailers, and the dissertation is not ready, the student applies to the dean's office. Is it possible to redefine my old graduation project for a 5th year student? You need to obtain permission from the head of the department and your diploma supervisor. How to find an advisor for define thesis? By the decision of the faculty, the dissertation curator is selected by the student or faculty. What kind of photo can I have on the portal? Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version) Where should the medical certificate be submitted in case of illness? Please complete the "Medical Certificate" QR form available on the website. After that, your medical certificate will be sent to the instructor together with the application.The Google Form must be completed within 3 working days from the date the certificate is issued.The application template is provided in the subject. If I am unable to attend the exam today due to health reasons, will my medical certificate be accepted? Yes, however, the application must обязательно include the name of the course for which the exam was held and the course instructor. The application must be submitted within 3 working days from the given deadline. If the application is approved, the faculty will schedule a new exam date. Can I submit an application without a supporting medical certificate? No, the application is accepted only when submitted together with a medical certificate. What should be done if there is incorrect information in the certificate issued through the portal? What should I do if I do not have the opportunity to submit a second application? If you choose the online option, you will need to wait. If you submitted your documents through the advising desk, you may come to the advising desk. What is Double Degree? SDU students studying in English have the opportunity to participate in the cooperation program of SDU and partner universities in Europe and receive a double diploma "Double degree". Thus, the student receives two diplomas at once (one from the CDU and the other from the partner's university) for periods equal to training in one program. At the moment, SDU offers several "Double degree" training programs for undergraduate and graduate students. Do we have an international exchange program? Yes there is. We are currently cooperating with 47 universities and exchange partners. Do we have an Erasmus scholarship? Due to the pandemic, the Erasmus + exchange has been suspended. In 2022, the office of international relations will resume the exchange under this program. What is exchange? When and how to apply? Exchange / academic mobility is an opportunity to study for 1 academic semester without obtaining a partner's university degree. Applicants can apply for undergraduate students (starting from the second year of the second semester), graduate students (starting from the second semester of the first year), doctoral students (starting from the second year of study, in full agreement with the supervisor). Applications from graduating undergraduate / graduate students are not accepted! To apply, you need to contact the relevant faculties. Each faculty has appointed a responsible International officer. What kind of clubs we have at the university? 27. Sport, IT, LV, Art, Orlean, Dombyra, King^s Speech, Shapagat, Magzhan, International, Book, Mountain Kings, Motion, Language, Event club, Music club, IDC, PandUp, Enactus, QDC, Vision, Unesco, Sana IQ, Panem, RC, Bakersdosen, Zhasa What activities are free for students after paying the student fee? Depends on the event Will there be an initiation for freshmen this year? 19.11-21.11.2021 Can I curse in the university? According to the internal rules of the University student, bad speech is not allowed. At the first contact with a person, can I call informal? If this person is a teacher and he is dissatisfied, what will be the consequences? According to the disciplinary rules of the university, it is necessary to speak with respect and correctly at the university. Can I promote my values to other students? Undergraduates can take courses on explaining complex mathematical disciplines for undergraduates, if they have enough knowledge. How to organize a kofte and maklube? You can order at Ac Catering, and ask Shokan agai for a sweater area, they have a schedule. How to book a barrel to watch a movie? Permission must be obtained from the faculty or the Department of Student Education. According to the internal regulations, students should not be at the university after 19.00. What if social the event with the curator ended late and I am not allowed into the dormitory? You need to notify the teacher / pupil in advance. When and to which higher education institution can a student transfer with a state grant? During the summer and winter breaks, the student must independently inquire with each university whether it is ready to accept the state grant. If the selected university confirms its willingness to accept the student, the application must обязательно state: "with retention of the state grant." Is it possible to transfer to another specialty within the university while maintaining the grant? If so, when can I transfer? If the specialties of one qualification can be transferred with the preservation of the grant. Translation can be done during summer and winter holidays. I am a student on a grant, I finished this semester at A / A-, where can I apply so that I receive an increased state scholarship in the future? You do not need to go anywhere, you will automatically be added to the list of those who will receive high scholarships from the database. What is a presidential scholarship, how can I get it? The Presidential Scholarship is paid only to university students. Typically, it is awarded to students of merit. The President's Scholarship aims to: encouraging students (students, undergraduates) to engage in research activities; support of the most talented and gifted students and undergraduates; assistance in the formation of intellectual potential. When awarding scholarships, selection is made based on the above criteria. Under equal conditions, the following have priority: orphans and children left without parental care; disabled since childhood, disabled children. Does the university have external grants? "SDU grant holders (internal grant). Certain achievements on the part of the university or those who have received a full grant or discount provided as a result of the student's ability assessment. The SDU grant, the SDU grant without the student's admission to the university is certified by a certificate. In matters not related to tuition fees, the University grant holders, along with students studying on a fee-based basis , will have obligations. 2.5. payment for training in installments the amount of wages wages taking into account costs and the size of the growth of the inflation index, as well as in case of devaluation at the state level before the beginning of the next academic year , it may be changed by the decision of the Board of Trustees at least once a year. Payment for new tuition before the start of the next academic year on the university's website , the need to conclude an additional contract in this case does not arise.Tuition fees during the current academic year, unless there is an emergency , will not change. 2.6. elimination of subject differences in the curricula of students is carried out free of charge. 2.7. a student registered for the re-study of a discipline or discipline (retake, upgrade) before the second week of the current semester in the internal documents of the university a full (100%) surcharge in accordance with the established cost of the loan. 2.8. retake of the final exam on the assessment of "FX" on a paid basis within 1 working day after the student's assessment on the university portal is obliged to pay the cost of 1 credit for each subject. If the payment is not made on time, the university portal does not provide an assessment of retaking the exam on a paid basis. Late payment is charged for subsequent periods. 2.9. in case of the opening of an unplanned discipline in the current semester and in accordance with the prerequisites of the students after the benefits are not provided. 2.10. in the summer semester, the above benefits do not apply and full payment is made. 2.11. who has not scored the required GPA and transferred to a course of study previously accepted individual curriculum or a new individual payment according to the curriculum. In this case, the tuition fee is the credit in the recipient's individual curriculum is calculated cumulatively." Does the university offer additional English language courses, and what other languages are available? How much does it cost? Extracurricular English and other language courses are offered. For more information, please contact the Extension Center, room E107. Is there an installment plan for the cost of the CEC course? asiya.izteleuova@sdu.edu.kz +7 727 307 95 65 (ext. 334) Until what date do I need to pay for CEC courses? asiya.izteleuova@sdu.edu.kz +7 727 307 95 65 (ext. 334) What is MDE? MDE is a multidisciplinary educational center that offers intensive courses in various subjects and provides an opportunity to obtain higher education in accordance with the chosen qualification. Many courses at the MDE Center are mandatory, including: Mandatory undergraduate courses: Kazakh language / Russian language Foreign language Philosophy Political Science Cultural Studies Psychology Sociology Physical Education Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) Modern History of Kazakhstan Turkish language Mandatory graduate courses: History and Philosophy of Science Psychology Pedagogy Foreign language Need two MDEs to close? Incorrect question Is studying the Turkish language mandatory? The course "Turkish Language" is a mandatory component of the University; therefore, it is required to be studied in accordance with the curriculum. Who should I contact and where can I ask questions regarding MDE classes? You can contact mde@sdu.edu.kz via email. Why do I need to study MDE 001, MDE 002, MDE 003 courses, and do they affect the scholarship? At SDU University, education is conducted 90% in English. If a student has not reached the required English proficiency level, they will study outside the curriculum on a fee-paying basis , which does not affect their scholarship. What is Beta career? Beta Career is a special course for fourth year students (or third year students coming after college) that covers all elective courses of the penultimate semester (the one before last) of a study program. Beta Career is optional and has its own requirements described in the next sections. The number of students that are admitted to Beta Career is limited. How many credits does Beta Career close? Usually it is 20 ECT for the 4th course and 25 ECT for the students who came after college. Whom should I contact for Beta Career questions? To the coordinator of the Beta Career program. IS and CS have different coordinators starting from this year. What is the difference between an academic beta career and an industrial one? There are three types of Beta Career. Students can choose the one, which suits them, the most. They are the following: Industrial Beta Academic Beta SDU Beta Subsequent sections of this document describe each type of Beta Career in more detail. How is BETA going? The duration of Beta Career is 15 weeks. It starts in September, and ends in December. If I graduated from NIS, will some subjects be closed to me automatically? Or do I have to pass the exam? Will close the subjects that you learned at NIS. How to register for lessons? A student enters the my.sdu.edu.kz portal and signs up for their disciplines. What is QUOTA? A quota is the number of seats allocated for each course based on classroom capacity. What to do if there is not enough quota? You need to contact the chief expert of your faculty. Why does the portal freeze during registration? Since students register at the same time, there may be internet connectivity issues at the University. Where to go when registering if the lessons overlap, but there are no other options? You need to go to the chief expert of the faculty. Where can I find out the logic of registering items? You ask your curator. Where can I see how to register a timetable? Shown on the site. Where you can see a step-by-step explanation of how to register for mail, moodle, portal, lessons, schedule. You can ask the curator. How to use the MOODLE? start by going to moodle.sdu.edu.kz . LMS moodle is a course management system (e-learning), also known as a learning management system or virtual learning environment. On the main page there are video tutorials on using this platform. It is also worth noting that students are automatically registered for the courses they have chosen on the portal. Where can I get an SDU corporate email? In the Student Department, all students are issued an ID card, and accordingly, an email account is created using the ID card number. The email is provided with a temporary password. What is the proper etiquette when communicating with an instructor via email? Email sending time: 8:30 AM - 5:30 PM Email subject Content: greeting, description of the issue/situation, stating the purpose of the email, closing. According to the University's internal regulations, staff and faculty are required to treat students with respect. How to pay to open the portal to press confirm? If the portal is closed according to the academic calendar, you can open it on a paid basis by paying 1 ECTS for a certain period of time. Who should be contacted in case of system errors, such as a non-functioning button or a server crash? helpdesk.sdu.edu.kz → submit a request → my portal( for students) If courses conflict during registration and there is no alternative, whom should I contact? Through your advisor, you should contact the senior specialist who prepares the faculty timetable, or send an email to the faculty. What should I do if I don't have a curator? Please contact the Faculty Senior Advisor. Who is a curator? What duties does he perform, what can I demand from him? Social problems of a student (ethics, behavior, psychological characteristics, etc.) listening, sharing information with the social coordinator; ● Encourage students to actively participate in university activities; ● Organization and participation in various cultural events with students; ● Assistance in registering students on the portal; ● Organization of meetings with students two hours a week; ● Provide students with information about the university, faculty, departments; ● Advising a student on the choice of subjects Who is an advisor? What duties does he perform, what can I demand from him? Social problems of a student (ethics, behavior, psychological characteristics, etc.) listening, sharing information with the social coordinator; ● Encourage students to actively participate in university activities; ● Organization and participation in various cultural events with students; ● Assistance in registering students on the portal; ● Organization of meetings with students two hours a week; ● Provide students with information about the university, faculty, departments; ● Advising a student on the choice of subjects What is the difference between an adviser and a curator? Both are the same person. There is no difference Duties of the curator and when to contact the curator / advisor Social problems of a student (ethics, behavior, psychological characteristics, etc.) listening, sharing information with the social coordinator; ● Encourage students to actively participate in university activities; ● Organization and participation in various cultural events with students; ● Assistance in registering students on the portal; ● Organization of meetings with students two hours a week; ● Provide students with information about the university, faculty, departments; ● Advising a student on the choice of subjects By what means of communication can I contact the curator? You will meet with the curator on academic issues, issues related to admission to disciplines Can parents access any information at the university? According to the contract, the university is authorized to provide parents with information about the student. Is it allowed to call or message the curator after 17:30? According to the university's internal regulations, the working hours of instructors, staff, and advisors are from 08:30 to 17:30; therefore, please refrain from calling after 17:30. What is the etiquette of making a promise with a curator/advisor? In accordance with the internal regulations, a student at a higher educational institution is obliged to respect the respect of his adviser. Can third parties see my grades? According to the contract, your parents may access the information, while other individuals can obtain details about your grades only with your consent. What should I do if an instructor, advisor, or curator does not provide a personal phone number? If an instructor or advisor cannot provide a personal phone number, you may send an email to their internal corporate email address (name.surname@sdu.edu.kz). When do you contact the student department? In cases where you want to: drop out, re-enroll, take an academic break, change your specialty, change the language of your specialty, hand over a certificate of illness, you forgot your password from the portal, mail, to get ID cards, etc. What if the student department got rude? Contact the director of the student services center and tell about problem. What is Moodle? To understand what Moodle is - start by going to moodle.sdu.edu.kz . LMS moodle is a course management system (e-learning), also known as a learning management system or virtual learning environment. In other words, it is a place where teachers send materials, resources on their courses, as well as conduct learning activities (assignments, exams). On the main page there are video tutorials on how to use this platform. It is also worth noting that students are automatically registered for the courses they have chosen on the portal How to enter the moodle? You need to follow the link moodle.sdu.edu.kz . The lecturer does not add to the moodle, the CDL does not answer, what should I do? Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version) How to use Webex? The student only needs to follow the link that the instructor sends. For full use of Webex - it is recommended to install Webex applications (on a mobile device or computer, laptop). Webex functionality is increased on a computer or laptop. If I forgot my moodle password, who should I write to? You can recover your password at password.sdu.edu.kz The lecturer is not added to the moodle, who needs to write? Make a request for helpdesk.sdu.edu.kz , it happens that with a heavy load, support can respond within a few days. If you are physically on campus, you can go to F-105 When are IDs issued? ID card is issued within 2 months after the issuance of the enrollment order. Where is Student Card issued? You get it from the student department When and where will the username and password be sent? It will be sent to the email address you provided when filling out the application (Enroll) after the enrollment order has been issued. What should you do if you forget your portal password? Please email ssc@sdu.edu.kz or visit the Advising Desk (Student Office). I lost my card. What should I do? Submit an application for an ID Card via MY.SDU.PORTAL → Online Services → Student Card. Select Advising Desk as the delivery method. Make a payment of 2000 KZT via Accounting Info or Kaspi QR / Halyk QR. Do college students need to learn English? Despite the high level of English of a student entering after college, a student should study English at the same level. What items are closed? The lessons that were taught in college will be closed. When will the portal be opened for them separately? Due to the student's lateness, the portal system opens individually. Why post-college students are the last to open the portal. The portal system opens to all students at the same time. It is opened separately only in case of late transfer from college. If I graduated from a Nazarbayev Intellectual School (NIS), will some courses be automatically credited, or do I need to take an exam? In accordance with the academic calendar, you must submit an application for grade equivalency, clearly specifying the names of the relevant courses. Why am I enrolled in an 8-semester study program even though I am a college graduate? You need to have at least 60 ECTS credits recognized for equivalency. To do this, you must submit an application for grade equivalency. 60 ECTS corresponds to 2 semesters. Whom should I contact for information about working out? In the career department on the SDU website career@sdu.edu.kz it is necessary to send an email Student Visa Admission to SDU University Registration within 3 working days Read more Student portal Course registration Online Services Advisor and ID Syllabus Webeх and Moodle Contacts If you have any questions related to studies, you can contact: ssc@sdu.edu.kz For accounting-related inquiries, please write to: accounting@sdu.edu.kz For inquiries regarding psychological assistance and support, please contact: psy_center@sdu.edu.kz (Room D-122) School of Social Sciences, Business and Law bs@sdu.edu.kz lss@sdu.edu.kz School of Information Technologies and Applied Mathematics (SITAM) fens@sdu.edu.kz School of Education and Humanities eh@sdu.edu.kz Multidisciplinary Education Center mde@sdu.edu.kz Center for Distance Learning cdl@sdu.edu.kz Scientific Library library@sdu.edu.kz International Relations Department iro@sdu.edu.kz Medical Service Center medpunkt@sdu.edu.kz Technical Support 2026 All rights reserved Almaty region, Karasai district. 040900, city of Kaskelen, st. Abylai Khan 1/1 MAP OF THE SITE JOB AT SDU ONLINE PAYMENT ADMISSIONS SCHOOLS EMERGENCY RULES BEHAVIOUR FOLLOW US +7 (727) 307 95 65 info@sdu.edu.kz IB EDUCATOR CERTIFICATES Contact us Support talented students This program is for outstanding students regardless of their welfare. Eligible students have to demonstrate outstanding academic and social achievements. This program is designed to foster professional and personal development of students by giving full or partial grants or providing dormitory. In order to keep the grant during the whole period of its validity the recipient has to meet certain minimum GPA each semester. Support the faculty (professors) 1. Support Research Internship Program. Faculty members develop academic curriculum and research at the University. Within the framework of this program SDU provides faculty members with the opportunities to do research abroad. Your donations will cover flight expenses, accommodation and monthly salary from 6 months up to 1 year. SDU also invites professors from abroad to share their knowledge and experience with local faculty and students. 2. Support "Zhas maman" Program. "Zhas maman" program is aimed at developing university human capital by selecting the best SDU graduates and helping them start their academic career as teaching assistants. Young specialists are encouraged to do PhD abroad and get rich research experience from prestigious universities. Teaching assistants are provided with scholarships and professional advise from the faculty. Support the University SDU campus is a central place for students educational and recreational activities. University aims to renew its basic infrastructure by building new facilities and substantially renovating existing ones. This includes buildings, roads, utilities, grounds and landscaping, student housing, and information technology resources needed to fully support the University mission. Maintaining up-to-date library resources and research facilities, equipment, and technological tools are also important. FAQ Question? Contact us! infomatrix@sdu.edu.kz What is the main language of competition? Can I present the project in other language? Since Infomatrix Asia is an international project competition and current lingua franca is English language, we decided that everything(documentation, presentation, submission) will be in English. I am from Kazakhstan. Does the participation to Infomatrix allow me not to participate on ENT? Starting from this year, participation doesn't give opportunity get max at ENT. I plan to participate, but school doesn't want to send supervisor. What can I do? All participants who study at secondary school must participate with their supervisors. Due to the security concerns of the participants. If any technical questions occurred... Mail to infomatrx@sdu.edu.kz (Only technical questions) How can I qualify for competition? what is needed? Look carefully at category requirements, but common thing is: great presentation, clear documentation, completed project, short video demonstrating your knowledge of English Participants from Kazakhstan should have participated on regional, city, republic project competitions before. How many teams are qualified to Romania finals? Infomatrix Asia is an independent competition. Therefore, you are free to submit your project to any other competitions. I live in Almaty, therefore, I don't plan to stay in SDU Guest House. Can I pay less, than participation fee? The participation fee is a required fixed cost that covers: transportation, medals, t-shirts, certificates, food, lodging and so on… Accomodation We are inviting participants to stay in our comfortable and modern "Student House" located on the territory of SDU. The student house of Suleyman Demirel University offers students not only accommodation and meals on the territory of the Smart Campus during their studies, but also the opportunity to improve their social skills and strengthen international relationships. Do you need help? Contact us! infomatrix@sdu.edu.kz Бонус ұпай қалай жинауға болады? Қатысушылардың Instagram желісіндегі парақшасында SPT олимпиадасы туралы қызықты әрі креатив пост жариялау арқылы 1-ден 5-ке дейін бонус ұпайға ие болу мүмкіндігі бар. Пост сурет, мәтін немесе видео сияқты кез келген форматта бола алады. Шығармашылық шектеу жоқ, қиялыңа ерік бер! Арманыңды жаз, әңгіме құрастыр, видео түсір, достарыңа мотивация бер, оларды да қатысуға шақыр! Бұл - тіпті қосымша 0,5 ұпайдың грант иесі атануда шешуші рөл атқара алатын тұсы. Сондықтан мұндай тамаша мүмкіндікті міндетті түрде пайдалануға кеңес береміз. Шарттары: Қызықты және креативті пост жариялау (мәтін 50 cөзден кем емес, қатысышының өз атынан жазылады) Cуретте @sdukz белгілеу (tag) Хэштег - #spt2020 #sdukz Пост соңында аты-жөнін, кластер мен ЖСН соңғы 6 цифрін хэштег арқылы көрсету (мысалы, Ахметов Айбек, #Кластер5, #123456). Қатысушы парақшасы 10 наурызға дейін ашық болуы керек. *Посттарды олимпиада ұйымдастырушылары былай бағалайды (жалпы ереже): 1 ұпай: - Пост жарияланған, талаптарға сай; 2 ұпай: - Мәтіні өте жақсы жазылған пост; 3 ұпай: - сапалы түсірілген және монтаждалған видео-пост; 4 және 5 ұпай: - Көп қаралым жинаған, лайк пен комментарий саны көп сапалы пост. Алайда баға беруші посттың сапасына көбірек қарайды. Яғни, тек қана мәтінмен-ақ +5 балл алу мүмкіндігі де бар. Немесе керісінше, көп лайк жинаған пост сапасыз болғандықтан 1 ұпай ғана жинауы мүмкін. Посттар онлайн тіркелу аяқталғанға дейін қабылданады. Kaspi KZ Online payments List of required documents: 3х4cm sized 2 photos; Copy of Medical №086; Copy of National ID; Copy of payment invoice. Send your documents: Boys: Girls: dormservice.boys@mail.ru dormservice.girls@mail.ru Реквизиты Учреждение «Университет имени Сулеймана Демиреля»Кбе 18 БИН 960240000550 KZ136018771000470021 SWIFT HSBKKZKX АО «Народный Банк Казахстана» г.Каскелен, ул.Абылай хана 1/1 Тел. +8/727/ 3079565 Подготовительные курсы Программа Foundation Курсы английского языка Школа математики Докторантура Бизнес школа Факультет Инженерии и естественных наук Факультет Педагогики и гуманитарных наук Факультет Права и социальных наук Магистратура Бизнес школа Факультет Инженерии и естественных наук Факультет Педагогики и гуманитарных наук Факультет Права и социальных наук Бакалавриат Бизнес школа Факультет Инженерии и естественных наук Факультет Педагогики и гуманитарных наук Факультет Права и социальных наук ISPT Registration SDU - Please choose your country of citizenship - Kenya Uganda Tanzania Malawi Indonesia Thailand Mongolia Russian Rederation: Sakha Republic Russian Rederation: Republic of Tatarstan Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan Uzbekistan if your country is not on the list, write yourself Gender Male Female - Please choose the specialty you want to apply - Accounting & Audit Digital Marketing Economics Finance Management Computer Science Information system Mathematical & Computer Modelling Mathematics Applied Philology Chemistry & Biology Two Foreign Languages History Kazakh language & literature Mathematics (pedagogical) Pedagogy & Methods of Primary Education Pedagogy and Psychology Physics & Informatics Preschool Education & Upbringing Social Pedagogy & Self-knowledge Translation studies Applied Law International Law International relations Law of Public Administration Multimedia & TV Journalism Please upload your National ID or Passport Please upload Letter of confirmation from your school or educational institution Send «Болашақ» халықаралық стипендиясының екі дүркін иегері. 2011 жылы Англияның Newcastle университетінің магистратурасын Халықаралық мультимедиалық журналистика мамандығы бойынша бітірген. Ал 2021 жылдың наурыз айында Шотландияның Glasgow университетінде үш жылдан астам уақыт бойы жазған докторлық диссертациясын мерзімінен бұрын сәтті қорғап шықты. 1 айдан кейін оған Медиа және мәдени саясат мамандығы бойынша ресми түрде Философия докторы ғылыми атағы берілді. Dr Әсел негізі 1451 жылы қаланған университеттің Мәдени саясатты зерттеу орталығында (Centre for Cultural Policy Research) қызмет еткен. Аты әлемге әйгілі, nationalism ұғымының Ұлыбританияда негізін қалаушылардың бірі Эрнест Геллнерден тәлім алған Филип Слесинджердің шәкірті. Сондай-ақ, ол магистратура студенттеріне Зерттеу әдістері (Research Methods) пәнінен дәріс оқып, Қазақстаннан тұңғыш рет PhD дәрежесін иеленген маман атанады. Докторлық диссертациясы, «Қазақ киносы және ұлт: сыни талдау» тақырыбы, ұлт құрылысы (nation building) тәсілімдемесі арқылы зерттелген ( Kazakh cinema and the nation: a critical analysis - Enlighten: Theses (gla.ac.uk) ). Ғылыми еңбекте ол қазақ киносына британ әлеуметтанушы Энтони Смиттің энтосимволизм концепциясы бойынша талдау жасап, қазақ халқының ұлт болып қалыптасуына атажұрттық фильмдердің әсері қаншалықты деген сұраққа жан-жақты жауап беруге ұмтылады. Диссертацияның жаңалығы - бұл отандық Еуразия Халықаралық кинофестивалін академиялық тұрғыдан алғаш рет зерттеп, ғылымның фильм фестивальдері (film festival studies) атты жаңа саласына EurIFF ұғымын тұңғыш рет енгізді (бұл турасында ағылшын тілді ғылымда бір де бір диссертацияны айтағанның өзінде, ғылыми орта назар аударарлық мақала да жоқтың қасы). Сонымен қатар, осы саланы зерттеп жүрген әлем зерттеушілеріне қазақ киносын, Қазақстанның халықаралық фестивалін ғылыми еңбегі арқылы танымалдандырды. Бұған дейін Әсел Қамза «Хабар» арнасында 2006-2010 жж. аралығында «Азамат» жастар бағдарламасының редакторы, кейіннен продюсері, «Біз айтсақ…» ток-шоуының шеф-редакторы, қазақ және орыс тілінде хабар таратқан «Бизнес мекен» таңғы бағдарламасының сценарисі қызметін атқарып, ондаған тікелей эфирлерде жұмыс жасап, практик-журналист ретінде тәжірибесін толықтырды. Оның ішінде 2008-2009 жылдары «Қазақстанда жасалған» атты отандық өндірушілерді қолдау мақсатында ашылған тележобаның сценарист-редакторы әрі жүргізушісі болып жұмыс істеген. 2011-2014 жылдары «Қазақстан темір жолы» ҰК» АҚ Ішкі протокол және бұқарамен байланыс департаментінде маман деңгейінен бастап, жарнама бөлімінің бастығы позициясына дейін көтеріліп, 160 000-нан астам қызметкері бар ұлттық компанияның PR стратегиясын дамытып, үйлестіруге үлес қосқан. Сулейман Демирель Университетінде бакалавриат және магистратура шәкірттеріне қазақ және ағылшын тілдерінде Масс коммуникация теориясы, Зерттеу әдістері, Масс коммуникациядағы зерттеу әдістері, Медиа Социология және Бейне композиция пәндерінен сабақ береді. Ұлыбританияда 5 жылға жуық уақыт ішінде жинаған бүкіл өнегесі мен бар тәжірибесін күнделікті дәрісінде пайдалануға тырысады. Студенттеріне сыни ойлауға, сындарлы пікір білдіруге жөн сілтейді. Ғылыми жұмыс жазған кезде, кеңестік кезден келе жатқан дәстүрлі жүйе бойынша, тек ғылыми жетекшінің жөн-жобасын ғана басшылыққа алуды ғана үйретпей, шын мәнінде бүкіл жауапкершілікті өз мойнына алуға, өз бетінше, еркін және тәуелсіз жұмыс істеуге дағдыландырады. Мақалалары отандық ғылыми журналдарда жарық көрген. Қазіргі таңда толерантты журналистика, автобиографиялық фильмдерге қатысты зерттеу жұмыстарымен айналысады. Өмірлік ұстанымы - талап, сапа, нәтиже! Skip to content Open toolbar Режим для слабовидящих Увеличить текст Уменшить текст Оттенки серого Высокий контраст Негативный контраст Светлый фон Подчеркивание ссылок Читаемый шрифт Reset Spelling error report The following text will be sent to our editors: Your comment (optional): Send Cancel