Рус Eng Рус Eng Ask a question Your message has been successfully sent! Your name The field is not filled in correctly Your email The field is not filled in correctly Your comment By submitting this form, you consent to the processing of your personal information Submit Admissions Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs International Master's Programs PhD Programs Short-Term Programs Opportunities for Applicants Important Documents Work at ITMO Current Vacancies How to Work at ITMO as a Foreign Citizen Your ITMO Class Schedules Core Set of ITMO Disciplines My Page Student Life Sports Academic Mobility Students PhD Staff International ITMO At a Glance Departments Research and Educational Partners Associations Contact Us Useful Facts About St. Petersburg FAQ Admissions Bachelor's Programs Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs International Master's Programs PhD Programs Short-Term Programs Opportunities for Applicants Important Documents Do you love science, innovation and entrepreneurship? Did you build your first robot at the age of twelve? Are you dreaming of having your own startup? We train those who will fulfill the professions of the future. That's why our programs blend fundamental scientific knowledge with the latest R&D and new convergent fields. With hands-on experience, practice-oriented training and mentorship by leading international experts in your field, you will be well-equipped to meet tomorrow's challenges. We offer 27 Bachelor's majors taught at 6 academic schools. As of now, all ITMO University Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian (with a range of English-taught courses included in the curriculum), so knowing Russian is one of our admission requirements. If you're interested in improving your Russian language skills, ITMO University offers a special Foundation Program . This intensive Russian course aims to equip you with all the skills needed for studying at a Russian university, also providing you with additional training in the study subjects (options include maths, physics, IT, chemistry, and social studies) ITMO holds admission tests in. Check out our top areas of expertise, including: IT & Programming, Computer Technologies, Photonics, Food Processing, and Innovations. Prepare for lift-off, and launch into the future! Bachelor's Degree Programs Application Guide Choose Your Program ITMO University offers 25 innovative Bachelor's majors in a wide range of contemporary scientific research fields. You can find the full list of programs here . Check Application Deadlines The 2026 application period for tuition-free positions will start on June 20 and end on: July 10 (5 PM, GMT+3) - for those applying via ITMO's internal exams; July 25 (5 PM, GMT+3) - for those applying with Unified State Exam (USE) results or via school competitions. Ranked lists of applicants will be available on the official website and information stands on July 27 . To be enrolled in tuition-free positions, students should confirm their enrollment before: August 1 (12 PM, GMT+3) - for those applying without entrance exams; having special rights; or applying within special admission quotas; August 5 (12 PM, GMT+3) - for those taking entrance exams and competing for positions left vacant after admission of first-priority applicants. Applications for fee-based studies can be submitted until August 18 . Brush Up on Your Russian Language Skills As all ITMO University's Bachelor's programs are currently taught in Russian, you will need to take an entrance exam in Russian. ITMO University offers a special Foundation Program , an intensive Russian course aimed at equipping international students with all the skills needed for passing the entrance examinations. Submit your documents Documents needed : a copy of the document certifying your identity and citizenship (the one you plan to use to enter the country in case of admission); a copy of a notarized Russian translation of your identity document (the pages with your photo, name and surname), if it is not completely in Russian; a copy of your educational documents with an academic transcript indicating the subjects you studied and the grades (points) you received, as well as a notarized Russian translation of these documents, if they are not completely in Russian. Documents obtained in countries other than Russia must be legalized, unless otherwise provided by an international treaty of the Russian Federation or the legislation of the Russian Federation. Taking the entrance examinations Foreign citizens can enroll into tuition-free and fee-based places at ITMO University based on their results of the Unified State Exam or ITMO University's own entrance examinations. Citizens of the Republic of Belarus can apply to the programs based on the results of the Centralized Testing in subjects that correspond to that of entrance examinations. The list of the subjects for the examinations, the programs and the examples of previous years' examination tasks are available on the ITMO admissions website. You can test your knowledge and prepare for the entrance examinations with the help of the special ITMO TEST-DRIVE training project. Prospective students get access to practice tasks in maths, physics, computer science, chemistry and social studies. Apply for a student visa To enter Russia, the majority of international citizens are required to have an official student visa issued by the Russian Consulate in their home country. The visa is valid for up to 90 days. After your arrival in Russia, you need to extend your visa at ITMO's Migration Services Office. Upon their enrollment, ITMO University provides all successful applicants with an official invitation letter needed for applying for a student visa. Processing usually takes at least one month. The invitation will be sent to the email address you indicated in the application form. You will be required to print it and submit it to the Russian Consulate in the country of your residence to receive a student visa. Citizens of the following countries do not require a visa or an invitation: Azerbaijan Armenia Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Tajikistan Uzbekistan Ukraine Georgia Pay the Tuition Fees Students are responsible for paying their tuition fees, airplane tickets, housing and living expenses, as well as health insurance. Tuition fees are calculated based on the cost of the chosen program and housing option, as well as the availability of grants and scholarships. Please visit your chosen program's webpage or contact international@itmo.ru. for more information on the available grants and scholarships. Click here to learn about other opportunities for applicants. Get a Migration Registration All international citizens are required to file for a migration registration upon their arrival in Russia. A migration card is a document certifying an international citizen's stay in Russia. You can ask for a migration card form when boarding your flight to Russia or get it at a special information desk near the passport control. Within three working days , including the day of your arrival, you must visit ITMO University's Migration Services Office (Lomonosova St. 9, room 2139d) to get your migration registration. Please bring the following documents with you: Your passport (or any other document you used to enter the country); Your migration card (not required for citizens of the Republic of Belarus); Your registration at the hotel (if you stayed there before moving to a dormitory). All international citizens also need to have valid health insurance! You can obtain a health insurance policy at any insurance company in St. Petersburg. When obtaining an insurance policy, pay attention to its type (it should be for international students) and coverage territory (it should be St. Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast) . To get a consultation on obtaining a health insurance policy, contact ITMO University's International Students Learning and Support Center ( int.students@itmo.ru , +7 (981) 158-97-78, Lomonosova St. 9, room 2139b). Expand All Bachelor's Programs Do I have to obtain a certified translation of my paperwork in Russia or can I do that in my home country? Certified translations can be obtained in Russia or in any foreign country. Do I need to obtain a notarized copy of my official educational document if it is available in two languages, one being Russian? If the information in your official education document is fully duplicated in Russian, you do not need to obtain a notarized translation or a copy. A regular scanned copy will be sufficient. If, as a foreign citizen, I have taken the Unified State Exam (USE) but am not satisfied with my results, can I still take the entrance exam at ITMO? Starting 2025, foreign citizens can enter educational programs through the results of entrance examinations if they haven't taken the Unified State Exam (USE). The entrance exams are split into groups. Can I take an exam several times? No. The entrance examinations are split in groups to accommodate the applicants' different circumstances. Applicants get to choose the date of each exam, but each exam can only be taken once. Are there any specific requirements for foreign nationals taking the entrance exams? There are no specific requirements for foreign nationals taking the entrance examinations. It is only mandatory that you have your passport based on which you submitted your documents. You also have to have a pen, pencil and paper. The tasks involve no need for a calculator, so you cannot use one. How long do the exams take? With the exception of Computer Science, all the exams last 1.5 hours. The Computer Science exam lasts 2 hours. Is there a way to take the exam in my own country? We do not carry out exams or tests abroad. However, there are various international entrance competitions held fully online. You can read more about them here . How can I take the entrance examinations remotely? After the Admission Office received an applicant's documents as indicated in the Application Guide, their personal file is activated. Among other things, this means that they are admitted for participation in the online entrance examinations. Several days before the exam, a mailout will be sent containing the instructions regarding the online entrance examinations' procedure and other important information. Do foreign citizens have the right to apply for tuition-free positions? Citizens of Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan, as well as compatriots residing in the CIS countries can apply to tuition-free positions along with Russian citizens. Citizens of other countries can only apply for fee-based or government quota positions. How can I confirm my status of a compatriot? When submitting your paperwork, fill in a request form and provide documents proving that your ancestral relatives were citizens of the USSR (Your birth certificate with a translation, passport with a translation and a birth certificate of one of the USSR-born relatives). If the relative has had a change of surname, you must also provide a document to prove that (a translated copy of a marriage certificate). How many points should I score to be admitted? The higher is your entrance examinations score and the more achievements you have, the better are your chances to be admitted. The minimum required for the prospective Bachelor's students applying on the basis of the Unified State Exam can be found here . ITMO University offers a wide range of opportunities for applicants if you want to boost your score or enroll at ITMO with no exams or tuition fees. How many specializations can I apply to? In 2025, applicants can choose up to five specializations in their application, compared to four last year. Can I stay at the dorms during my entrance exams? The entrance examinations are held online, so temporary accommodation in ITMO University's dormitories is not provided. Are international students provided accommodation in the dorms? All foreign citizens are provided accommodation in the dorms as required. You can read more about our dorms here . Still got questions? International students at ITMO Lomonosova St. 9, office 2139b, St. Petersburg, Russia, 191002 International Students Learning and Support Center int.students@itmo.ru +7 (812) 480-09-12; +7 (812) 480-09-19 Content © 1993-2021 ITMO University Development © 2021 ITMO University ITMO.NEWS Entrance Competition (Bachelor's programs) International Competition (Master's programs) Summer & Winter Schools ITMO Fellowship Program Class schedules At a Glance Departments Research and Educational Partners Associations We are in social networks: Contacts General regulations of Information Use Privacy Policy