Рус Eng Рус Eng Ask a question Your message has been successfully sent! Your name The field is not filled in correctly Your email The field is not filled in correctly Your comment By submitting this form, you consent to the processing of your personal information Submit Admissions Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs International Master's Programs PhD Programs Short-Term Programs Opportunities for Applicants Important Documents Work at ITMO Current Vacancies How to Work at ITMO as a Foreign Citizen Your ITMO Class Schedules Core Set of ITMO Disciplines My Page Student Life Sports Academic Mobility Students PhD Staff International ITMO At a Glance Departments Research and Educational Partners Associations Contact Us Useful Facts About St. Petersburg FAQ Admissions Opportunities for Applicants Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs International Master's Programs PhD Programs Short-Term Programs Opportunities for Applicants Important Documents Greetings to our coolest, smartest, most talented prospective international students! Want to enroll at ITMO with no exams or tuition fees (or both) involved? We offer a world of such opportunities, both for Bachelor's and Master's studies. Whether you're a maths or programming ace, a Russian language connoisseur, or a prospective student with unique accomplishments, you'll find something for you! Read more about our education system on the Study in Russia website or ITMO NEWS . Here you go! OPPORTUNITIES FOR BACHELOR'S PROGRAM APPLICANTS Government Scholarship Foreign citizens have the right to enroll in tuition-free positions of ITMO University's Bachelor's programs through the Rossotrudnichestvo federal agency as part of a Russian Government scholarship. You can submit your application via the state information platform Education in Russia . For other questions, please contact the Rossotrudnichestvo office at the Russian Embassy or a Russian House (Russian Center of Science and Culture) in your country or call the Rossotrudnichestvo hotline at +7 (985) 870-21-27 to learn more about the government scholarship for international students. Your application should include: a 3x4 cm photo; a scanned copy of your ID (passport); a scanned copy of your degree certificate or certificate of study with grades; All the listed documents must be translated into Russian and notarized. ITMO University only participates in the second selection stage. This means that the university only accepts or rejects applications that have passed Rossotrudnichestvo's selection process. Many CIS countries distribute their scholarships independently and collect the approved candidates' applications and other paperwork in preparation for the second stage. In its consideration of the applications, the University assesses the following: the candidates' current academic performance: their academic transcript with an emphasis on their average score and proficiency in the subjects relevant to their chosen area of study; personal achievements: certificates and diplomas of recent competitions, publications, participation in conferences; participation in various scientific and educational programs. As of now, the University does not receive information about the points acquired through Rossotrudnichestvo's exams. Once their application has been approved, the candidate receives an educational invitation, which allows them to be enrolled on the date of their arrival to the university (regardless of deadlines of the general admissions campaign and without additional exams). A visa invitation should also become available in the Rossotrudnichestvo system, which the candidate can use to request a student visa at their nearest Russian Embassy/Consulate. At the moment of enrollment, the candidate must choose an educational program from the list of programs in their chosen subject area. In the course of their education, students enrolled on the government scholarship can only transfer between programs within the scope of their subject area. ITMO.STARS Contest Are you a talented and motivated prospective Bachelor's student with a good command of Russian and a desire to study at the world-class education and research center that is ITMO University? ITMO.STARS contest gives you a one-off opportunity to get free tuition at the program of your choice. Please note that the contest is held in Russian. Learn more! Open Doors Scholarship Project for Prospective Bachelor's Students International academic competition Open Doors gives international prospective Bachelor's students a unique opportunity of early enrollment in one of ITMO University's cutting-edge Bachelor's programs without entrance examinations and with tuition fees covered by the Russian Federation's state funding. All of the competition rounds are held online, and it is open for participation to citizens of any country in the world (except Russia). Submit your portfolio, solve competition tasks, and be the first to get admitted to ITMO University's Bachelor's program of your choice! Learn more! OPPORTUNITIES FOR MASTER'S PROGRAM APPLICANTS Government Scholarship Foreign citizens have the right to enroll in tuition-free positions of ITMO University's Master's programs through the Rossotrudnichestvo federal agency as part of a Russian Government scholarship. You can submit your application via the state information platform Education in Russia . For other questions, please contact the Rossotrudnichestvo office at the Russian Embassy or a Russian House (Russian Center of Science and Culture) in your country or call the Rossotrudnichestvo hotline at +7 (985) 870-21-27 to learn more about the government scholarship for international students. Your application should include: a 3x4 cm photo; a scanned copy of your ID (passport); a scanned copy of your degree certificate or certificate of study with grades; All the listed documents must be translated into Russian and notarized. ITMO University only participates in the second selection stage. This means that the university only accepts or rejects applications that have passed Rossotrudnichestvo's selection process. Many CIS countries distribute their scholarships independently and collect the approved candidates' applications and other paperwork in preparation for the second stage. In its consideration of the applications, the University assesses the following: the candidates' current academic performance: their academic transcript with an emphasis on their average score and proficiency in the subjects relevant to their chosen area of study; personal achievements: certificates and diplomas of recent competitions, publications, participation in conferences; participation in various scientific and educational programs. As of now, the University does not receive information about the points acquired through Rossotrudnichestvo's exams. Once their application has been approved, the candidate receives an educational invitation, which allows them to be enrolled on the date of their arrival to the university (regardless of deadlines of the general admissions campaign and without additional exams). A visa invitation should also become available in the Rossotrudnichestvo system, which the candidate can use to request a student visa at their nearest Russian Embassy/Consulate. At the moment of enrollment, the candidate must choose an educational program from the list of programs in their chosen subject area. In the course of their education, students enrolled on the government scholarship can only transfer between programs within the scope of their subject area. Open Doors Scholarship Project for Prospective Master's Students International academic competition Open Doors gives international prospective Master's students a unique opportunity of early enrollment in one of ITMO University's cutting-edge Master's programs without entrance examinations and with tuition fees covered by the Russian Federation's state funding. All of the competition rounds are held online, and it is open for participation to citizens of any country in the world (except Russia). Submit your portfolio, solve competition tasks, and be the first to get admitted to ITMO University's Master's program of your choice! Learn more! Portfolio Contest Developed by ITMO in collaboration with leading universities from all over the world, our International Master's programs aim to deliver knowledge and experience in a global environment. By participating in our Portfolio contest for international prospective Master's students, you can be enrolled into one of these innovative Master's programs without having to go through additional admissions tests. A golden opportunity if there ever was one! Learn more! OPPORTUNITIES FOR PhD PROGRAM APPLICANTS Open Doors Scholarship Project for Prospective PhD Students The Open Doors international academic competition for international prospective PhD students is supported by the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation. The competition is organized by the Association of Global Universities. ITMO University is a co-organizer of the competition and has been an active contributor to the project since its inception. Click here to learn more about ITMO University, and here to discover beautiful St. Petersburg, the home of ITMO. In 2024 two new tracks were added to the competition for Bachelor's students and postdoctoral researchers. Winners of the PhD track will be able to study for free on postgraduate programs at ITMO University. Learn more! Content © 1993-2021 ITMO University Development © 2021 ITMO University ITMO.NEWS Entrance Competition (Bachelor's programs) International Competition (Master's programs) Summer & Winter Schools ITMO Fellowship Program Class schedules At a Glance Departments Research and Educational Partners Associations We are in social networks: Contacts General regulations of Information Use Privacy Policy