en.itmo.ru +7 (812) 480-0-480 international@itmo.ru Рус Bachelor's programs Master's programs PhD programs START HERE Bachelor's programs Master's programs General information PhD programs Apply Bachelor's programs AI360: ML Native Information Technologies and Programming Faculty Format of study full-time Language russian Place of study st. petersburg, russia Outcome (diploma/credits) bachelor of science Duration 4 year Annual tuition fee 679 000 ₽ Application deadline 18 august 2026 Special features Joint programs, AI-focused programs, Top DS* Program manager Tatyana Vladimirovna Kharchenko kharchenko@itmo.ru +7 (951) 671-29-16 Follow us on social media VK Website Subject areas 01.03.02 Applied Mathematics and Computer Science 180 Tuition-free 140 Fee-based About the program Funded by Yandex and Sberbank, the program trains experts who can create new core ML models, architectures, and algorithms. During your studies, you'll be trained to develop innovative ML models and conduct AI research, acquire expertise in mathematical analysis, algorithms, data structures, and MLOps, and learn to produce solutions in the fields of generative technologies, large language models, computer vision, and autonomic systems. The program will start with fundamental mathematics and programming followed by AI courses, optional courses, and business cases in your third year. Over the course of your training, you'll also study the world's best practices in AI and take part in international conferences. All students from the first to the fourth year receive a monthly stipend of 40,000 rubles. The curriculum is developed by top-tier AI researchers and developers from Yandex, Sberbank, the School of Data Analysis, and other partner universities. Advantages applied and research projects under the guidance of Yandex and Sberbank experts; preparation for publications in A and A* conferences; interuniversity modules and optional courses for a deeper immersion. Show all Program partners Program team Show all Curriculum Explore your curriculum (in Russian) to see what you will study DOWNLOAD CURRICULUM ADMISSION OPPORTUNITIES Government Scholarship ITMO.STARS VIA ENTRANCE EXAMS KEY DATES OPEN DOORS SCHOLARSHIP PROJECT FOR PROSPECTIVE BACHELOR'S STUDENTS International students can study tuition-free by securing a scholarship through the Rossotrudnichestvo federal agency as part of a Russian Government scholarship. Applications can be submitted to the Rossotrudnichestvo office at a Russian Embassy/Consulate or an office of the Russian Center of Science and Culture. Visit our international website for more information. International students can study tuition-free by securing a scholarship through the Rossotrudnichestvo federal agency as part of a Russian Government scholarship. Applications can be submitted to the Rossotrudnichestvo office at a Russian Embassy/Consulate or an office of the Russian Center of Science and Culture. Visit our international website for more information. International students can study tuition-free by securing a scholarship through the Rossotrudnichestvo federal agency as part of a Russian Government scholarship. Applications can be submitted to the Rossotrudnichestvo office at a Russian Embassy/Consulate or an office of the Russian Center of Science and Culture. Visit our international website for more information. International students can study tuition-free by securing a scholarship through the Rossotrudnichestvo federal agency as part of a Russian Government scholarship. Applications can be submitted to the Rossotrudnichestvo office at a Russian Embassy/Consulate or an office of the Russian Center of Science and Culture. Visit our international website for more information. International students can study tuition-free by securing a scholarship through the Rossotrudnichestvo federal agency as part of a Russian Government scholarship. Applications can be submitted to the Rossotrudnichestvo office at a Russian Embassy/Consulate or an office of the Russian Center of Science and Culture. Visit our international website for more information. International opportunities ITMO supports and encourages students to participate in online and offline educational events in Russia and abroad. We also count 70+ leading scientific institutions around the world among our partners. You can apply for participation in online and offline conferences, seminars, schools, crash courses, competitions, championships, research internships, and other events in Russia and abroad that are organized by ITMO's partner universities as well as other scientific and educational organizations. Show all All opportunities Educational events and internships Want to take part in a conference, summer school, or seminar abroad? ITMO University will cover up to 70% of your expenses. Semester exchange / Study abroad Found an interesting program in another country and want to go on an exchange semester? Tell us why you chose it and receive financial support. Study Abroad at Home Get your international learning experience without leaving ITMO: study in English with international students from all over the world! Buddy System From your first day at ITMO as an international student you will be supported by a buddy - another student, who will help you settle in, solve any issue, and explore the city! Maybe one day you, too, will want to support a newcomer at ITMO and get to share your experience as their buddy. You can learn more about the opportunity here Similar programs Computer Technologies 01.03.02 Applied Mathematics and Computer Science Software Engineering 09.03.02 Information Systems and Technologies AI Engineering 11.03.02 Infocommunication Technologies and Communication Systems St. Petersburg, Russia, 197101, Kronverksky Prospekt 49, bldg.A (entrance from Sytninskaya St.) Menu Personal data policy ITMO University © 1993 - 2026