Рус Eng Рус Eng Ask a question Your message has been successfully sent! Your name The field is not filled in correctly Your email The field is not filled in correctly Your comment By submitting this form, you consent to the processing of your personal information Submit Admissions Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs International Master's Programs PhD Programs Short-Term Programs Opportunities for Applicants Important Documents Work at ITMO Current Vacancies How to Work at ITMO as a Foreign Citizen Your ITMO Class Schedules Core Set of ITMO Disciplines My Page Student Life Sports Academic Mobility Students PhD Staff International ITMO At a Glance Departments Research and Educational Partners Associations Contact Us Useful Facts About St. Petersburg FAQ Admissions Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs International Master's Programs PhD Programs Short-Term Programs Opportunities for Applicants Important Documents Open Doors: Russian Scholarship Project. Bachelor's track Open Doors: Russian Scholarship Project is your chance for an early admission to a tuition-free Bachelor's program at one of the leading universities in Russia. The OpenDoors competition has been held annually since 2017. The contest annually draws more than 150,000 participants from 185 countries. It is organized by the Association of Global Universities , a consortium of leading Russian universities , and is supported by the Russian Ministry of Science and Higher Education and Rossotrudnichestvo . ITMO University is a co-organizer of the competition and has been an active contributor to the project since its very beginning. ITMO is one of the leading universities in Russia; it occupies high positions in international rankings and attracts students from all over the world . Click here to learn more about the university, and here to discover the beautiful city of St. Petersburg, the home of ITMO. The competition is open to foreign citizens and stateless persons, including compatriots living abroad, having a secondary education or completing it (for the Bachelor's track), having a Bachelor's degree or completing a Bachelor's degree program (for the Master's track), having a Master's or Specialist's degree (for the PhD track), or having a PhD or a candidate/doctor of science degree (for the postdoc track). Registration and more info is available via the Open Doors' website , VK page , and Telegram channel . The competition has four tracks: for Bachelor's , Master's and PhD students and for postdoctoral researchers. Participation is free of charge and the competition is held online. The working languages are English and Russian. Winners of the relevant track will be able to study for free at ITMO University. THE COMPETITION FOR THE BACHELOR'S TRACK IS HELD IN THE FOLLOWING SUBJECT AREAS: Business & Management Biology & Biotechnology Engineering & Technology Clinical Medicine & Public Health Computer & Data Science Linguistics & Modern Languages Earth & Environmental Sciences for Sustainability Education & Psychology Politics & International Studies Applied Mathematics & Artificial Intelligence Urbanism & Civil Engineering Physical Sciences & Technology Chemistry & Materials Science Economics & Econometrics IMPORTANT DATES The selection process for the Bachelor's track has two rounds: The first (selection) stage - a competition of portfolios and entrance testing on November 2-12, 2026. The second stage - a problem-solving challenge (test) from November 17 to December 7, 2026. You can submit your application (which implies registering on the competition's website and completing a portfolio in the chosen subject area) on the official website of the competition . THE COMPETITION'S ADVANTAGES Open Doors is an online competition, so you don't have to go anywhere to participate or to submit your documents to be enrolled in a Bachelor's program if you win; The competition is held both in Russian and English, so you can choose the language you're more comfortable with; The winners are granted free tuition at Russia's best universities; You can participate in several subject areas at the same time. COMPETITION WINNERS Learn the stories of competition winners who were accepted to ITMO University: Abdallah Essa, Egypt Talha Ameen, Pakistan Bakhtiar Rasheed, Pakistan USEFUL LINKS Research laboratories Research projects Services for ITMO students Career prospects International opportunities for ITMO students ITMO University's Bachelor's programs for winners Business & Management program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 27.03.05 Innovation Science Technologies and Innovations 38.03.05 Business Informatics Business Informatics and Data-Driven Management 45.03.04 Intelligent Systems in Humanities Language Models and Artificial Intelligence Biology & Biotechnology program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 12.03.04 Biotechnical Systems and Technologies 18.03.02 Energy- and Resource Saving Processes in Chemical Technology, Petroleum Chemistry and Biotechnology Bioengineering 19.03.01 Biotechnology Biotechnology Engineering & Technology program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 15.03.04 Automation of Technological Processes and Production 15.03.06 Mechatronics and Robotics 13.03.02 Electric Power Industry and Electrical Engineering 27.03.04 Technical Systems Management 12.03.01 Instrumentation Robotics and Artificial Intelligence Computer & Data Science program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 02.03.03 Software and Administration of Information Systems 11.03.02 Infocommunication Technologies and Communication Systems AI Engineering DevOps in Development and Management of Information Systems Game Development Technologies 09.03.01 Computer Science and Computing Hardware Computer Systems and Technologies 09.03.03 Applied Computer Science Mobile and Online Technologies 09.03.04 Software Engineering Computer Technologies in Design Neurotechnologies and Programming System and Applied Software 10.03.01 Information Security Earth & Environmental Sciences for Sustainability program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 05.03.06 Ecology and Natural Resource Management Ecotechnologies and Sustainable Development Applied Mathematics & AI program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 02.03.03 Software and Administration of Information Systems 11.03.02 Infocommunication Technologies and Communication Systems AI Engineering Game Development Technologies 09.03.01 Computer Science and Computing Hardware Computer Systems and Technologies 15.03.04 Automation of Technological Processes and Production 15.03.06 Mechatronics and Robotics Robotics and Artificial Intelligence 45.03.04 Intelligent Systems in Humanities Language Models and Artificial Intelligence Urbanism & Civil Engineering program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 27.03.05 Innovation Studies Innovative Technologies for Smart Cities Physical Sciences & Technology program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 03.03.02 Physics 16.03.01 Physics and Engineering Theoretical and Experimental Physics Wireless Technologies 12.03.03 Photonics and Optoinformatics Physics of Nanostructures Photonics and Optoinformatics 12.03.05 Laser Engineering and Laser Technologies Laser Technologies Chemistry & Materials Science program track Please note that all Bachelor's programs are taught in Russian. 04.03.01 Chemistry 18.03.01 Chemical Engineering Infochemistry Open Doors. Bachelor's track What is a subject area of the Open Doors international academic competition? A subject area of the Open Doors international academic competition is a scientific or academic field you as a prospective Bachelor's student would like to specialize in. Can't decide which subject area suits you best? Apply for participation in two (three, four, ten) subject areas in one go! How is the Open Doors international academic competition for the Bachelor's track is carried out? The Open Doors international academic competition is held in two rounds . The first (selection) stage - a competition of portfolios and entrance testing on November 2-12, 2026. You will need to choose a subject area (or several subject areas), register on the competition's website and upload your achievements (diplomas, certificates, grants and publications) in each chosen subject area. Study the list of Bachelor's programs available to the competition winners above, pick those you like the most, and check if you submitted a portfolio for a corresponding subject area. The results of the first round are decided by an expert jury consisting of representatives of Russia's leading universities. The participants with the most achievement-heavy portfolios are admitted to the second round. The second stage - a problem-solving challenge (test) from November 17 to December 7, 2026. Your final result is the total of points you've received in the first and second rounds. Who wins the Open Doors international academic competition? The participants with the most points after the two rounds will make it to the top-25% of the ranked list of the Open Doors international academic competition winners. What is the prize for the Open Doors international academic competition winners? More than 800 Bachelor's places at Russia's leading universities have been allocated to the Open Doors international academic competition winners. They will be granted free tuition for the duration of their studies. In case the chosen Bachelor's program is held in Russian, the winners will also receive free Russian language training as part of ITMO University's Foundation program . Does the university provide dormitories for international students? All international students are provided accommodation in the university's dorms as required. Get familiar with our dorms through our website and housing tour videos for dorms on Belorusskaya St. , Alpiysky Ln. , Vyazemsky Ln , and Lensoveta St . In addition, ITMO students can opt to rent rooms through the ITMO.Aparts service. Still got questions? Open Doors academic competition. Bachelor's track Lomonosova St. 9, office 2139b, St. Petersburg, Russia, 191002 International Students Learning and Support Center int.students@itmo.ru Content © 1993-2021 ITMO University Development © 2021 ITMO University ITMO.NEWS Entrance Competition (Bachelor's programs) International Competition (Master's programs) Summer & Winter Schools ITMO Fellowship Program Class schedules At a Glance Departments Research and Educational Partners Associations We are in social networks: Contacts General regulations of Information Use Privacy Policy