Aller au contenu principal Other websites UFR Droit Economie Management UFR Médecine UFR Pharmacie UFR Sciences UFR Sciences du Sport IUT Cachan IUT Orsay IUT Sceaux Polytech Université Paris-Saclay AgroParisTech CentraleSupélec ENS Paris-Saclay Institut d'Optique Accessibility Accessibility English en Français English Other websites UFR Droit Economie Management UFR Médecine UFR Pharmacie UFR Sciences UFR Sciences du Sport IUT Cachan IUT Orsay IUT Sceaux Polytech Université Paris-Saclay AgroParisTech CentraleSupélec ENS Paris-Saclay Institut d'Optique Accessibility Accessibility English en Français English Admissions Admissions Applying for undergraduate programmes Student registration Applying for Master's programmes Applying for a PhD International students Tuition fees Scholarships and financial support Education Education Choose your programme French Higher Education System Master's programmes taught in English Undergraduate programmes Master's programmes Student entrepreneurship at Université Paris-Saclay Summer Schools Internationalisation, languages and cultures Educational initiatives and innovation Research Research Themes and organisation Doctorate Pascal Institute Poléthis - Ethics and Integrity At your service International programmes Research programmes Researcher Portraits Open science Collaborations Collaborations International Expertise and skills Design Campus life Campus life Scholarships and financial aid International welcome desk Accommodation International mentoring programme Digital services Arts and sport Libraries Students with disabilities Catering services Student health services About About About us Campus maps Equality - Diversity - Inclusion - Disability The Université Paris-Saclay alumni network Université Paris-Saclay Scientific Framework Governance Media Search Menu principal Retourner au haut de la page Home admissions Applying for undergraduate programmes Applying for undergraduate programmes Print this article Share Twitter Facebook Linkedin Par mail Are you a foreign student who would like to apply for an undergraduate degree at Université Paris-Saclay? Do you want to know how to apply to a French university for the first time? It will depend on your nationality, your country of residence and the courses you choose. These different sections will help you to better understand the French education system and the application procedures according to your situation. 'Differentiated tuition fees' for non-EU students Please go to this page . APPLICATION PROCEDURE The procedure to follow for your application will depend on your situation. Follow the application process step by step. Application for the first year of a Licence (undergraduate degree) L1 You are a student who holds or will hold a French or European baccalaureate (BAC). Whatever your nationality, if you have a French or European BAC, you should apply via ParcourSup . This application procedure is compulsory for applying for Université de Paris-Saclay courses. Where can I find information about Licence 1 undergraduate courses? All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, ' choose your course You are a foreign student from the EU, the EEA, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra. Students from the EU, the EEA, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra follow the same procedure as French students when enrolling in the first year of a Licence at a French higher education institution. You are eligible if you are from: A country in the European Union A country in the European Economic Area: European Union, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein Switzerland Monaco or Andorra You must apply on the platform ParcourSup Foreign students from the EU, EEA, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra wishing to enter French higher education from the first year of a Licence undergraduate degree course must apply via the ParcourSup platform. This application procedure is compulsory for applying for Université de Paris-Saclay courses. Where can I find information about Licence 1 undergraduate courses? All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, ' choose your course You live in a country covered by the Études en France programme. You do not have a French or European BAC, you are a foreign student who is not a national of the E.U., the E.E.E., the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra and you reside in a country covered by the Etudes en France (Eef - Studying in France) programme. The Études en France platform is an online process which makes it possible to manage all the steps involved in enrolling in a higher education establishment through to visa application. Please go to the Campus France website to find out more. The Campus France office for your country is there to help you with your application. Click here to find the Campus France office closest to you. All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, 'choose your course' and in the list on Campus France (click on the Paris region then on Université Paris-Saclay (formerly Paris-Sud) and select the course of your choice). Your country of residence is not covered by the Études en France programme. You do not have a French or European BAC, you are a foreign student who is not a national of the E.U., the E.E.E., the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra and you do not reside in a country covered by the Etudes en France (Eef - Studying in France) programme. You must complete a Preliminary Request for Admission (Demande d'Admission Préalable) (DAP) to apply for the first year of a Licence 1 at Université Paris-Saclay. What is a Preliminary Request for Admission (DAP)? The Preliminary Request for Admission is a process for entering the first year at a French university or for entering a School of Architecture. Which Preliminary Request for Admission (DAP) should I complete? DAP - Dossier blanc (white) : The Dossier Blanc (white) is for applicants who are not French nationals, who do not hold or will not hold a French or European baccalaureate and who live abroad. DAP - Dossier vert (green) : The Dossier vert (green) is for applicants who are not French nationals, who do not hold or will not hold a French or European baccalaureate and who are currently resident in France. When should the Preliminary Request for Admission be submitted? This request must be made between the November and January preceding the academic year in which you wish to start your studies in France. Please go to the Ministry website to find the exact dates. Where should I submit my Preliminary Request Admission? DAP - Dossier blanc (white) : Requests should be submitted to the Cooperation and Cultural Action Department of the French Embassy in your country of residence. DAP - Dossier vert (green) : Requests should be submitted or sent to the university of your choice. If you want to submit a file at Université Paris Saclay, it should be sent to the Registrar's Office of the Faculty concerned: UFR DROIT ECONOMIE GESTION UFR PHARMACIE UFR SCIENCES UFR SCIENCES DU SPORT UFR MEDECINE IUT CACHAN IUT ORSAY IUT SCEAUX Université Membre-Associée: Université d'Evry Val-d'Essonne Université Membre-Associée: UVSQ Where are the courses offered in L1 listed? All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, 'choose your course' and in the list on Campus France (click on the Paris region then onUniversité Paris-Saclay (formerly Paris-Sud) and select the course of your choice). Applying for the first year of a selective university study track DEUST (Scientific and Technical University Diploma), B.U.T. (Undergraduate Degree in Technology), Licences Double-Diplôme (Undergraduate Joint Degrees) You are a student who holds or will hold a French or European baccalaureate (BAC). You are a student who holds or will hold a French or European baccalaureate (BAC). Whatever your nationality, if you have a French or European BAC, you should apply via ParcourSup . This application procedure is compulsory for applying for Université de Paris-Saclay courses. Where are the courses offered in the first year of a selective university study track listed? (IUT (Technical Institutes), DEUST (Scientific and Technical University Diploma), BUT/DUT (Undergraduate Degree in Technology/Diploma in Technological Studies), licences double-diplômes (Undergraduate Joint Degrees) All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, ' choose your course You are a European student You are a foreign student from the EU, the EEA, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra. Students from the EU, the EEA, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra follow the same process as French students when enrolling in the first year of a Licence at a French higher education institution. You are eligible if you are from: Countries in the European Union Countries in the European Economic Area: European Union, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein You must apply on the ParcourSup platform: Foreign students from the EU, EEA, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra wishing to enter French higher education from the first year of a selective university study track listed (IUT (Technical Institutes), DEUST (Scientific and Technical University Diploma), BUT/DUT (Undergraduate Degree in Technology/Diploma in Technological Studies), licences double-diplômes (Undergraduate Joint Degrees) must apply via the ParcourSup platform. This application procedure is compulsory for applying for Université de Paris-Saclay courses. Where are the courses offered in the first year of a selective university study track listed? (IUT (Technical Institutes), DEUST (Scientific and Technical University Diploma), BUT/DUT (Undergraduate Degree in Technology/Diploma in Technological Studies), licences double-diplômes (Undergraduate Joint Degrees) All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, ' choose your course You live in a country covered by the Études en France programme. You do not have a French or European BAC, you are a foreign student who is not a national of the E.U., the E.E.E., the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra and you reside in a country covered by the Etudes en France (Eef - Studying in France) programme. The Études en France platform is an online process which makes it possible to manage all the steps involved in enrolling in a higher education establishment through to visa application. Please go to the Campus France website to find out more. The Campus France office for your country is there to help you with your application. Click here < to find the Campus France office closest to you. All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, ' choose your course ' and in the list on Campus France (click on the Paris region then on Université Paris-Saclay (formerly Paris-Sud) and select the course of your choice). Your country of residence is not covered by the Études en France programme. You do not have a French or European BAC, you are a foreign student who is not a national of the E.U., the E.E.E., the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra and you do not reside in a country covered by the Etudes en France (Eef - Studying in France) initiative. You must apply on the ParcourSup platform Applications for selective university study tracks are made online via the ParcourSup website for applicants who do not reside in a country with a CampusFrance office for the Etudes en France (Studying in France) programme. This application procedure is compulsory for applying for Université de Paris-Saclay courses. Where are the courses offered in the first year of a selective university study track listed? (IUT (Technical Institutes), DEUST (Scientific and Technical University Diploma), BUT/DUT (Undergraduate Degree in Technology/Diploma in Technological Studies), licences double-diplômes (Undergraduate Joint Degrees). All courses can be seen in the 'Courses' section, ' choose your course Application for the second or third year of a Licence (undergraduate degree) L2 or L3 You live in a country covered by the Études en France programme. The application procedure for international students to L2 and L3 takes place in 2 steps. Step 1 All applicants, including international applicants can apply to Université Paris-Saclay on the platform e C andidat . Use the platform to: Apply for a course at Université de Paris-Saclay. Follow the progress of your application. Confirm or withdraw in the event of admission. To do this, you need to create your account, complete your application form then select the course you want. Apply on eCandidat Step 2 After receiving approval for admission from Université Paris-Saclay. You must create your account on the Études en France portal and complete your application using the 'I have been accepted' tab. We provide you with a document so that you can follow the process step by step. Your country of residence is not covered by the Études en France programme. The application procedure for international students to L2 and L3 is as follows; All applicants, including international applicants can apply to Université Paris-Saclay on the platform eCandidat. Use the platform to: Apply for a course at Université de Paris-Saclay. Follow the progress of your application. Confirm or withdraw in the event of admission. To do this, you need to create your account, complete your application form then select the course you want. In addition, you must begin the visa application process 3 months before your arrival in France. For further information, see our digital tool " e-international welcome office '" and contact the Campus France office in your country. Apply on eCandidat ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Reorientation for international students As part of a reorientation, if you can prove that you have student status because you are enrolled in a post-baccalaureate course without a gap year in a French educational establishment (including if you are following a correspondence course), whatever the course (BTS (National Higher Education technology Diploma), BUT (Undergraduate Degree in Technology, CPGE (Preparatory Courses for Admission to the Scientific Grandes Écoles), etc.), the status of the establishment (EPLE (Local Public Educational Institution, EPSCP (Public Scientific, Cultural or Professional Establishment), universities, private establishments under a contract of association, private establishments without a contract), and the Ministry that supervises the course, you are covered by the following process ParcourSup. Please note: if you are enrolled in a French university as an 'auditeur libre' (attending as an observer), you should know that this course is not considered as a post-baccalaureate course with student status. Consequently, if you wish to enrol in the first year of a Bachelor's degree at a French university, you will not be covered by the ParcourSup process and will have to apply according to the time frame and process for requesting a Preliminary Request for Admission (DAP) by following the link below . United Kingdom nationals If you are a student from the United Kingdom, you must follow the Parcoursup process to enrol in the first year of higher education at the start of the academic year 2022. However, following the BREXIT agreement of 31 December 2021, if you receive an offer of admission to a higher education course in France, you will have to apply for a long-stay visa as a residence permit (check of supporting documents + submission of the file to the consular service) via the Etudes en France (Studying in France) platform in order to continue your studies in France: https://pastel.diplomatie.gouv.fr/etudesenfrance/dyn/public/authentific … Find further information on the website: Persons with refugee status If you have refugee status and wish to attend a course at Université Paris Saclay, you will find further information on the following page https://www.universite-paris-saclay.fr/en/students-exile-apply-paris-saclay-university To find out the contact details of the Registrar Offices: You can visit the websites of the Faculties: Top right tab 'other university sites'. Or you can contact the Department of Training and Success (DFR): ' formation.scolarite@universite-paris-saclay.fr ' In all cases, you must specify that you have refugee status and you must indicate which course(s) you wish to apply for. If you have any questions about the choice and content of the course, the time frame for registration or your application, please contact the person responsible for the course concerned For information about practical and daily life, settling in France and the administrative steps to be taken, please go to the page Welcoming international visitors . 3 rue Joliot Curie Bâtiment Breguet 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette Campus map Legal notice & credits Contact us Cookies Plan du site Legal notice & credits Contact us Cookies International welcome desk Université Paris-Saclay coordinates the EUGLOH European University Alliance and is a member of European and international networks: CESAER, EUA, EUF, LERU, U7+ and U21. Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Bluesky Instagram