Aller au contenu principal Other websites UFR Droit Economie Management UFR Médecine UFR Pharmacie UFR Sciences UFR Sciences du Sport IUT Cachan IUT Orsay IUT Sceaux Polytech Université Paris-Saclay AgroParisTech CentraleSupélec ENS Paris-Saclay Institut d'Optique Accessibility Accessibility English en Français English Other websites UFR Droit Economie Management UFR Médecine UFR Pharmacie UFR Sciences UFR Sciences du Sport IUT Cachan IUT Orsay IUT Sceaux Polytech Université Paris-Saclay AgroParisTech CentraleSupélec ENS Paris-Saclay Institut d'Optique Accessibility Accessibility English en Français English Admissions Admissions Applying for undergraduate programmes Student registration Applying for Master's programmes Applying for a PhD International students Tuition fees Scholarships and financial support Education Education Choose your programme French Higher Education System Master's programmes taught in English Undergraduate programmes Master's programmes Student entrepreneurship at Université Paris-Saclay Summer Schools Internationalisation, languages and cultures Educational initiatives and innovation Research Research Themes and organisation Doctorate Pascal Institute Poléthis - Ethics and Integrity At your service International programmes Research programmes Researcher Portraits Open science Collaborations Collaborations International Expertise and skills Design Campus life Campus life Scholarships and financial aid International welcome desk Accommodation International mentoring programme Digital services Arts and sport Libraries Students with disabilities Catering services Student health services About About About us Campus maps Equality - Diversity - Inclusion - Disability The Université Paris-Saclay alumni network Université Paris-Saclay Scientific Framework Governance Media Search Menu principal Retourner au haut de la page Home admission International students International students Print this article Share Twitter Facebook Linkedin Par mail If you are an international student wishing to study or carry out an internship at Université Paris-Saclay, you will find below all the information you need to start preparing your stay in the best possible conditions. Applying Applying for undergraduate programmes Are you a foreign student who would like to apply for an undergraduate degree at Université Paris-Saclay? Do you want to know how to apply to a French university for the first time? It will depend on... Read more International students: applying for a Master's degree Are you a foreign student who would like to apply for a Master's programme at Université Paris-Saclay? Do you want to know how to apply to a French university for the first time? It depends on your... Read more Doctorate and habilitation to supervise research (HDR in French) Read more Students in exile: Apply to Université Paris-Saclay You are a student in exile and you wish to study at Paris-Saclay University. Read more Coming to Université Paris-Saclay Study period at Université Paris-Saclay (Exchange Programme : Erasmus+ or Bilateral agreement) With over a hundred partner universities all over the world, Université Paris-Saclay welcomes many exchange students every year, particularly within the framework of the Erasmus+ programme to provide... Read more You want to study as an individual degree-seeking student You are an international student and you are not part of an exchange programme. Enrollment procedure will depend on your country of residence, your country of origin and your level of studies. You... Read more Internship at Université Paris-Saclay Université Paris-Saclay regularly welcomes international students for internships in its 220 laboratories. Would you like to do an internship at Paris-Saclay University? Please, contact directly the la... Read more International Welcome Desk Université Paris-Saclay supports international students, PhD students and researchers as soon as they arrive in France to ensure their stay take place under the best conditions. The International... Read more International-Europe Recent changes in administrative procedures for incoming international students The French Ministry of Internal Affairs has taken new important measures to improve the conditions of arrival and stay of... Read more See also Visa and permits Before coming to France, make sure that you gather all the necessary information regarding immigration procedures and the documents you should bring with you. Read more Learning French Want to learn French? Already speak French but wish to improve your skills? Below you will find different resources in order to do so, whether you are still in your country of origin or have already... Read more Tuition fees Find information about tuition fees, payment methods, and the conditions for fee waivers or refunds. Read more 3 rue Joliot Curie Bâtiment Breguet 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette Campus map Legal notice & credits Contact us Cookies Plan du site Legal notice & credits Contact us Cookies International welcome desk Université Paris-Saclay coordinates the EUGLOH European University Alliance and is a member of European and international networks: CESAER, EUA, EUF, LERU, U7+ and U21. Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Bluesky Instagram