Aller au contenu principal Other websites UFR Droit Economie Management UFR Médecine UFR Pharmacie UFR Sciences UFR Sciences du Sport IUT Cachan IUT Orsay IUT Sceaux Polytech Université Paris-Saclay AgroParisTech CentraleSupélec ENS Paris-Saclay Institut d'Optique Accessibility Accessibility English en Français English Other websites UFR Droit Economie Management UFR Médecine UFR Pharmacie UFR Sciences UFR Sciences du Sport IUT Cachan IUT Orsay IUT Sceaux Polytech Université Paris-Saclay AgroParisTech CentraleSupélec ENS Paris-Saclay Institut d'Optique Accessibility Accessibility English en Français English Admissions Admissions Applying for undergraduate programmes Student registration Applying for Master's programmes Applying for a PhD International students Tuition fees Scholarships and financial support Education Education Choose your programme French Higher Education System Master's programmes taught in English Undergraduate programmes Master's programmes Student entrepreneurship at Université Paris-Saclay Summer Schools Internationalisation, languages and cultures Educational initiatives and innovation Research Research Themes and organisation Doctorate Pascal Institute Poléthis - Ethics and Integrity At your service International programmes Research programmes Researcher Portraits Open science Collaborations Collaborations International Expertise and skills Design Campus life Campus life Scholarships and financial aid International welcome desk Accommodation International mentoring programme Digital services Arts and sport Libraries Students with disabilities Catering services Student health services About About About us Campus maps Equality - Diversity - Inclusion - Disability The Université Paris-Saclay alumni network Université Paris-Saclay Scientific Framework Governance Media Search Menu principal Retourner au haut de la page Home admission Tuition fees Tuition fees Print this article Share Twitter Facebook Linkedin Par mail Find information about tuition fees, payment methods, and the conditions for fee waivers or refunds. National fees Tuition fees for national degrees are set by ministerial decree. For the 2025-2026 academic year, tuition fees are set as follows (2026-2027 fees coming soon): Bachelor level Master level Doctoral level €178 €254 €397 Please note that the amount of tuition fees may vary depending on the level and the number of degrees you are studying for (Bachelor's, Master's or PhD). The rates apply: the full rate for your first course if you enrol on a single programme; a reduced rate for additional courses if you enrol on more than one programme at the same institution. National diploma fees Other fees, terms and conditions Fees applicable to other, specific courses at Université Paris-Saclay 2024-2025 fees (for reference): Guide to specific rates 2024-2025 (in French only) Guide to specific rates 2024-2025 - addendum (in French only) Tuition fees for specific master's programmes: see Board of Governors Resolution No. CA-2026-014 of 3 February 2026. 2025-2026 fees coming soon 'Differentiated tuition fees' for non-EU students Université Paris-Saclay develops a strong policy of attracting national, European and international students. As part of this policy, non-EU students who are subject to differentiated fees are eligible for a partial exemption, which brings the differentiated registration fees in line with the fees applicable to domestic students, in accordance with the conditions laid down by the Board of Governors Resolution No. CA-2026-013 of 3 February 2026. Payment by instalments You can pay your registration fees in three instalments at no extra cost, online and by credit card only. Exemption You may be exempted, either fully or partially, from paying tuition fees: automatically, if you are entitled to a statutory exemption (for example, if you receive a need-based grant or an annual specific financial support allowance), or on the basis of criteria related to your individual circumstances and determined by the institution. The 2025-2026 fee waiver procedure is now closed. Information regarding the 2026-2027 procedure will be published shortly. Refund of tuition fees You may apply for a refund of tuition fees in the following cases: cancellation of your enrolment; fee waiver granted after payment or overpayment of fees. Refunds are subject to the conditions laid down by national regulations and by the institution's rules and deadlines ( see Board of Governors Resolution No. CA-2025-040 of 8 July 2025 - in french only). The 2025-2026 refund procedure is now closed. 3 rue Joliot Curie Bâtiment Breguet 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette Campus map Legal notice & credits Contact us Cookies Plan du site Legal notice & credits Contact us Cookies International welcome desk Université Paris-Saclay coordinates the EUGLOH European University Alliance and is a member of European and international networks: CESAER, EUA, EUF, LERU, U7+ and U21. Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Bluesky Instagram