Skip to main content. Bard Bard Menu Academics sub-menu Academics Programs and Divisions Structure of the Curriculum Courses Requirements Academic Calendar College Catalogue Faculty Bard Abroad Bard NYC Dual-Degree Programs Bard Conservatory of Music Other Study Opportunities Graduate Programs Early Colleges Admission sub-menu Admission Applying Financial Aid Tuition + Payment Campus Tours Meet Our Students + Alumni/ae For Families / Familias Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Campus Life sub-menu Campus Life Living on Campus: Housing + Dining Campus Services + Resources Campus Activities New Students Visiting + Transportation Athletics + Recreation Montgomery Place Campus Civic Engagement sub-menu Civic Engagement Bard CCE Engaged Learning Student Leadership Grow Your Network About CCE Our Partners Get Involved Newsroom sub-menu News + Events Newsroom Events Calendar Press Releases Office of Communications Commencement Weekend Alumni/ae Reunion Family and Alumni/ae Weekend Fisher Center + SummerScape Athletic Events About Bard sub-menu About About Bard: Administration Bard History Campus Tours Mission Statement Love of Learning Visiting Bard Employment Support Bard Global Higher Education Alliance for the 21st Century Bard Abroad The Bard Network Inclusive Excellence Sustainability Title IX and Nondiscrimination Inside Bard Dean of the College Policy Library Giving Search Search International Students Admission Menu Admission Menu Applying sub-menu Applying First-Year Transfer International Homeschooled Return to College Bard Conservatory Bard Early Colleges Bridge Program Bardian Applicant Portal Discover Bard sub-menu Discover Bard Visit Bard Our Students Our Alumni/ae Financial Aid sub-menu Financial Aid Financial Aid + Scholarships Tuition + Payment Admitted Students sub-menu Admitted Students Prospective Families sub-menu Prospective Families FAQs Resources Testimonials Familias Potenciales Contact Us sub-menu Contact Us Contact Us Inquiry Form Admission Team Home The Bard International Student Organization's annual show. Am I an international student? If you are a non-US citizen living outside of the United States or living in the United States on a temporary visa, you are considered to be an international applicant. If you are unsure of your status, please contact [email protected] and we will be happy to assist you. What if I am: an International Transfer student ? a US citizen or US permanent resident living abroad ? Your global experience is a valuable part of your narrative and will be given due consideration in the evaluation of your application. The Office of International Students and Scholar Services (OISSS) helps international students and scholars achieve their academic and personal goals. The office advises students and scholars on all matters pertaining to maintaining their status in the United States and on cultural, social, educational, and personal concerns. Dates + Deadlines: November Applicants For international students applying Early Action , Early Decision I , Immediate Decision Plan , and the Bard Entrance Exam . Nov. 1 Early Applications Due Early Action, Early Decision I, Immediate Decision Plan , Bard Entrance Exam Nov. 1 Spring Transfer Application due Nov. 1 Spring Transfer Financial Aid Application Due Bard International Student Financial Aid Application Nov. 1 Scholarship Applications Due This deadline applies to Bard College Scholarships only. (optional and if applicable) Mid Dec. Decision Notification for Early Applicants Flex Deposit Due For Early Decision I (Including IDP registrants via this method). Deposit due within a month after receipt of decision and/or financial aid package May 1 Deposit Due For Early Action (Including IDP registrants via this method), Bard Entrance Exam Dates + Deadlines: January Applicants For international students applying Early Decision II and Regular Decision Jan. 15 Applications Due Jan. 15 Financial Aid Application Due Download the Financial Aid application for international students Jan. 15 Scholarship Applications Due This deadline applies to Bard College Scholarship only. (optional and if applicable) Feb. Decision Notification for Early Decision II Mar. 1 Fall Applications Due Mar. 1 Fall Financial Aid Application Due Visit the International Student Financial Aid page for more information. Mar. (Late) Decision Notification for Regular Fall Applicants May 1 Deposit Due Application Checklist for International Students Required Materials: Apply using the Common Application or Coalition with Scoir . For International Transfer Students, please use this checklist . High School transcript sent directly by your high school to Bard College electronically (include mid-year senior grades if available at the time you apply.) School Report (form is generally completed by a high school counselor and includes a school profile.) Teacher recommendations: Two are required. One must come from a guidance or college counselor and one from a High School teacher. For those without a higher education counselor, this letter of recommendation can come from another teacher or an advisor, administrator, coach or employer. TOEFL exam or IELTS exam or Duolingo English Test are acceptable English proficiency tests. All international applicants for whom English is not their primary language must submit one of the approved English proficiency tests. Some applicants may waive their English proficiency exam requirement if they meet our waiver eligibility requirements. Please see the below section "What are the English proficiency requirements?" for in depth information on submitting your electronic test results to Bard, as well as the outlined criteria and process of submitting the English proficiency waiver request form. Completed Bard International Financial Aid Application (BISFAA). (Required, if applying for financial aid. This form can be found on the Applying for Financial Aid as an International Student page.) Note: No other financial aid form will be accepted. Please only submit the BISFAA ) Students who submit their application by the application deadline have a grace period of 5 days from the deadline to submit supplemental materials such as portfolio materials or to encourage teachers and counselors to submit their recommendation letters. Optional materials × Application Checklist for International Students In addition to the English language proficiency exam requirement (TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test), students have the option to participate in the optional English Proficiency supplements with one of our two service partners: Initialview or Vericant. Bard College has been test-optional for over 50 years. You do not need to take the SAT or ACT to apply to Bard. SAT and ACT scores should only be submitted if a student feels that their scores are an accurate reflection of their academic abilities. Submitted SAT and ACT scores are only used to inform our review process in a very small fraction of applications that include SAT or ACT scores. Students who do not submit their SAT or ACT scores are not penalized in any way during the application review process. Bard does not require students to send official reports of their SAT or ACT scores. Students may self-report scores by including their scores in the Testing section of their Common Application or Coalition with Scoir or by uploading a copy of their score report to their Bard portal (Bard's CEEB code is 2037) . For more information about our test optional policy, please reach out to the Office of Admission at [email protected] or 845- 758-7472. Portfolios and Awards Artistic supplements are not required for admission to Bard. Copies of awards or certificates for extracurricular achievements are not required for admission. If you decide to submit artistic supplements, you can upload the files on your Bard portal. Instructions on accessing your Bard portal will be e-mailed to you once you apply to Bard. To submit awards or certificates for extracurricular achievements include them in a resume along with your application. Students who submit their application by the application deadline have a grace period of 5 days from the deadline to submit supplemental materials such as portfolio materials or to encourage teachers and counselors to submit their recommendation letters. International Transfer Students Bard accepts international transfer students with the understanding that they will spend a minimum of two years at the College. Bard accepts transfer students for the fall and spring semesters. What's required of an International Transfer Student? Applicants who have completed one semester of college work may apply for admission in the fall as first-year students with the potential for advanced standing. Transfer students are expected to be familiar with Bard's distinctive curricular components, particularly Moderation and the Senior Project. Dates and Deadlines: International Transfer Students International Transfer Students may matriculate in the Fall of Spring semesters. Nov. 1 Spring Applications Due For Spring International Transfer Students Nov. 1 Spring Financial Aid Application Due For Spring International transfer students. Bard International Student Financial Aid Application Mar. 1 Fall Applications Due For Fall International Trasnfer Students. Mar. 1 Fall Financial Aid Applications Due For International Fall Transfer Students. Visit this page for International Student Financial Aid information: https://www.bard.edu/financialaid/international/applying/ Application Checklist for International Transfer Students Required materials: Apply using the Common Application or Coalition with Scoir . The College Report and college transcript are also required. A high school transcript is required unless the candidate will have completed an associate's degree by the time of matriculation at Bard. Two Academic Recommendations: Both academic recommendations should come from college faculty. However, for those who have completed only one or two college semesters in circumstances where the classes have been large and contact with professors minimal, we will accept high school faculty recommendations. Artistic supplements are required for all transfer candidates seeking admission to the Photography Program. (Please click on the link below for artistic supplement details for this program.) Completed Bard International Student Financial Aid application (Required if applying for financial aid). All international applicants for whom English is not their primary language must submit one of the accepted English proficiency tests. TOEFL exam or IELTS exam or Duolingo English Test are acceptable English proficiency tests. English proficiency test waivers are available for eligible students. English Proficiency Requirements for international students Optional Materials for International Transfer Students In addition to the TOEFL or IELTS or Duolingo requirement, we recommend participating in the optional English Proficiency supplements with one of our two service partners: IntialView or Vericant. (See below for more information.) Completed Bard International Student Financial Aid application (PDF) . (Required, if applying for financial aid.) Bard College has been test-optional for nearly 50 years. You do not need to take the SAT or ACT to apply to Bard. SAT and ACT scores should only be submitted if a student feels that their scores are an accurate reflection of their academic abilities. Submitted SAT and ACT scores are only used to inform our review process in a very small fraction of applications that include SAT or ACT scores. Students who do not submit their SAT or ACT scores are not penalized in any way during the application review process. Bard does not require students to send official reports of their SAT or ACT scores. Students may self-report scores by including their scores in the Testing section of their Common Application, Coalition with Scoir, or by uploading a copy of their score report to their Bard portal (Bard's CEEB code is 2037). For more information about our test-optional policy, please reach out to the Office of Admission at [email protected] or 845- 758-7472. Portfolios and Awards Artistic supplements are not required for admission to Bard. Copies of awards or certificates for extracurricular achievements are not required for admission. If you decide to submit artistic supplements, you can upload the files on your Bard portal. Instructions on accessing your Bard portal will be e-mailed to you once you apply to Bard. To submit awards or certificates for extracurricular achievements, include them in a resume along with your application. Students who submit their application by the application deadline have a grace period of 5 days from the deadline to submit supplemental materials such as portfolio materials or to encourage teachers and counselors to submit their recommendation letters. What are the English proficiency requirements (TOEFL, IELTS, Duolingo)? Because we do not have a full-scale English as a Second Language program at Bard, it is critical that all students, domestic and international, have the appropriate level of English fluency before they arrive on campus. We read every application in full, placing particular stock in the writing, and recommendations and grades from English teachers. TOEFL exam or IELTS exam or Duolingo English Test are acceptable English proficiency tests. All international applicants for whom English is not their primary language must submit one of the accepted English proficiency tests. Students should only request results to be sent electronically to Bard College directly from TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test, and not physical documents to be mailed. For TOEFL, Bard's institutional code is 2037. For IELTS, students should request their electronic results to be sent to Bard College Undergraduate Admission. Waiver eligibility requirements are listed below: Students who have attended a secondary school with full English instruction, for at least the 3 most recent years of their education, may request an English proficiency test waiver after they submit their application (for transfer students, at least 4 semesters of college work). Once students submit their application they will gain access to their Bard portal where an English proficiency test waiver form is available. Students who have grown up in a country where English is the primary language, may request an English proficiency test waiver after they submit their application. Other situations will be considered on a case by case basis. All eligible students must complete and submit the English proficiency test waiver via their Bard portal. Waivers are reviewed on a regular basis and student's will have their English proficiency application requirement waived if applicable. If students fill out the form and are not deemed eligible for a waiver, students will be notified by the Office of Admission via email, and will be required to submit English proficiency test scores. Our test score guidelines are: TOEFL score of at least 5 on the 1-6 band scale. ( For scores reported on the previous 0-120 scale, a minimum score of 100 is required.) IELTS score of at least 7 Duolingo English Test score of at least 120 English Language Test Waiver Information If you are an international student and believe you are eligible for an English Language Test Waiver, you will have access to a waiver form on your Bard portal after you submit your application to Bard College. The Admission Office will review your waiver form and, if you meet the criteria, the Admission Committee will waive the English Language Test requirement, and will notify you of their decision. Must Read: Bard Portal Information Once you submit your Common Application or Coalition with Scoir, it may take 24 to 48 hours for us to confirm receipt of your application. Once we receive your application, you will be emailed a confirmation which includes the credentials to access your Bard Portal. If you submit your application on the deadline date but still have required materials to submit, please note that you will have time to upload those application materials after that deadline date as long as your application has been submitted. It is important, however, that you submit those final materials as soon as possible after the deadline has passed as the admission committee cannot read incomplete applications. Please do not mail or email any materials directly to the Admission Office unless instructed to do so. Use your Bard Portal and go to your Application Tab to upload and view submitted materials. Please make a habit of visiting your Bard portal frequently to view your application and financial aid checklists and confirm that we have received all of the materials required to complete your application. We will also be posting information on your portal throughout the admission cycle so it is important to check your portal regularly. Here's How to Use Your Bard Portal × Must Read: Bard Portal Information Submit your application materials to Bard College: As an applicant, you will receive a login and a link to your Bard Portal. (Note: It may take 24 to 48 hours for us to confirm receipt of your application, after which you will receive a login and a link to your Bard Portal.) That portal gives you access to many tabs, one of which is your Application Tab where you will see your Application Checklist. Review your Application Checklist periodically to see if there are missing application materials. Upload all materials, including any supplemental materials you wish to share with us, to your Bard Portal. File formats we accept are listed on your Bard portal. Transcripts and recommendations submitted by your counselors and teachers will eventually appear with a green checkmark on your Application Checklist as they are received. If your transcripts and recommendations do not appear in your Application Checklist after you've requested them to be sent to Bard, please follow-up with your counselor, teachers and/or your school office. Please note that applicants must not upload any recommendation letters themselves as these must remain confidential and should be sent to Bard by the recommenders directly. We will also notify you, via email, if there are any missing materials. Check your financial aid materials: If you are applying for financial aid, once you've submitted all the required materials, go to the Financial Aid Tab in your portal to confirm that they have been received and to see if there are any missing materials. (Note: It can take from 48 hours to 3-5 days, depending on the form being submitted, before a green check mark appears next to each of the respective forms.) View admission decisions and notifications: You will receive an email from Admission stating that there has been an update to your Bard Portal. Log in to your portal and click on your Dashboard Tab where all decision letters and correspondences from the College are displayed. Offers of Admission can be accepted, declined, or deferred, within the Bard portal. Enrollment deposits can be made using a credit card, or you can indicate that your payment is forthcoming via a check or money order. View events: Any events hosted by the Office of Admission will be displayed in an Event Tab on your portal. Here's what displays on your portal after you enroll at Bard: Once your enrollment deposit is processed, within a week, your Bard Portal will display new tabs. The Bardian Checklist Tab will display your personalized Bardian checklist with all of the items you'll need to complete prior to your arrival. There will also be a Special Admitted Events Tab. Any Questions? Please click the questions below for answers to the most common questions asked about applying to Bard as an international student. What if I am both an international student and a transfer student? Bard accepts international transfer students with the understanding that they will spend a minimum of two years at the College. Bard accepts transfer students for the fall and spring semesters. Applicants who have completed one semester of college work may apply for admission in the fall as first-year students with the potential for advanced standing. Transfer students are expected to be familiar with Bard's distinctive curricular components, particularly Moderation and the Senior Project. Although a personal interview is not required for incoming first-year students, it is strongly recommended for transfer candidates . Candidates should demonstrate their understanding of Bard's curriculum in their interview. International transfer applicants must complete the transfer application via either the Common Application or Coalition Application with Scoir. International transfer applicants applying for financial aid must complete the Bard International Student Financial Aid Application ( BISFAA ). For general information and deadlines for transfer students, please visit our Transfer page. What is Bard's policy on advanced standing and college AP credits? Advanced standing or college credit for College Board Advanced Placement (AP) courses will be given for a grade of 5. Students who wish to request credit or advanced standing must submit the appropriate record of their grade to the Office of the Registrar. The following international diplomas may be accepted for advanced standing: International Baccalaureate (IB), French Baccalaureate, Swiss Maturity, and German Abitur. Students who have earned A-level passes may enter with advanced standing. Students may receive 4 credits for each IB and A-level subject-as well as other international high school programs, as determined by the registrar-to a maximum of one year of credit. To be eligible for credit, IB students must score 5 or above in individual subjects. A-level students must have an A or A* to receive credit. AP students must score a 5 on their AP exams to receive credit. Any questions regarding exact transfer of advanced credit should be made after you have received an admission decision and directed to Peter Gadsby, the registrar ( [email protected] ). What is the Bard Entrance Examination? Transfer students may not apply under this option. The Bard Entrance Examination is an online essay test open to high school juniors and seniors. Completion of the test is equivalent to an application for admission. Applicants receive notification by the end of December. Learn more Application Checklist Required materials, once you have completed and passed the Bard Entrance Examination (B+ or higher): Official High School Transcript General reference letter from appropriate school official TOEFL or IELTS exam Completed International Student Financial Aid Application which can be found here Bard Entrance Exam Information Do I have to resubmit an application if I've already applied in the past? All applicants must submit an application for the current application year, including students who have previously applied to the College. Students who have applied within the past 2 years may request to have previously submitted recommendations, transcripts, or supplemental materials transferred to their new application by submitting this request form to the Office of Admission when they re-apply. Email [email protected] if you no longer have your applicant portal login information; this is what you will use to submit your request form. Note: If you already have a Common Application account, you may want to use account rollover to re-submit your application. See Common Application Rollover Discover More Explore Bard Campus Life Contact Us Weather at Bard 30 Campus Road, PO Box 5000 Annandale-on-Hudson, New York 12504-5000 Phone: 845-758-6822 Admission Email: [email protected] Information For Prospective Students Current Employees Alumni/ae Families ©2026 Bard College Quick Links Employment Travel to Bard Search Support Bard Bard IT Policies + Security Bard Privacy Notice Bard has a long history of creating inclusive environments for all races, creeds, ethnicities, and genders. We will continue to monitor and adhere to all Federal and New York State laws and guidance.