Skip to main content. Bard Bard Menu Academics sub-menu Academics Programs and Divisions Structure of the Curriculum Courses Requirements Academic Calendar College Catalogue Faculty Bard Abroad Bard NYC Dual-Degree Programs Bard Conservatory of Music Other Study Opportunities Graduate Programs Early Colleges Admission sub-menu Admission Applying Financial Aid Tuition + Payment Campus Tours Meet Our Students + Alumni/ae For Families / Familias Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Campus Life sub-menu Campus Life Living on Campus: Housing + Dining Campus Services + Resources Campus Activities New Students Visiting + Transportation Athletics + Recreation Montgomery Place Campus Civic Engagement sub-menu Civic Engagement Bard CCE Engaged Learning Student Leadership Grow Your Network About CCE Our Partners Get Involved Newsroom sub-menu News + Events Newsroom Events Calendar Press Releases Office of Communications Commencement Weekend Alumni/ae Reunion Family and Alumni/ae Weekend Fisher Center + SummerScape Athletic Events About Bard sub-menu About About Bard: Administration Bard History Campus Tours Mission Statement Love of Learning Visiting Bard Employment Support Bard Global Higher Education Alliance for the 21st Century Bard Abroad The Bard Network Inclusive Excellence Sustainability Title IX and Nondiscrimination Inside Bard Dean of the College Policy Library Giving Search Search Photo by Joseph Nartey '26. International Students International students attending Bard College are eligible for financial assistance. ` SFS Menu SFS Menu FinAid sub-menu Prospective Students About Bard Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Financial Aid Procedures Applying for Financial Aid - First-Year + Transfer Students - International Students Tuition + Enrollment Dates + Deadlines Billing + Payments SA sub-menu Current Students About Bard Financial Aid Renewing Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Financial Aid Procedures Leaves of Absence/Study Abroad Billing + Payment FAQs PR sub-menu Policies + Refunds Policies Refunds Campus Employment Make a Payment Search SFS Search Prospective international students who wish to be considered for financial aid must submit the Bard International Student Financial Aid Form. A Storied Campus with a Global Reach Bard is proud of the global diversity of our campus community, and offers generous financial aid to our international students. Because we are not able to include U.S. federal and state funding in our financial aid packaging for international applicants, Bard typically expects that international students contribute at least $30,000 per year towards the total of their educational expenses* (tuition, housing and food, mandatory fees, as well as estimated costs of personal expenses, transportation, books, and medical insurance). All international students seeking need-based aid from the College must apply using the Bard International Student Financial Aid Application (BISFAA). This form must be submitted alongside a student's application for admission within five days of the application deadline. Bard guarantees to meet full demonstrated financial need for all students admitted via the Early Decision I, the Immediate Decision Plan or the Early Action application rounds, regardless of citizenship. International student financial aid packages, including those that meet demonstrated need, generally do not provide support beyond full tuition. Scholarships that provide support for expenses beyond tuition (such as housing, food and other expenses) are granted very infrequently. Bard does not guarantee to meet full demonstrated need for students admitted via the ED II or Regular Decision rounds. International students may not apply for need-based aid following the receipt of an admission offer. International applications for financial aid submitted after an offer of admission has been released to an applicant will not be considered. Scholarships for International Students Students who submit the required financial aid forms are automatically considered for all Bard College grants or scholarships for which they may be eligible. The Bard International Student Financial Aid Application (BISFAA) must be completed each academic year for continuation of scholarship. Bard's financial aid budget is limited. Bard makes every effort to meet the needs of its accepted and financially eligible students while staying within budget parameters. Generally, Bard will admit an academically eligible international student who can demonstrate sufficient funding to cover room, board, and travel costs. Please note: It is Bard's policy not to offer admission to any international student who is unable to demonstrate sufficient funding. Download the BISFAA (PDF) Apply for Financial Aid International applicants should upload their financial form to their Bard applicant portal. Admission emails applicant portal information to all students when they apply to Bard. Applying for Financial Aid To be considered for financial aid at Bard College, non-US citizens must complete and upload all materials to your Bard Applicant Portal by November 1 for early applicants, and January 1 for Regular Decision applicants. Students interested in being considered for need-based financial aid from the College must upload a completed BISFAA form along with their application for admission. NOTE: Financial Aid is not automatically renewed each year. The student must reapply by submitting the International Student Financial Aid Form each year that financial aid is expected. Submitting Your Application Attention International Student Applicants: Please upload the International Student Financial Aid Application Form directly to your Bard applicant portal. The Office of Admission does not require and does not prefer postal mail deliveries. If you are having trouble accessing the portal or uploading materials to the portal, contact [email protected] . Important Dates Nov 1 Deadline for financial aid forms for first-year, early-applicant international students. Deadline for financial aid forms for all spring transfer students. Mid Dec Financial aid awards will begin being released electronically for all first-year, early-applicant students. Jan 1 Deadline for financial aid form for regular-decision students. Jan 15 Deadline for financial aid form for international first-year students. Mar 1 Deadline for financial aid forms for all fall transfer students. Mid Mar Financial aid awards will begin being released electronically for all first-year, regular-decision students. Apr 15 Deadline for submission of forms for returning international students Early May Financial aid awards will begin being released electronically for returning students. Award Procedures for International Students Prospective students' files are maintained in the Admission Office along with their admission documents. The Admission Office reviews the Bard International Student Financial Aid Application (BISFAA) for each student. If the BISFAA is filed by the published deadlines eligible students will receive a financial aid package alongside their admission decision. Bard guarantees to meet full demonstrated financial need for all students admitted via the Early Decision I, the Immediate Decision Plan or the Early Action application rounds, regardless of citizenship. Bard does not guarantee to meet full demonstrated need for students admitted via the ED II or Regular Decision rounds. International students may not apply for need-based aid following the receipt of an admission offer. International applications for financial aid submitted after an offer of admission has been released to an applicant will not be considered. Financial Aid for Davis United World College Scholars As a proud partner of the Davis United World College Scholars Program, Bard guarantees to meet full demonstrated financial need for all students admitted to Bard from the United World Colleges as Davis United World College Scholars. There is no minimum expected financial contribution for international students applying to Bard from United World Colleges. Bard Davis United World College Scholarships cover the full difference between a student's expected contribution and the cost of tuition, housing and food, and mandatory fees. Bard Davis United World College Scholarships do not typically cover the costs of books, educational or personal expenses, medical insurance or travel. Applicants from the United World Colleges who do not hold U.S. citizenship or permanent residency are required to file the Bard International Application for Financial Aid alongside their application for admission. Bard Global Citizen Scholarships Non-repayable grants are awarded to non-U.S. citizens on the basis of financial need and academic achievement and promise. Typically, Bard Global Citizen Scholarships range from $10,000 to $60,000 annually for full-time enrollment. Other Bard College financial aid programs are available to all applicants, including international students. U.S. Tax Information Housing & Food scholarships and stipends, per U.S. federal law, are taxable, and you will be responsible for filing annual tax forms and for paying federal, state, and local taxes incurred. If you do not have or cannot get a Social Security Number, you will need to obtain an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) for tax purposes. Individuals who need to get an ITIN should complete this process as soon as possible after arriving, as it will make the tax process much easier. More information on this and related topics is available from the Office of International Student and Scholar Services. MORE INFORMATION Contact the Office of Student Financial Services Mailing Address: Bard College PO Box 5000 (30 Campus Road) Annandale-on-Hudson, NY 12504-5000 Location: Brook House, 11 Woods Ave Phone: 845-758-7520 Fax: 845-758-7336 Email Financial Aid: [email protected] Email Student Accounts: [email protected] Email Graduate Aid: [email protected] 30 Campus Road, PO Box 5000 Annandale-on-Hudson, New York 12504-5000 Phone: 845-758-6822 Admission Email: [email protected] Information For Prospective Students Current Employees Alumni/ae Families ©2026 Bard College Quick Links Employment Travel to Bard Search Support Bard Bard IT Policies + Security Bard Privacy Notice Bard has a long history of creating inclusive environments for all races, creeds, ethnicities, and genders. We will continue to monitor and adhere to all Federal and New York State laws and guidance.