Skip to main navigation Skip to content UTEXAS.EDU MyStatus Contact Info For Parents & Families Padres y Familias High School Counselors High School Students Military-Affiliated & Veteran Students International Students First-Generation Students Admitted Students Admitted Freshman Students Admitted Transfer Students Texas Residents Search for: Explore Visit Campus Tours Virtual Tour Info Sessions Virtual Info Sessions Admissions Centers Summer Discovery Academic Degrees Texas Honors Student Life Housing & Dining Life in Austin Career Success Ranks & Stats Research Contact Cost & Aid Cost & Tuition Rates Financial Aid Texas Advance Commitment Apply Freshman Transfer Transfer Credit Resources Optional Transfer Considerations Honors Visiting Returning International International Transfer Application Materials Transcript Info Essays & Short Answers High School Prerequisites Review & Decision Process Appeals Waitlist Alternative Pathways to Enrollment CAP - Coordinated Admission Program UT San Antonio UT Arlington UT Tyler UT El Paso UT Rio Grande Valley UT Permian Basin Stephen F. Austin Transitioning to UT Austin Coordinated Admissions Program (CAP) FAQs UT Austin Spring Start Program - SSP TAP PACE FAQs MyStatus Info For Parents & Families Padres y Familias High School Counselors High School Students Military & Veterans International Students First-Generation Admitted Students Admitted Freshman Students Admitted Transfer Students Texas Residents MyStatus Contact Cost & Tuition Rates Financial Aid Texas Advance Commitment Cost & Aid Financial Aid Whether you're a prospective student or transferring, we want to make sure you have the cost and aid information you need to make your UT education possible. Net Price Calculator Our Net Price Calculator delivers a personalized estimate of the net price of attending UT Austin based on your major, personal finances, housing, estimated financial aid, possible VA Education Benefits and more. By gaining a better understanding of the net price of attendance, you'll feel more prepared and confident to make your UT education possible. Net Price Calculator Get Started by Completing the FAFSA/TASFA Even if you think you're not likely to qualify for need-based aid, it's still a good idea to apply. Many awards are based on information from your financial aid application. FAFSA TASFA Watch the Preparing for the FAFSA Form playlist to understand what information and documents you'll need to fill out the FAFSA form. More information about financial aid and scholarships can be found here . Complete the Scholarship Interest Form The Scholarship Interest Form must be completed to indicate your interest in UT Austin institutional scholarships as well as scholarships from some partnering private foundations like the Terry Foundatio n or Finis Welch Foundation , which offer full cost of attendance awards for students with demonstrated financial need. The form is available in MyStatus after you submit your application to UT Austin via the Common App or ApplyTexas application forms. This must be completed by the deadline of January 15. MyStatus General Scholarships and University College and School Awards Every admitted freshman is considered for some University-wide general scholarships as well as college and school awards. There is not a separate scholarship application. Notification of awards takes place typically between February-April. These scholarships can also be awarded to continuing students; all longhorns are encouraged to apply for scholarships from their college or school and general University-wide awards every spring. Locate scholarships you're eligible for using our Scholarship Finder tool. Scholarship Finder My Financial Aid Portal UT Austin's My Financial Aid portal provides information about the status of your financial aid awards. It's also where we'll notify you of any additional documentation required. My Financial Aid My Financial Aid becomes available to students once admitted. Texas One Stop is your resource for financial aid, billing, registration, records and more. Have q uestions about how to apply for financial aid or appeal for a change to your financial aid award? They can help . Texas One Stop Types of Aid Grants Need-based aid that does not need to be repaid. Scholarships Need-based or merit-based aid that does not need to be repaid. Work-Study Work-Study provides part-time jobs for students with financial need, allowing you to earn money to help pay for educational expenses. Loans Borrowed aid that needs to be repaid, with interest, after graduation. Financial Aid & Scholarship Deadlines Jan. 15 State Priority Deadline To Submit FAFSA/TASFA Complete your FAFSA/TASFA by the state priority deadline to be considered for the widest range of financial aid. FAFSA TASFA Jan. 15 Deadline To Submit Scholarship Interest Form To be in the running for scholarships offered by the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid and some partnering private foundations, please complete the Scholarship Interest Form. The Scholarship Interest Form is available in MyStatus after you submit your application to UT Austin. MyStatus March 1 Deadline for Texas Exes Scholarships Our alumni association, the Texas Exes, offers a variety of scholarships for incoming students as well as transfer and continuing students (they may apply each year they're at UT Austin). Texas Exes Financial Aid Decisions Mid-Late Spring Financial Aid Awards Arrive Financial aid offers will be available to view on My Financial Aid . Make sure you monitor My Financial Aid for any updates or requirements you need to resolve. Understanding Your Aid Spring Award Notification From Colleges and Schools, Texas Exes and Scholarship Foundations Delivered Awards you were eligible for based on your admissions application will be announced from the college or school you were admitted to as well as most awards from the Texas Exes Alumni Association, including the Forty Acres Scholarship, and awards from foundations like the Terry Foundation, Finis Welch Foundation and Haraldson Foundation. Texas Exes Terry Foundation Finis Welch Foundation Haraldson Foundation Make It Possible We know the numbers can be overwhelming sometimes. Our Texas One Stop staff are here to help you regarding financial aid and estimating your costs. Contact One Stop admissions@austin.utexas.edu 512-475-7399 UT Home University Resources Emergency Information Emergency Information Site Policy Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy