Skip to main navigation Skip to content UTEXAS.EDU MyStatus Contact Info For Parents & Families Padres y Familias High School Counselors High School Students Military-Affiliated & Veteran Students International Students First-Generation Students Admitted Students Admitted Freshman Students Admitted Transfer Students Texas Residents Search for: Explore Visit Campus Tours Virtual Tour Info Sessions Virtual Info Sessions Admissions Centers Summer Discovery Academic Degrees Texas Honors Student Life Housing & Dining Life in Austin Career Success Ranks & Stats Research Contact Cost & Aid Cost & Tuition Rates Financial Aid Texas Advance Commitment Apply Freshman Transfer Transfer Credit Resources Optional Transfer Considerations Honors Visiting Returning International International Transfer Application Materials Transcript Info Essays & Short Answers High School Prerequisites Review & Decision Process Appeals Waitlist Alternative Pathways to Enrollment CAP - Coordinated Admission Program UT San Antonio UT Arlington UT Tyler UT El Paso UT Rio Grande Valley UT Permian Basin Stephen F. Austin Transitioning to UT Austin Coordinated Admissions Program (CAP) FAQs UT Austin Spring Start Program - SSP TAP PACE FAQs MyStatus Info For Parents & Families Padres y Familias High School Counselors High School Students Military & Veterans International Students First-Generation Admitted Students Admitted Freshman Students Admitted Transfer Students Texas Residents MyStatus Contact Freshman Transfer Transfer Credit Resources Optional Transfer Considerations Honors Visiting Returning International International Transfer Application Materials Transcript Info Essays & Short Answers High School Prerequisites Review & Decision Process Appeals Waitlist Alternative Pathways to Enrollment CAP - Coordinated Admission Program UT San Antonio UT Arlington UT Tyler UT El Paso UT Rio Grande Valley UT Permian Basin Stephen F. Austin Transitioning to UT Austin Coordinated Admissions Program (CAP) FAQs UT Austin Spring Start Program - SSP TAP PACE FAQs MyStatus Apply Frequently Asked Questions General Applicant FAQ My transcript is listed as "under review." What does this mean? Will I miss the deadline? Transcript review can take time. We determine whether your transcript met the deadline based on the date it was received, not the date the review is completed. Do you accept any documents via email? We are unable to accept any documents via email. Please review our website for information on how to submit your documents. Does UT Austin conduct interviews for admissions? No, UT Austin does not provide interviews for general admission. Does UT Austin utilize demonstrated interest in the review process? No, UT Austin does not utilize demonstrated interest in the holistic review process. Anything that you would like to be considered should be submitted with your application. Do I need to submit a letter of recommendation? Letters of recommendation are optional. You'll be considered for admission whether you submit letters of recommendation or not. Note that some freshman honors programs do require a letter of recommendation to complete the honors application. How do letters of recommendations work? Letters of recommendation can help us to learn things about you that aren't available from other application items. If you do submit them, they will be considered when we review your application. But they are optional, and you will be considered for admission whether you submit letters of recommendation or not. You may submit up to two letters of recommendation with your admission application. They should come from someone who knows you well but is not a family member or relative. We encourage you to provide letters from sources outside of your high school. In your letters of recommendation, we're looking for information that expands upon or isn't available in other items you submit, such as your admission application, resume or essays - such as: Your academic success and potential. Your leadership contributions to your school, family or community. Your persistence in response to challenging situations. Your interaction with students and peers from different cultural backgrounds. Your preparation for your selected first-choice major, both in school and out. Do I need to submit a resume? The resume is optional for freshman admission and required for transfer admission. If you are applying as a freshman and you feel that the resume section of your online application did not allow you to provide a full picture of your involvement, you may want to submit a resume. Note that some honors programs do require a resume to complete the honors application. What format is required for my resume? We do not have a preferred or recommended resume format or length. We encourage you to choose a format that most easily allows you to share more about your involvement. The length or format of your resume do not have any impact on the review of your application. What should my resume include? Your resume should include all of your involvement and achievements, not just those that did not fit within the resume section of your online application. You should include any work experience (paid or volunteer), extracurricular activities, accomplishments and awards. You may also choose to include family responsibilities. How do I know which documents to submit? Use the appropriate application checklist on our website. All required items are due by the appropriate deadline. Once you submit your application, you'll also be able to log in to MyStatus to view the appropriate deadlines for all application materials. How do I submit additional documents? If you apply using the Common App, most documents can be submitted along with your application. If you apply using ApplyTexas, most documents can be submitted in MyStatus. Note that we cannot accept documents via email. I earned college credit through OnRamps while in high school. How do I ensure those credits appear on my UT Austin record? If you earned and accepted college credit through OnRamps, no transfer process is required. OnRamps college credit is UT Austin credit; the course and grade will appear on your UT Austin transcript after the final grade is reported to the Office of the Registrar, and that grade will be factored into your GPA. You do not need to submit a transcript from another institution for OnRamps credit. Continue to submit all other required high school and college transcripts. Learn more about OnRamps college credit. Do students have to live on campus at UT Austin? No, we do not require students to live on campus. However, we highly recommend it! When can I apply for on-campus housing? You are eligible to apply for on-campus housing as soon as your admission application is complete. You can access the housing application in MyStatus. I am receiving a UT help desk error when I try applying for housing. What should I do? Please double check that your admissions application is officially complete. To be complete, it means that all items have been officially received (not in review). Once your application is complete, a housing link will appear on the right-hand side of MyStatus, and you will be able to apply. How do I find non-UT scholarships? Check out the resources on our scholarship page ! You can also contact the Office of Admissions or Texas One Stop for assistance. Am I a domestic applicant or international applicant? Freshman applicants who are U.S. citizens, permanent residents or are graduating from a Texas high school should apply using the domestic freshman application process . All other freshman applicants should apply using the international freshman application process . Transfer applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents should apply using the domestic transfer application process . All other transfer applicants should apply using the international transfer application process . Freshman FAQ (Domestic and International) I'm a fall freshman applicant, when will I be able to access to MyStatus ? MyStatus is available 24-48 hours after submitting your application. You will receive an email from the Office of Admissions with your UT EID and password to login. Students submitting their freshman application in August will receive their log in information no later than September 1. Am I a freshman? You can apply for freshman admission if you are: A high school senior. A student who has completed high school and has not yet enrolled at another college or university after graduation. When is the freshman deadline for summer/fall enrollment? To meet the Early Action application deadline, you need to submit your online application by October 15 and any remaining application materials need to be received by October 22. The regular deadline is December 1. All remaining materials must be received by December 10. How do I apply for the Early Action deadline? All students apply to UT Austin for our regular deadline. To meet the Early Action deadline, your application must be submitted by October 15. All remaining documents need to be submitted by October 22. You must select Early Action on the application to be considered for Early Action. What is the difference between the Early Action and regular deadline? Early Action applicants will receive their admission decision or a notification of deferral by January 15, 2027. Applicants who receive a notification of deferral and regular deadline applicants will receive a decision by February 15, 2027. Applicants must select Early Action on the application to be considered for Early Action. The Early Action deadline does not provide an advantage in the review process nor is it binding. When will I receive my admission decision? If you complete your application by the Early Action deadline (October 15), you will receive an admission notification by January 15, 2027. This notification may be a final admission decision or a decision deferral to February 15, 2027. If you complete your application by the regular deadline (December 1), you will be notified of a decision no later than February 15, 2027. Some decisions are made and delivered earlier than the published decision dates. What applications does UT accept? We encourage freshman and transfer applicants applying for summer or fall admission to apply using the Common App. If you are applying for spring admission, apply using this application . Do I need to submit both applications? No, only one application should be completed. Does UT have a preference about which application I submit? No, please complete the application that works best for you! Your choice will not impact your admission decision. Please note that spring applicants must use the spring application. How should I pick my first-choice major? We encourage you to choose a first-choice major that is aligned with your interests and strengths, not just what you hope to do as a career. We will consider you for this major during our holistic review. Remember that your major won't necessarily determine your career later on, so we recommend reviewing the entire list of options on MyMajors before you decide. MyMajors If I don't get my first-choice major, will I be considered for my second-choice? You may be considered for your second-choice major if you qualify for automatic admission and are not admitted to your first-choice major. How do I apply for UT scholarships? There is no separate scholarship application. To be considered for scholarships, you should apply for admission and submit the appropriate financial aid application. Students who are eligible to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) should do so. Texas residents who are not eligible to complete the FAFSA may be eligible to submit the Texas Application for State Financial Aid (TASFA). All freshman applicants who do so are considered for aid through the Texas Advance Commitment. Our Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid also administers some scholarships for applicants with unique qualifications. More information about consideration for these scholarships through our scholarship interest form will be available to applicants in MyStatus in mid-August. Do I need to submit SAT and/or ACT tests? Official ACT or SAT scores are required to be submitted from the testing agency to complete your application. Official Classical Learning Test (CLT) scores will also satisfy this requirement. Does UT superscore? No, we use the highest score from one test date. Is the Science section of the ACT required? Students may submit ACT scores with or without the Science section and both will be treated equally in our admission process. If you submit a test score with a Science section, your composite score, including the Science score, will be included in the admission review. How do I submit a test score? You need to have your official scores sent from the testing agency. Your scores need to be on file by the appropriate deadline to be considered. If applying by the Early Action deadline, your official scores from the testing agency need to be received by October 22. If applying by the regular deadline, your scores need to be received by December 10. Are there fee waivers? You may request a fee waiver by indicating your eligibility on your application. A separate fee waiver document or request is not required, but you may be required to submit documentation in support of the request. If you have already submitted your application for admission and did not request a fee waiver, you can submit the Request for Fee Waiver form in MyStatus using the Document Upload System. Note that fee waivers are not available for international applicants who will not graduate from a Texas high school. What happens after I apply? We conduct an individualized holistic review of each applicant, and this takes some time to complete. We recognize that students would like to receive a decision on their application as soon as possible, and we appreciate your patience. Please know that our timeline is designed to ensure careful consideration of each applicant. How do I check my application status? MyStatus will always have the most up to date information for you. Calculus Readiness (Freshman Applicants) FAQ What is the Calculus Readiness Requirement? Students applying to these majors are required to show calculus readiness: Majors in Cockrell School of Engineering Majors in Jackson School of Geosciences Environmental Science major in the College of Liberal Arts College of Natural Sciences (specific majors listed below) Computer Science major Environmental Science major History and Computer Science major Linguistics and Computer Science major Neuroscience and Computer Science major More details found here . How do I show calculus readiness? Details on how to meet Calculus Readiness can be found here . I am currently taking calculus and/or I plan to take an AP/IB calculus test in the spring. Does this count? If you will not receive a final grade for your calculus course or receive an AP/IB score by December 10, then it will not count for calculus readiness purposes. I took a Calculus I course and made a B or higher prior to senior year, but the requirement is still listed as incomplete on my checklist. It is likely your transcript is still in review (indicated by a gray checkmark). Once our team reviews your transcript and sees the course, they will mark you as Calculus Ready. If I am using a test score to meet Calculus Readiness, when is my official test score due? To meet the final deadline, official scores from the testing agency must be received by December 10. If you have already submitted a test score and your application is complete, you have until December 10 to submit an additional official test score to meet Calculus Readiness. I self-reported my test scores on my application. Will that be enough? Test scores must be sent from the testing agency. Can I take the UTMA (UT Math Assessment) to meet the Calculus Readiness requirement for admission purposes? No. The UTMA is only used for placement into calculus once a student is admitted and enrolling (typically in the spring prior to summer orientation). Undergraduate applicants cannot take the UTMA for admission purposes. Academic Coursework Form (Freshman Applicant) FAQ Do I need to submit the Academic Coursework Form? Some students are required to complete the Academic Coursework Form. MyStatus will indicate if this is required. If it is not listed, then you are not required to submit. Do I include courses that count for high school credit that I took in middle school? No, do not include any courses taken prior to ninth grade. Do I include courses that I am currently taking in 12th grade? No, do not include any courses that are in progress. Do I include all courses on my transcript? Only include completed classes within the five principal subject areas (English, Mathematics, Science, Social Studies, Language Other Than English). You are not required to enter "Other" cou rsework. I took a summer class during high school. Which grade level should I categorize this as on the entry form? If you took summer courses, you can enter them with the grade level before or after they were taken. What if I took all of the courses for one subject area in middle school? Do I still report them? No, please do not include middle school coursework. If courses in a subject area were completed prior to high school and you have no high school courses in that subject area to report, you may check "No courses to report." How do I input my grades if my grades are not on the 100-point or A-F scale? If your school does not use a letter grade (A-F) or 100 point grading scale, we recommend that you speak to your school to see if they have resources available to convert your grades. If not, there are a number of free, online tools available that can assist with their conversion. In cases where a grade can be two levels like an A/B, the higher level can be used. The University does not endorse any tool; therefore, we are unable to make recommendations. My school does not list credits on my transcript. What should I input for my credits? If your transcript does not provide information on credits earned, you can infer credits from how often grades are awarded. For example, if you are awarded grades each year, you can infer that you have earned 1 credit for that course. If you are awarded grades every semester, you can infer that you have earned 0.5 credits for that course. Is there a way to save the form and work on it later? No, the form cannot be saved. It should be completed in one sitting. Once you submit the form, you will not be able to make any edits or corrections. Applying for Freshman Honors Programs FAQ I want to apply to an honors program, but it's not showing up for me because of my major choices. How can I update my majors? If you want to change your first- and/or second-choice major(s) so that you can apply to an honors program, email us at usprocessing3@austin.utexas.edu . Include your full name, UT EID and updated first- and/or second-choice majors. If your request is approved, you will gain access to the honors application within three to five business days. If I apply for honors and am not admitted, can I still be admitted to UT? Yes, it is possible to be admitted to UT but not to the honors program that you have applied to. The Office of Admissions makes admissions decisions separately from honors programs. Transfer FAQ (Domestic and International) Am I a transfer student? You are considered a transfer student if: You have already started your post-secondary studies at another college or university after graduating from high school or earning a GED. You have or will have earned 24 semester hours of required transferable coursework at another college or university. The option to use coursework in progress is not available for spring semester applicants. You have graduated from another institution and want to take additional undergraduate coursework. Are transfer students able to apply for the Early Action deadline? There is not an Early Action deadline for transfer admission. When will I receive my admission decision? For summer/fall enrollment, you will receive an admission notification by mid/late-June. For spring enrollment, you will receive a decision by mid-December. Some decisions are made and delivered earlier than the published decision dates. What applications does UT accept? If you are applying for transfer admission to summer or fall, you have two options when it comes to submitting your application: ApplyTexas or the Common App. If you are applying for spring admission, you should submit this application . Do I need to submit both applications? No, only one application should be completed. Does UT have a preference about which application I submit? No, please complete the application that works best for you! Your choice will not impact your admission decision. Are there any prerequisites for transfer applicants? Prerequisites and requirements vary by college, school and major. Review the additional application requirements for transfer admission on our Colleges and Degrees page. Colleges and Degrees How do I apply for UT scholarships? Continuing students, transfer students who have completed the admissions application and former students applying for readmission may apply for scholarships by completing the Continuing and Transfer Scholarship Application . The application is available starting in November each year and is used to award scholarships for the following academic year. Coordinated Admission Program (CAP) transfers should wait until after Dec. 1 to submit the application. The deadline to submit the Continuing & Transfer Scholarship Application is March 15 at midnight CDT. Continuing & Transfer Scholarships Application Do I need to submit SAT and/or ACT tests? No. SAT and/or ACT scores are not required nor reviewed in the transfer admissions process. Are there fee waivers? You may request a fee waiver by indicating your eligibility on your application. A separate fee waiver document or request is not required, but you may be required to submit documentation in support of your request. If you have already submitted your application for admission and did not request a fee waiver, you can submit the Request for Fee Waiver form within MyStatus using the Document Upload System. Note that international students are not eligible for fee waivers. How do I check my application status? MyStatus will always have the most up to date information for you. International FAQ What applications does UT accept? For international students, UT accepts the Common App and ApplyTexas applications. What is the application fee? The application fee is $90 for international students. Are there any fee waivers? There are no fee waivers for international students. I paid my fee on the Common App, but MyStatus is not showing my application fee payment as received. Do I need to take further action? Payments made via Flywire can take around 10 days to process through our system, which means it can take time for MyStatus to update. If you have proof of successful payment, you do not need to pay again. Please monitor MyStatus for updates on when your application fee checklist item is complete. I can't pay my fee online. Is there a mail option? If you are an international applicant and are not able to pay your fee online using a credit card, you may mail your payment in the form of a cashier's check, bank money order or bank draft in U.S. dollars to: The University of Texas at Austin Office of Admissions PO Box 300609 Austin, TX 78703 Make checks payable to The University of Texas at Austin and write your six-digit Application ID number, UT EID or UT Assigned Student ID number on your check or money order. Do not send cash or personal checks. Do I have to submit TOEFL, IELTS or DET scores? You must submit Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), International English Language Testing System (IELTS) or Duolingo English Test (DET) scores unless you graduated from a high school in the United States or in a country where English is the only official language after completing at least three years of study. You are also exempt from submitting TOEFL or IELTS exam results if you are from the following qualifying countries: American Samoa Australia Bahamas Barbados Belize Canada (except Quebec) Dominica Ghana Grenada Grand Cayman Guyana India Ireland Jamaica Kenya Liberia New Zealand Nigeria Singapore Trinidad/Tobago Turks and Caicos Islands United Kingdom U.S. Pacific Trust The requirement will not be waived for the completion of English Compositions courses. What are the minimum scores acceptable for admission? Minimum scores acceptable for admission are: TOEFL: 79 (internet-based test) IELTS: An overall band of 6.5 on the Academic Examination DET: 115 minimum overall score What are the university codes for TOEFL, IELTS or DET? UT Austin's TOEFL code is 6882. There is no institutional code for the IELTS or DET examination. To fulfill the requirement with scores from the IELTS, please use the IELTS electronic score delivery service to send your scores to the "University of Texas at Austin" account. To send your scores to DET, select "University of Texas at Austin - Undergraduate Admissions". What grades does my high school transcript need to include? If you are an international applicant, you must submit documentation showing that you have completed an accredited secondary school series equivalent to that of a U.S. high school. Submit an official record or transcript (mark sheet) that shows all your secondary school work and grades (or marks) starting with ninth grade and continuing through the end of 12th grade. You should also include copies of your official final examinations taken at the end of the secondary school program, including external exams such as the General Certificate of Education "O" and "A" Level Examinations, school leaving certificates and matriculation exams. What if my transcripts are not written in English? If the documents you are submitting are written in a language other than English, you must also submit complete and official English translations together with the original-language records. How do I submit my transcript? You can view how to submit your transcripts on our Transcript Info page. Please note, transcripts are not accepted via email. Texas Residency FAQ Where can I learn more information about Texas residency? More details about Texas Residency can be found here: Texas Residency If you aren't a U.S. citizen or a permanent resident but graduated or will graduate from a Texas high school and you believe you qualify for residency for tuition purposes, visit our Texas Residency page for more information. Questions? We've got the answers. From deadlines to resume tips, our admissions counselors are here to help you every step of the way. Find Your Counselor Request Information admissions@austin.utexas.edu 512-475-7399 UT Home University Resources Emergency Information Emergency Information Site Policy Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy