Skip to main navigation Skip to content UTEXAS.EDU MyStatus Contact Info For Parents & Families Padres y Familias High School Counselors High School Students Military-Affiliated & Veteran Students International Students First-Generation Students Admitted Students Admitted Freshman Students Admitted Transfer Students Texas Residents Search for: Explore Visit Campus Tours Virtual Tour Info Sessions Virtual Info Sessions Admissions Centers Summer Discovery Academic Degrees Texas Honors Student Life Housing & Dining Life in Austin Career Success Ranks & Stats Research Contact Cost & Aid Cost & Tuition Rates Financial Aid Texas Advance Commitment Apply Freshman Transfer Transfer Credit Resources Optional Transfer Considerations Honors Visiting Returning International International Transfer Application Materials Transcript Info Essays & Short Answers High School Prerequisites Review & Decision Process Appeals Waitlist Alternative Pathways to Enrollment CAP - Coordinated Admission Program UT San Antonio UT Arlington UT Tyler UT El Paso UT Rio Grande Valley UT Permian Basin Stephen F. Austin Transitioning to UT Austin Coordinated Admissions Program (CAP) FAQs UT Austin Spring Start Program - SSP TAP PACE FAQs MyStatus Info For Parents & Families Padres y Familias High School Counselors High School Students Military & Veterans International Students First-Generation Admitted Students Admitted Freshman Students Admitted Transfer Students Texas Residents MyStatus Contact Freshman Transfer Transfer Credit Resources Optional Transfer Considerations Honors Visiting Returning International International Transfer Application Materials Transcript Info Essays & Short Answers High School Prerequisites Review & Decision Process Appeals Waitlist Alternative Pathways to Enrollment CAP - Coordinated Admission Program UT San Antonio UT Arlington UT Tyler UT El Paso UT Rio Grande Valley UT Permian Basin Stephen F. Austin Transitioning to UT Austin Coordinated Admissions Program (CAP) FAQs UT Austin Spring Start Program - SSP TAP PACE FAQs MyStatus Apply › Application Materials Transcript Info This page is for prospective and current students who need to submit transcripts to UT Austin. Find your student type, explore what's required and determine your submittal options. UT Austin does not accept transcripts via email. Freshman - Domestic This section applies to U.S. citizens, permanent residents and international students graduating from a Texas high school who have not enrolled at another college or university. Learn more . What's Required Transcripts must include your class rank in addition to information about high school coursework. Submit your transcripts with your class rank for the latest semester you completed prior to the application deadline. Rank should be indicated as your numerical position out of the total number of students in the class. For example, if you're fifth in your class of 130, your transcript should report your rank as 5/130. If you attend a Texas public school, your transcript should indicate the high school diploma program you will be graduating under, as defined in the state's Uniform Admission Policy. Transcripts From Non-Ranking High Schools If your high school does not rank students, include a statement from your school describing its policy, a copy of your school's profile and a GPA or grade distribution report. Transcripts From Foreign High Schools If you attended a foreign high school, submit an official record or transcript (mark sheet) that shows all your secondary school work and grades (or marks) starting with ninth grade and continuing through at least the end of 11th grade. You should also include copies of your official final examinations taken at the end of the secondary school program, including external exams such as the General Certificate of Education (GCE) "O" and "A" level examinations, school leaving certificates and matriculation exams. Homeschooled & GED Students In accordance with Texas Senate Bill 1543, if you received a non- traditional secondary education (for example, if you were homeschooled or earned a GED in lieu of a high school diploma), you will be assigned a percentile rank comparable to the average class rank of students from traditional schools who have equivalent SAT or ACT test scores. Homeschooled Applicants If you were homeschooled, submit a transcript that: Lists all courses undertaken at each grade level, along with a brief description of the course content and information about the format of the course (in a classroom, online, etc.). Is signed by a school official, defined as the adult person who was primarily responsible for your education. GED Applicants If you earned a GED, submit your high school transcripts showing any coursework completed along with a copy of the GED certificate. Submitting Your Transcripts High School Transcripts High schools and school districts have their own protocols for submitting transcripts. UT accepts transcripts in a variety of ways to accommodate this. Contact your high school to determine which of the following methods should be used to submit your transcript: The Common App TRex MyStatus, accessible only by students after application submission Edocs/Naviance/Parchment/Scoir/Greenlight By mail Note regarding MyStatus: Please do not create a UT EID prior to the application. Once you have submitted your application and gain access to MyStatus, you can use the MyStatus portal to submit your high school transcript. Note regarding transcripts: We do not accept transcripts or documents via email. Transcripts require review and processing. This may take 7-10 business days during peak periods. College Credit Transcripts Some colleges are able to submit transcripts electronically to UT Austin on your behalf using our SPEEDE server or Parchment. Connect with their registrar's office to request they send your official transcript to us. If SPEEDE or Parchment are not available, transcripts can be mailed to the Office of Admissions or hand delivered. Keep in mind, mail and hand delivery are not preferred and may result in processing delays. We cannot accept transcripts submitted via email. Mail To mail your transcripts, please visit our Contact page for our mailing address. Freshman - International This section applies to citizens of another country who are not permanent residents of the U.S. and are not graduating from a Texas high school who have not enrolled at another college or university. Learn more . What's Required Submit documentation showing that you have completed (or will be completing) an accredited secondary school series equivalent to that of a U.S. high school. Submit an official record or transcript (mark sheet) that includes: All your secondary school work and grades (or marks) starting with ninth grade and continuing through at least the end of 11th grade. You will need to include ninth grade even if that work was completed at a different institution. Copies of your official final examinations taken at the end of the secondary school program, including external exams such as the General Certificate of Education (GCE) "O" and "A" level examinations, school leaving certificates and matriculation exams. Submitting Your Transcripts Note regarding transcripts: Transcripts require review and processing. This may take 7-10 business days during peak periods. High School Transcripts We are unable to accept transcripts via email. Contact your high school to determine which of the following methods can be used to submit your transcript: MyStatus, accessible after application submission Edocs/Naviance/Parchment/Scoir/Greenlight If the documents you are submitting are written in a language other than English, you must also submit complete and official English translations together with the original language records. Note regarding MyStatus: Please do not create a UT EID prior to the application. Once you have submitted your application and gain access to MyStatus, you can use the MyStatus portal to submit your high school transcript. College Credit Transcripts We cannot accept transcripts submitted via email. Some colleges are able to submit transcripts electronically to UT Austin on your behalf using our SPEEDE server or Parchment. Connect with their registrar's office to request they send your official transcript to us. Otherwise, upload a PDF using the Document Upload System in MyStatus. You can upload an official PDF transcript issued by the institution or a scan of the official paper transcript issued to you by the registrar. Please do not mail official transcripts or paper copies of your transcripts before you are offered admission. If the documents you are submitting are written in a language other than English, you must also submit complete and official English translations together with the original language records. Mail To mail your transcripts, please visit our Contact page for our mailing address. Transfer - Domestic This section applies to U.S. citizens or permanent residents who have already started studying at another college or university. Learn more . What's Required You must submit all transcripts documenting any enrollment at a college, university or post-secondary school. Y our transcripts must show grades/credit for all completed coursework. Transcripts displaying partial grades within a semester (i.e., some courses show complete while others show in progress) will be considered incomplete. This includes institutions at which you: Earned dual credit coursework while in high school. Earned credit that was then transferred to another institution. Were awarded credit through study abroad, especially if the study abroad program was handled through a third-party institution (not your home college/university). Enrolled in coursework but did not earn credit. Fall applicants only: If you are enrolled in courses at the time of the deadline, submit an updated transcript from your current college or university as soon as your grades are posted for this additional coursework, no later than June 1. If the credit was earned through OnRamps, you do not need to submit a separate UT Austin transcript to UT Austin. OnRamps college credit is recorded on your UT Austin academic record after final grades are reported. You must still submit transcripts from every other college, university or postsecondary institution you attended. To be considered for transfer, credit you earned by examination must be listed on an official college transcript you submit to UT with departmental abbreviations and course numbers used by that institution. Letter grades assigned to such coursework by the sending institution will be included when your transfer GPA is calculated. Test scores, attachments to the official college transcript or letters from the institution's registrar's office are not accepted as a substitute for formal transcript credit. High School Transcripts (If Applicable) Texas High School Graduates If you are a Texas high school graduate and want to be considered for automatic transfer admission, submit an official high school transcript showing your class rank. Rank should be indicated as your numerical position out of the total number of students in the class. For example, if you were fifth in your class of 130, your transcript should report your rank as 5/130. Other Applicants You may wish to submit a high school transcript during the application process. Although it is not required to complete your application, it must be submitted before you enroll to determine your correct course placement. Submitting Your Transcripts College Transcripts Some colleges are able to submit transcripts to UT Austin on your behalf using our SPEEDE server or Parchment. If those options are not available or if your school can only send transcripts via email, we have alternate submittal options below. Online Submission We cannot accept transcripts submitted via email. If your college or university can only email transcripts, have an official transcript sent directly to your email address. You can then upload it via MyStatus. Ensure the uploaded document is a digital scan or PDF version of an official transcript, with front and back included. Any document labeled "unofficial," grade reports or advising reports, photos (i.e., images taken with a smartphone) and screenshots are not acceptable. Mail or Hand Delivery You may also mail or hand deliver official transcripts to one of our Admissions Centers . Keep in mind, mail and hand delivery are not preferred and may result in processing delays. High School Transcripts High school transcripts can be submitted in the following ways: TREx Edocs/Naviance/Parchment/Scoir/Greenlight By mail or hand delivery Mail To mail your transcripts, please visit our Contact page for our mailing address. Transfer - International This section applies to citizens of another country who are not permanent residents of the U.S. who have already started studying at another college or university. Learn more . What's Required International applicants for transfer admission are required to have earned 24 semester hours of required, transferable coursework by the application deadline. You must submit documentation showing that you have completed an accredited secondary school series equivalent to that of a U.S. high school. If the documents you are submitting are written in a language other than English, you must also submit complete and official English translations together with the original language records. Transfer Credit Resources High School Transcripts Submit an official record or transcript (mark sheet) that shows all your secondary school work and grades (or marks) starting with ninth grade and continuing through the end of 12th grade. You will need to include ninth grade even if that work was completed at a different institution. You should also include copies of your official final examinations taken at the end of the secondary school program, including external exams such as the General Certificate of Education "O" and "A" Level Examinations, school leaving certificates and matriculation exams. Submitting Your Transcripts College Transcripts Some colleges are able to submit transcripts to UT Austin on your behalf using our SPEEDE server or Parchment. If those options are not available, we have alternate submittal options below. We cannot accept transcripts submitted via email. If your college or university can only email transcripts, have an official transcript sent directly to your email address. You can then upload it via MyStatus. Ensure the uploaded document is a digital scan or PDF version of an official transcript, with front and back included. Any document labeled "unofficial," grade reports or advising reports, photos (i.e., images taken with a smartphone) and screenshots are not acceptable. High School Transcripts High school transcripts can be submitted in the following ways: TREx Edocs/Naviance/Parchment/Scoir/Greenlight By mail or hand delivery MyStatus Note regarding MyStatus: Please do not create a UT EID prior to the application. Once you have submitted your application and gain access to MyStatus, you can use MyStatus to submit your high school transcript. Mail To mail your transcripts, please visit our Contact page for our mailing address. Current Students This section applies to students currently enrolled who need to submit high school or college transcripts to transfer credit, finalize admission or clear registration holds. What's Required Current students need to submit to the Office of Admissions official college transcripts for transfer credit review or to clear registration holds, and official high school transcripts to finalize their admission and clear holds. For college transcripts, visit our Transfer Credit Resources page to learn how we evaluate courses. Please follow the instructions below to learn how to submit your transcripts. For assistance, please contact the Admissions Office. Transfer Credit Resources Submitting Your Transcripts College Transcripts Colleges and universities have their own protocols for submitting transcripts. UT Austin accepts official transcripts in a variety of ways to accommodate this. SPEEDE Parchment Greenlight By mail (official copies only) Hand delivery (official copies only): The University of Texas at Austin Covert Admissions Welcome Center at Perry-Castañeda Library (PCL) 101 East 21st St. Austin, TX 78712 High School Transcripts To clear your registration hold, your final high school transcript must include final grades for grades 9-12 and your graduation date. We do not accept final high school transcripts through MyStatus or email. Because high schools and districts use different submission methods, UT Austin accepts official transcripts in several ways. Once we receive your transcript, please allow up to 10 business days for your hold to be removed. Texas Record Exchange System (TREx) Naviance/Parchment Greenlight By mail (official copies only) Hand delivery (official copies only): The University of Texas at Austin Covert Admissions Welcome Center at Perry-Castañeda Library (PCL) 101 East 21st St. Austin, TX 78712 If the documents you are submitting are written in a language other than English, you must also submit complete and official English translations together with the original language records. Mail To mail your transcripts, please visit our Contact page for our mailing address. If you are a current student needing to request transcripts from UT Austin, you can find this information at Texas One Stop. Questions? We've got the answers. From deadlines to resume tips, our admissions counselors are here to help you every step of the way. Find Your Counselor Request Information admissions@austin.utexas.edu 512-475-7399 UT Home University Resources Emergency Information Emergency Information Site Policy Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy