Снимок снят через webfetch (curl получил Cloudflare-челлендж). Источник: https://www.haverford.edu/admission/applying/international-students - снято 2026-10-02. International Students Haverford students come from across the United States and around the world. We strive to bring together an eclectic group of students who can contribute widely varying experiences and perspectives to the College community. 192 Currently enrolled students with permanent addresses outside of the U.S. 13.1% International student percentage of student body 51 Countries and Territories represented Deadlines and Fees Haverford's application fee is $65. International students have the same deadlines as all applicants. Frequently Asked Questions Can the application fee be waived? If you cannot afford the application fee, your high school counselor (or another school official) can write a letter to be included in your application explaining the circumstances and requesting a fee waiver. Does Haverford offer financial aid for international students? Yes, Haverford does have financial aid available for a limited number of international students (who are not US citizens or permanent residents) in each entering class. If you apply for financial aid and are admitted, the College will meet 100% of your demonstrated financial need. Please see our International Financial Aid site for additional information about financial aid for international students. What standardized test scores are required and must I send official score reports? Applicants whose first language is not English and who have never attended a secondary school where English is the primary language of instruction are required to submit results from one of the following English proficiency exams: - TOEFL iBT: minimum score of 100 on the previous 0-120 scale or 5 on the new 1-6 scale - IELTS Academic: minimum score of 7.0 - Duolingo English Test: minimum score of 130 Haverford does not prefer one exam over another. Students should take the exam that is most accessible and practical for their individual circumstances. Official scores will need to be sent to Haverford from the testing administrator upon matriculation. TOEFL iBT scale update: Beginning in 2026, the TOEFL iBT will report scores on a new 1-6 scale. For the 2026-2027 admission cycle, Haverford will accept TOEFL iBT scores reported on either the previous 0-120 scale or the new 1-6 scale. We ask that you submit the TOEFL, Duolingo English Test, or IELTS directly from the testing agency. If this is a financial burden for your family, please email us. Haverford's admission process is test-optional. It is entirely your choice as the applicant whether or not to submit standardized test scores. There is no negative impact on your application whichever choice you make. If you do wish to send us your SAT and/or ACT scores, you may submit them as self-reported or official scores to us (we have no preference). You can provide your SAT or ACT scores in any of the following ways: - Enter them in the testing section of the Common Application, Coalition Application, or QuestBridge Application. - Take a screenshot of your score report and email it to us. Please note that we cannot process test scores submitted on a high school transcript. - Send them to us directly from the testing agency; Haverford's testing codes are 2289 (SAT) and 3590 (ACT). - Have your counselor or other school official provide a copy of your score report by email or by fax (866 769-6758). Please note that for students who choose to submit standardized test scores, official scores will be required after enrollment. Official scores will be verified and discrepancies between self-reported scores and official scores may jeopardize your enrollment at Haverford. Does Haverford require an interview as part of the application? Haverford interviews are optional but highly recommended. An interview gives applicants an opportunity to share more about themselves, their experiences, and their interests beyond the written application, while also learning more about Haverford. Applicants are encouraged to complete a Haverford-specific interview when possible. Students may also submit additional interview materials through InitialView or Vericant.