Снимок снят через webfetch (curl получил Cloudflare-челлендж). Источник: https://www.haverford.edu/admission/applying/application-instructions - снято 2026-10-02. Application Instructions Haverford seeks students who demonstrate ability and interest in: achieving at the highest levels of scholarship and service; engaging deeply and substantively with the community; and growing both intellectually and personally. The rigor of the courses you've taken, your grades, and the consistency with which you've worked over four years gives us the clearest indication of how well you will do at Haverford. Standardized tests can also play a role in helping us evaluate you in comparison to students taught in many different secondary schools. Recommendations, the form and content of your writing, your potential for contribution to the campus community, and your interview all help the Admission Committee draw fine distinctions among highly talented applicants. Methods of Applying At Haverford, we accept the Common Application, Questbridge Application, or the Apply Coalition with Scoir in addition to a brief supplement. There is no preferred application. All application types are given equal consideration. Students should select the application type that is most convenient for their own process. Regular Decision Postmark your application by January 10. You'll receive our decision in early April. If you're admitted, you'll need to reply to our offer by May 1. If you wish to remain on another school's waitlist after May 1, let us know, and we can extend your deadline. Early Decision This is a good option only for those who have decided early in the college search process that Haverford is their clear first choice. As an Early Decision applicant, you agree not to be an ED candidate at any other college. You also agree, if admitted, to withdraw your Regular Decision applications from other colleges and to enroll at Haverford. Early Decision I applications should be submitted by November 15, and you will be notified of our decision by December 15. Early Decision II applications must be submitted by January 5, and you will be notified of our decision by February 15. ED applicants may be admitted, deferred for reconsideration with the Regular Decision pool, or denied admission. Deferred Enrollment/Gap Year If admitted through the Early Decision or Regular Decision process, you may request to defer your enrollment for one year provided you make that request by May 1. During your gap year, you may not enroll as a degree-seeking student at any other institution or apply to any other colleges. Early Admission If you want to enroll at Haverford after completing your junior year of high school, you may apply to do so through any of our application processes. You must include a letter with your application detailing your reasons for leaving high school early. We also expect you to have an interview with a member of our Admission staff via Zoom. Transfer Applicants If you plan to apply to Haverford as a Transfer student (offered for fall entry only), please submit the Common Application, required writing supplement, and supporting credentials by March 31. You'll receive our decision by May 15. Interviews We recommend that all applicants schedule an interview prior to applying. Interviews are evaluative - they help us in our aim of getting to know you as a whole person. Of course, Haverford interviews are also informational. We will always allow time for you to ask questions as well and hope that this exchange helps you to get to know Haverford better. Interviews are generally available beginning in the spring of your junior year through early January of your senior year. Standardized Testing Policy Haverford's admission process is test-optional - it is entirely your choice as the applicant whether or not to submit standardized test scores. If you feel that your test scores are a good or strong indicator of your academic performance and potential, then it might make sense to submit your test scores. If you choose not to submit your test scores, we won't ask or wonder why! There is no negative impact on your application whichever choice you make. If you do wish to send us your SAT and/or ACT scores, you may submit them as self-reported or official scores to us (we have no preference). You can use any of the following options to submit your test scores: - Enter your scores in the testing section of your application (Common Application, Coalition Application, or the QuestBridge application). - Send a screenshot or scanned copy of your official score report(s) to us. - Have them sent directly to us by the testing agency; Haverford's testing codes are 2289 (SAT) and 3590 (ACT). - Have your counselor or other school official provide a copy of your score report by email or by fax (866 769-6758). Please note that for students who choose to submit standardized test scores, official scores will be required after enrollment. Official scores will be verified and discrepancies between self-reported scores and official scores may jeopardize your enrollment at Haverford. Students whose first language is not English, and who have never attended a secondary school where English is the primary language of instruction, must also take the TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test. Haverford requires a minimum score of 100 on the internet-based TOEFL, 7 on the IELTS, or 130 on the Duolingo English Test. There is no preferred test. Students should take the exam that makes the most logistical sense for their personal circumstance. IB, AP, International Exams, and College Courses If you've taken International Baccalaureate, Advanced Placement, international exams (such as A-levels), or college courses during secondary school, we view this as significant evidence of your academic accomplishment and preparation. If you have taken courses at a college or university, please have a transcript sent directly from the school to our office. Typically applicants will have taken a rigorous college preparatory program that includes at least: four years of English, three years of mathematics, three years of one foreign language, three years of laboratory science, and three years of history or social studies. Personal interests dictate additional courses in foreign language, mathematics, science, social studies and history. Most candidates will have taken more than the minimum expectations, including honors, enriched, Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate courses, if offered. Most students admitted to Haverford will have a high-school diploma or GED, though exceptions to this requirement can be made.