Снимок снят через webfetch (curl получил Cloudflare-челлендж). Источник: https://www.haverford.edu/admission/tuition-and-aid - снято 2026-10-02. Tuition and Aid Haverford College is committed to removing cost as a barrier to attendance for any student to whom we offer admission. Haverford meets the full demonstrated financial need of all admitted students-including international students, transfers, and students admitted from the waiting list. Our financial aid policy also reflects a commitment to minimizing student debt upon graduation. Students with family income below $60,000/year will not have loans included in their financial aid package; loan levels for incomes above this line range from $1,500 - $3,000 each year. Tuition and Fees 2026-2027 Tuition $74,930 Fees $552 Housing $12,458 Food $8,096 Total $96,036 First-Year Orientation fee: $311 (charged fall term) The Cost of Attendance (COA) is provided to all students so that they can understand not only the charges they will pay the College, but also indirect costs (those they will incur by virtue of enrollment but will not be billed for) associated with attendance. Anyone applying for aid will receive an award based on the COA and not solely on the billed fees. Financial Aid Statistics 51% receive some form of financial aid 47% received a college grant $70,469 average total grant aid We're here to help. Please take time to read more about the unique policies we've developed to make a Haverford education affordable for every family. Financial aid is awarded on the basis of financial need, as determined through a formula developed by the College that seeks to minimize the burden felt by our students and their families. Haverford will meet the full demonstrated need of all admitted students who were judged eligible according to the College's formula and procedures. It is important that you and your family understand all the procedures and policies of the financial aid program at Haverford. All information and necessary forms are provided on this site.