Снимок снят через webfetch (curl получил Cloudflare-челлендж). Источник: https://www.haverford.edu/financial-aid/frequently-asked-questions/international-students-faq - снято 2026-10-02. International Students FAQ Does Haverford College provide financial aid for international students? Yes. There is limited aid available for international students, making admission for such students especially competitive; however, we do meet 100% of the demonstrated need of all admitted students. Does it matter whether I apply Early Decision or Regular Decision? International students who need financial aid may apply Early Decision I, Early Decision II, or Regular Decision; they cannot enter as a transfer student. Is there financial aid available for international transfer students? Unfortunately, no. International students who apply and are admitted as transfer students will not receive financial aid because the available funds are always allocated to incoming first-year applicants. Can I be admitted as a first-year international student, receive no aid, and then reapply for aid in my second year or in any subsequent year? No. Unfortunately, all international student aid is already committed to a small number of students per class, so there are no funds remaining to assist additional students. If you do not receive Haverford College financial aid when you are admitted to the College as a Regular Decision student, you will not be eligible to receive aid in any subsequent year of attendance. How is need determined for international students? The Financial Aid Office determines need by subtracting the calculated family contribution from the total tuition and fees amount. Please note that these expenses do not include travel if you live outside the United States, nor do they include living expenses for periods when the College is not in session. College policy requires that the Financial Aid Office subtract the standard academic year job and summer savings expectation made of all students. While the international students receiving Haverford College financial aid will be able to earn the standard employment expectation during the academic year, the College does not provide funding for the summer savings expectation. You will have to provide these funds in addition to any contribution your family will have to make and in addition to any expenses not covered by the allowances made under our standard expense budget. Finally, your need is reduced for any outside aid, benefit, or educational payment you may receive. After deducting the family contribution, outside aid, and the standard summer savings and academic year job expectations, the remaining need is met with Haverford College grant funds. How is the decision made on which international students will receive aid? As with any other applicant, international students will be offered admission to the College based on the strength of their application. We do meet 100% of the demonstrated need of all admitted students. Can undocumented students receive financial aid at Haverford? Haverford welcomes applications from undocumented students. We meet 100% of the demonstrated need of all admitted students.