KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More EN Nederlands English Home Admission and application Looking to apply to KU Leuven in Belgium? Learn about programs, admission requirements, deadlines, language criteria and the application process for international students. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg Admission and application You've chosen one of our programmes and are ready to apply - great news! To begin the application process at our university, you'll need to follow a few steps. The exact procedure depends on whether you obtained your secondary education and/or previous degree(s) within the Flemish Community (Belgium) or elsewhere. How to apply as a non-Flemish degree holder If you obtained your previous degree(s) outside of the Flemish Community, you must go through the application process before you can register for a KU Leuven programme. Apply as non-Flemish degree holder Flemish degree holder Students who obtained a degree from an institution within the Flemish Community can be granted access to their chosen programme and register directly, provided their qualification corresponds to the required study level. A secondary school diploma grants access to bachelor's programmes, while a bachelor's degree grants access to master's programmes Register as Flemish degree holder Dutch VWO degree holder If you hold a Dutch VWO diploma ('voorbereidend wetenschappelijk onderwijs') and wish to register for a bachelor's programme at KU Leuven, you may follow the same registration instructions as students with a Flemish secondary school diploma. However, if you are interested in the Bachelor of European Studies or a Joint Bachelor's degree with UC Louvain ( Bachelor of Business Engineering , Bachelor of Laws ), you must submit a formal application for admission. Because these are joint programmes, all applications are assessed by the organising consortium. All other types of Dutch diplomas require assessment, for which you apply as a non-Flemish degree holder . Information for Dutch degree holders ( in Dutch) Exceptions for Flemish degree holders If you wish to register for the Bachelor of European Studies or a Joint Bachelor's degree with UC Louvain ( Bachelor of Business Engineering , Bachelor of Laws ), you must submit a formal application for admission. Because these are joint programmes, all applications are assessed by the organising consortium. Some Erasmus Mundus master's programmes and advanced master's programmes also require holders of a Flemish diploma to submit an application for admission. Always consult the admission requirements of the specific programme to determine whether you must apply for admission and how to submit your application file. Additionally, not all Flemish diplomas can be verified through the Flemish Learning and Experience Database (LED). If your diploma was issued by an institution listed here , it cannot be verified via LED and therefore requires a separate verification procedure. In this case, you must submit an application for admission. Contact The KU Leuven Admissions Office functions as the contact, advice, expertise and administrative centre for KU Leuven and its Association with respect to the admission of students with a previous non-Flemish diploma. Contact us Last update: Jun 30, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be