KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More Home Application instructions Apply to KU Leuven Apply to KU Leuven Interested in studying at KU Leuven? This brief guide will explain all major steps you need to take to prepare your application in case you do not have a Flemish degree that gives direct access to your desired programme. Make sure you check all steps: it will significantly improve your chances to get admitted. We look forward to receiving your application! https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/application-instructions/apply-to-kuleuven https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg Apply to KU Leuven Prepare your application Interested in studying at KU Leuven? This brief guide will explain all major steps you need to take to prepare your application in case you do not have a Flemish degree that gives direct access to your desired programme. Make sure you check all steps: it will significantly improve your chances to get admitted. We look forward to receiving your application! Step-by-step guide to apply This guide will help you prepare your application if you wish to pursue a bachelor, master, advanced master or postgraduate studies at KU Leuven. There are different procedures for exchange students , PhD students or credit contracts . For degree seeking students: Step 1: Browse our programmes and get informed Step 2: Check the admission requirements Step 3: Check the application window Step 4: Check the tuition fees and scholarship options for your programme Step 5: Collect the requested documents Step 6: Start your application Every programme at KU Leuven has its own entry requirements, application procedure and deadlines. Please always consult the conditions specifically for your programme of interest. 1 Browse our programmes and get informed First check whether KU Leuven offers any of the programmes you might be interested in. Our programme pages will give you details about the programme courses, further career opportunities and the student profile they're looking for. Even with all the relevant information at hand, choosing a university can be a daunting task. Our international team is here to help you with a wide range of online presentations. You might even be able to meet us in your own country at one of the study abroad information fairs we attend. Check our list of degree programmes Check our postgraduate certificates and continuing studies Join one of our webinars Meet us abroad 2 Check admission requirements Every KU Leuven programme has their own admission requirements. Make sure to read the detailed admission requirements of the specific study programmes available at the various KU Leuven campuses, to see if you are eligible. Check the admission requirements Search for your programme, click on 'admission requirements' and then select the admission requirements for the year that you would like to start your studies. It is not possible to transfer into a programme at KU Leuven. Applicants interested in transferring must apply as a new student via the regular application procedure. 3 Check when to apply Several English-taught programmes have a fixed application deadline - check yours via the application window tool . For Dutch-taught programmes, the deadline for non-EEA applicants is 1 February . EEA applicants applying for a Dutch-taught programme are not subject to a deadline. If no strict deadline is mentioned, please be informed that applying as early as possible is still recommended to assure an efficient evaluation process. Note that our application tool does not automatically block submissions after a strict deadline. Before submitting your application, it is your responsibility to verify that the application deadline has not yet passed. 4 Check the tuition fees and scholarship options for your programme You can check the tuition fee and scholarship options for your programme using our tuition fee calculator and scholarships database. Tuition fee calculator Scholarships database 5 Collect the requested documents All programmes request the same core documents. The additional documents depend on the programme you wish to apply for and can be consulted in the admission requirements . Application for a Bachelor's programme Application for a Master's , Advanced Master's or postgraduate programme 6 Start your application To start your application at KU Leuven, log in to the web app via your browser and complete your personal data, upload the required documents and pay the application fee. Application instructions In general, it is not possible to submit an application for a diploma contract with the intention to start in the second semester. All students start the academic year in September. The only exception is the Preparatory programme for the Master of Rehabilitation Sciences and Physiotherapy, which always starts in February. All of our programmes are taught full time and during the day. We do not offer evening or weekend classes. Check out the academic calendar Exchange students Exchange students remain enrolled at their home university while spending a few months to a full academic year at KU Leuven, free of charge. They take part in one of the European Commission's educational programmes, such as Erasmus+. Others are visiting Leuven in the framework of an exchange agreement at faculty level between their home university and KU Leuven. Apply as an exchange student Credit contract Some students just want to register for one or more course units, with the intention of obtaining a credit certificate instead of a full degree. In their education regulations, the faculties determine what possible course credits can or cannot qualify for a credit contract. Apply for a credit contract PhD students You can start a PhD at KU Leuven either by applying for a vacant position or by finding a supervisor and writing your own research proposal. Either way requires you to get a formal approval and invitation by your future supervisor. Apply as a PhD student Need help? Do you have questions or are you encountering any issues? Do not hesitate to reach out for help. Contact us Last update: Jul 13, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact To homepage kuleuven.be