KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More EN Nederlands English Home Requested documents Requested documents You can find an overview of the requested documents for your application to KU Leuven. Depending on the type of programme you wish to apply for, you will need to upload different documents. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/requested-documents https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg Requested documents You can find an overview of the requested documents for your application to KU Leuven. Depending on the type of programme you wish to apply for, you will need to upload different documents. Depending on the type of programme you wish to apply for, you will need to upload different documents. I want to apply for a Bachelor's programme I want to apply for a Master, Advanced Master, Bridging programme, Preparatory programme or Postgraduate programme I want to apply for a credit contract I want to apply as a doctoral student I want to apply as an Exchange student I want to apply as an International Scholar I want to apply as a Visiting Scholar I want to apply as a Specialisation Student The Admissions Office reserves the right to ask for official or certified hard copies of transcripts (or diplomas) if required for the evaluation of the application. Please note that successful degree seeking applicants will have to present their original diploma(s) to the Admissions Office prior to enrolment. Need help? Experiencing issues with uploading your documents? Contact us I want to apply for a Bachelor's programme Core documents It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core documents : Diploma and transcripts of academic records of your secondary education If you still need to graduate at the time of your application, you can upload your official intermediate transcripts. You can verify whether your secondary qualification meets the minimum eligibility criteria here . If you hold a high school diploma including Advanced Placement (AP) courses, please upload the official AP certificate as well. Translation of your diploma(s) and official transcripts If your documents were not officially issued in English, Dutch, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Bulgarian, Polish, or Ukrainian, you must provide a translation into English, Dutch, French, or German, either issued by your institution or by a sworn translator. English Proficiency Certificate More information on the accepted tests and the KU Leuven minimum scores can be consulted here . Make sure your test result is made available for online verification . The identity page of your passport If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). If you currently hold a Belgian Residence Permit, please also upload scans of both sides of the card. Motivation letter (recommended length: one A4-page) Curriculum Vitae (CV) Proof of payment of the application fee If you paid through the web application, the system will automatically register that you have paid. If you paid by bank transfer , please upload a detailed proof of payment, stating the account holder's name and account details. Some exemptions apply. Additional documents Each programme may request additional documents . You can find these in the specific admission requirements of the programme . Grading table If the description of the grading system of your home institution is not included in your transcripts, please provide a document explaining the grading system SAT, ACT, AP Calculus or SOWISO OMPT test results If the programme you are applying for requires one of these tests, please upload your official score report and make your test result available for online verification . For mainland Chinese citizens: we do not require the APS certificate at the time of application. I want to apply for a Master, Advanced Master, Bridging programme, Preparatory programme or Postgraduate programme Core documents It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core documents : Diploma and transcripts of academic records of your higher education If you still need to graduate at the time of your application, you can upload your official intermediate transcripts. You do not need to upload the documents from your secondary education. Translation of your diploma(s) and official transcripts If your documents are not in English, Dutch, French or German, you must provide a translation into one of these languages, either issued by your institution or by a sworn translator. An exception is made for the Máster en Estudios Ibéricos e Iberoamericanos , which also accepts documents in Spanish. English Proficiency Certificate More information on the accepted tests and the KU Leuven minimum scores can be consulted here . Make sure your test result is made available for online verification . The identity page of your passport If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). If you currently hold a Belgian Residence Permit, please also upload scans of both sides of the card. Motivation letter (recommended length: one A4-page) Curriculum Vitae (CV) Proof of payment of the application fee If you paid through the web application, the system will automatically register that you have paid. If you paid by bank transfer , please upload a detailed proof of payment, stating the account holder's name and account details. Some exemptions apply. Additional documents Each programme may request additional documents . You can find these in the specific admission requirements of the programme . Grading table If the description of the grading system of your home institution is not included in your transcripts, please provide a document explaining the grading system GMAT or GRE test results If the programme you are applying for requires one of these tests, please upload your official score report and make your test result available for online verification . Recommendation letters You can download the template for the recommendation letters here . VLIR-ICP scholarships documents Applicants for VLIR-ICP scholarships have to submit an IPC Connect scholarship document (docx format). Please read the specific VLIR-ICP scholarship selection criteria carefully before you apply, and check the requested documents here . For mainland Chinese citizens: we do not require the APS certificate at the time of application. I want to apply for a credit contract Core documents It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core documents : Diploma and transcripts of academic records of your higher education If you still need to graduate at the time of your application, you can upload your official intermediate transcripts. You do not need to upload the documents from your secondary education. Translation of your diploma(s) and official transcripts If your documents are not in English, Dutch, French or German, you must provide a translation into one of these languages, either issued by your institution or by a sworn translator. English Proficiency Certificate More information on the accepted tests and the KU Leuven minimum scores can be consulted here . Make sure your test result is made available for online verification . The identity page of your passport If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). If you currently hold a Belgian Residence Permit, please also upload scans of both sides of the card. Motivation letter (recommended length: one A4-page) Curriculum Vitae (CV) Proof of payment of the application fee If you paid through the web application, the system will automatically register that you have paid. If you paid by bank transfer , please upload a detailed proof of payment, stating the account holder's name and account details. Some exemptions apply. List of courses your wish to take Additional documents Each programme may request additional documents . You can find these in the specific admission requirements of the programme . Grading table If the description of the grading system of your home institution is not included in your transcripts, please provide a document explaining the grading system. I want to apply as a doctoral student Core documents It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core documents : Diploma and transcripts of academic records of your higher education If you still need to graduate at the time of your application, you can upload your official intermediate transcripts. You do not need to upload the documents from your secondary education. Translation of your diploma(s) and official transcripts If your documents are not in English, Dutch, French or German, you must provide a translation into one of these languages, either issued by your institution or by a sworn translator. English Proficiency Certificate More information on the accepted tests and the KU Leuven minimum scores can be consulted here . Make sure your test result is made available for online verification . Specific information about the language requirements for PhD applicants in Science, Engineering & Technology , can be found here . The identity page of your passport If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). Non-EEA applicants residing in an EEA country must upload a scan of their residence permit (front and back side). Motivation letter (recommended length: one A4-page) Curriculum Vitae (CV) Your thesis proposal or vacancy description The thesis proposal is preferably presented beforehand to your future supervisor at KU Leuven. You can use this template or your own, except in the cases listed below . If you have been selected for a PhD vacancy posted on the KU Leuven jobsite, you will only need to upload a short description of this vacancy. No comprehensive thesis proposal is required, except in the cases listed below . Exceptions: Faculty of Arts : using the faculty template is mandatory unless a research proposal has already been drawn up by you or your supervisor as part of a funding application. Faculty of Canon Law : using the faculty template ( English / Dutch ) is mandatory even if you have been selected for a PhD vacancy. Institute of Philosophy : using the faculty template is mandatory even if you have been selected for a PhD vacancy. Associated Faculty of the Arts (LUCA School of Arts) : using the faculty template ( English / Dutch ) is mandatory even if you have been selected for a PhD vacancy. Additional documents Each programme may request additional documents . You can find these in the specific admission requirements of the programme . Faculty form The following faculties require an additional form: Faculty of Canon Law: Faculty Form ( English / Dutch ) List of publications (no specific template) Faculty of Law: Optional f aculty form(s) - More information is available here Faculty of Psychology and Educational Sciences Faculty form " Additional information application doctoral programme " Associated Faculty of the Arts (LUCA School of Arts): Your portfolio, if relevant (no specific template) Grading table If the description of the grading system of your home institution is not included in your transcripts, please provide a document explaining the grading system. GMAT or GRE test results If the programme you are applying for requires one of these tests, please upload your official score report and make your test result available for online verification . Recommendation letters You can download the template for the recommendation letters here . Proof of external scholarship If you intend to come to KU Leuven with an external scholarship, please upload a proof or attestation of such scholarship from the granting insitution or organisation. For mainland Chinese citizens: we do not require the APS certificate at the time of application. I want to apply as an Exchange student Core Document It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core document: The identity page of your passport If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). If you currently hold a Belgian Residence Permit, please also upload scans of both sides of the card. Additional documents Some additional documents may be required such as the "learning agreement for studies", the "learning agreement for traineeships", a motivation letter, an English Proficiency Certificate , transcript of records and so on. The "exchange programme co-ordinator " in the faculty where you want to do your exchange study period, can inform you which documents you will have to upload in your online application form. You can find the names and contact data of these co-ordinators here . English Proficiency Certificate Contact your coordinator to find out whether it is required to upload an English proficiency certificate. For mainland Chinese citizens: Exchange students are completely exempted from the APS procedure . I want to apply as an International Scholar For each submitted application, a processing fee of EUR 100 (excluding any possible bank transfer fees) is required. This amount in non-refundable. You will receive the payment details once your application has been received by the International Scholar Team. Core documents It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core documents : The identity page of your passport If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). Proof of enrollment at your home university for the entire duration of your stay in Belgium. For students from Chinese universities: whenever you receive a CSC scholarship, send your attestation of solvability to your promotor. They will upload it into your application. I want to apply as a Visiting Scholar For each submitted application, a registration fee of EUR 100 (excluding any possible bank transfer fees) is required. This amount in non-refundable. You will receive the payment details at a later point in the process by the Visiting Scholar Team. Core documents It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core documents : The identity page of your passport For EEA applicants: If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). I want to apply as a Specialisation Student Core documents It is not possible to submit your online application without the following core documents : Activity Plan An overview of the planned activities during the stay at KU Leuven, with an emphasis on the educational aspect of the visit and the ad hoc custom training that will be done during the visit. English Proficiency Certificate More information on the accepted tests and the KU Leuven minimum scores can be consulted here . Make sure your test result is made available for online verification . If you hold a document from your supervisor stating that your level of English is sufficient, please upload this instead of the test. The identity page of your passport For EEA applicants: If you do not have a passport, your national ID card will also suffice (front and back side). If you currently hold a Belgian Residence Permit, please also upload scans of both sides of the card. Curriculum Vitae (CV) Proof of payment of the application fee If you paid through the web application, the system will automatically register that you have paid. If you paid by bank transfer , please upload a detailed proof of payment, stating the account holder's name and account details. Additional documents Some additional documents may be required: Diploma and transcripts of academic records of your higher education If you still need to graduate at the time of your application, you can upload your official intermediate transcripts. You do not need to upload the documents from your secondary education. Motivation letter (recommended length: one A4-page) For students from Chinese universities: whenever you receive a CSC scholarship, send your attestation of solvability to your promotor. They will upload it into your application. Experiencing issues? If you are experiencing problems when uploading a file, please check if your file meets the following requirements: The file can be maximum 15 MB (and minimum 4 MB). Make sure pictures are saved under .JPG-format. Make sure the pdf is not protected. Make sure there are no spaces in the filename the filename is not too long the filename only uses Roman characters the filename doesn't contain diacritical characters Protected documents may cause problems, because our system cannot process them. Some educational institutions or other organisations (like ETS) encrypt their documents, which prevents them from being altered. One way around this issue is to print your score report, scan the score report, and then upload the scan to our application portal. You can also unlock your documents using various tools available online. You can also try clearing the cache and cookies. Use a different web browser (we recommend Google Chrome). Need help? Do you have questions or are you encountering any issues? Do not hesitate to reach out for help. Contact us Last update: Mar 27, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be