KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More Home Requested documents Minimum eligibility criteria for a bachelor's programme Minimum eligibility criteria for a bachelor's programme Applicants seeking admission to a bachelor's programme can verify whether their secondary qualification meets the minimum eligibility criteria. Meeting these criteria means you are eligible to apply for our courses, but it does not guarantee selection. Admission can only be obtained by following the application process. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/requested-documents/eligibility-bachelor https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg Minimum eligibility criteria for a bachelor's programme Applicants seeking admission to a bachelor's programme can verify whether their secondary qualification meets the minimum eligibility criteria. Please note that other elements may be requested in the admissions process, such as language or mathematics tests. To check these specific requirements, it is required to consult the admission requirements of the bachelor's programme of your choice. The minimum eligibility requirements will be updated before the start of each application period. Meeting these criteria means you are eligible to apply for our courses, but it does not guarantee selection. Admission can only be obtained by following the application process . International qualifications (not country specific) A-levels : 3 A-levels are the general minimum for admission, with a minimum grade of C for each A-level. Depending on the programme, higher grades or a minimal set of required subjects may be required. Baccalauréat français obtained outside of France ( AEFE register ) BTEC : a BTEC level 3 extended certificate may be accepted, albeit at institutional discretion European Baccalaureate-diploma or EB International Baccalaureate® (IB) Diploma Programme (DP) US High School diploma obtained outside of the USA if obtained with a minimum of 4 AP courses or other advanced coursework, taken in the final three years of high school. If you took fewer or no AP's or advanced courses, we also welcome you to apply, however we advise you to do so with a SAT or ACT score. In addition, the school where the candidate studied and obtained his/her degree must be accredited by one of the following organizations: Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools (MSACS) Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) Cognia New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC) Country specific qualifications If you cannot find your country in the list below, and you have doubts about whether or not your qualification makes you eligible to apply for admission to an undergraduate programme at KU Leuven, feel free to contact the Admissions Office . Choose your country Afghanistan Albania Algeria Angola Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Brunei Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic of the Congo Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Georgia Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea Bissau Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kazachstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyz Republic Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Republic of North Macedonia Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania Tajikistan Taiwan Thailand Togo Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda United Kingdom Ukraine UAE USA Uzbekistan Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Yemen The Grade 12 Graduation Certificate (Baccalauria), plus your results for the university entrance examination (Kankor). State Matura (Matura Shtetërore). Baccalauréat with minimum score of 10 or above. Ensino Geral Certificado de Habilitações / Certificado de Habilitações in the relevant stream (determined by your intended study at KU Leuven). Título de Bachillerato Académico. Certificate of Secondary General Education (Միջնակարգ (ընդհանուր) կրթության ատեստատ - Mijnakarg (andhanur) krtutyan atestat) together with Unified State Examinations Certificate, used for university admissions. Graduation from a university-preparatory program at a senior secondary school: Australian Capital Territory: ACT Senior Secondary Certificate (+ your ATAR score). New South Wales: Higher School Certificate (+ your ATAR score). Northern Territory: Northern Territory Certificate of Education (+ your ATAR score). Queensland: Queensland Certificate of Education (+ your ATAR score). South Australia: South Australian Certificate of Education (+ your ATAR score). Tasmania: Tasmanian Certificate of Education (+ your ATAR score). Victoria: Victoria Certificate of Education (+ your ATAR score). Western Australia: Western Australia Certificate of Education (+ your ATAR score). Reifeprüfung or Matura from Allgemeinbildende Höhere Schulen. Certificate of Complete Secondary Education (tam orta təhsil haqqında attestat) together with the results (Part A + Part B) from the national university entrance examination organized by State Examination Center of the Republic of Azerbaijan (SEC). General Secondary School Certificate with a minimum grade of 70%. Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC). Certificate of Complete Secondary Education (Атэстат аб агульнай сярэдняй адукацыі) together with Certificate of successful completion of centralized examination (Централизованное тестирование). Certificat d'Enseignement Secondaire Supérieur (CESS). Abschlusszeugnis der Oberstufe des Sekundarunterrichts. Students who obtained a degree at an institution of the Flemish Community, can get direct access to a bachelor's programme at KU Leuven. You can find more information here . Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement Secondaire (BAC). Bhutan Higher Secondary Education Certificate. Diploma Académico de Bachiller. Diploma of Completed Matura Examination (Diploma o polozenom maturskom ispitu). Brunei / Cambridge A-levels. 3 A-levels are the general minimum for admission. Depending on the programme, a minimal set of required grades or subjects may be required. Botswana General Certificate of Secondary Education (BGCSE) / International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) with a grade C or better in English language. Certificado de Conclusão do Ensino Médio + Entrance examination (Vestibular or ENEM) for the field of study. High school diploma (Diploma za sredno obrazovanie) + matura exam Results. Baccalauréat or Diplôme de Bachelier de l'Enseignement du Second Degré. Diplôme d'État plus Diplôme des Humanités Complètes examination. Diploma of Upper Secondary Education. Cameroon GCE A Level or Baccalauréat Général / Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement du second degré. Alberta High School Diploma with five academic grade 12 subjects. British Columbia Senior Secondary Graduation Diploma with six grade 12 academic subjects. Manitoba High School Graduation Diploma with a five grade 12 subjects. New Brunswick High School Graduation Diploma with six academic grade 12 subjects. Newfoundland and Labrador: High School Diploma with ten academic credits at the 3000 level. North West Territories High School Diploma with five Grade 12 academic courses numbered 30/31. Nova Scotia High School Diploma with five Grade 12 academic courses (university preparatory academic or advanced). Nunavut Secondary School Diploma with five Grade 12 academic courses numbered 30/31. Ontario Secondary School Diploma with six subjects at the (4U/M) level. Prince Edward Island High School Diploma with five Grade 12 academic courses (611 or 621) Quebec Diplome d'Etudes Collegiales (DEC) / Diploma of Collegial Studies (DCS) (pre-university). Saskatchewan High School Diploma with five Grade 12 academic subjects numbered 30 Yukon Senior High School Diploma with 6 Grade 12 academic courses. Baccalauréat or Diplôme de Bachelier de l'Enseignement du Second Degré. Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement du Second Degré. Licencia de Educación / Enseñanza Media, academic stream. Senior High School Graduation Certificate (高中毕业证书) plus your results for the National College Entrance Examination/Gaokao (普通高等学校招生全国统一考试). Make sure to also check our webpage on the APS procedure . Diploma de Bachiller + Saber 11 scores. Diplôme d'État d'Études Secondaires du Cycle Long. Baccalauréat. Certificate of State matura (Državna matura / Svjedodžba o državnoj maturi). Greek educational system: Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate (Apolytirio) + results from Pancyprian examinations. Turkish educational system: High school diploma (Lise Bitirme Diplomasi) together with the results from national university placement examination (Lisans Yerleştirme Sınavı - LYS). Certificate of Maturity Examination (Vysvědčení o maturitní zkoušce). Studentereksamen (STX), Højere Forberedelseseksamen (HF), Højere Teknisk Eksamen (HTX) or Højere Handelseksamen (HHX). Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement Secondaire or Baccalauréat Technologique. Bachillerato + POMA scores (Prueba de Orientación y Medición Académica). Título de Bachillerato + score obtained after following the procedure of the Registro Único Nacional Senescyt or a comparable score from a higher education institution. Certificate of General Secondary Education. Certificate of Nile International Secondary Education (CNISE). At least 3 courses at level 3 (L3) certified by Cambridge International with a minimum grade of B. Título de Graduado de Educación Secundaria General, plus your results for the Selectividad. Eritrean School Education Certificate Examinations (ESECE) with a minimum GPA of 4.0. High school diploma (Gumnaasiumi loputunnistus) and the State Examination (Riigieksamid). Ethiopian University Entrance Examination Certificate / Ethiopian Higher Education Entrance Qualification Certificate. Ylioppilastutkinto/Studentexamen. Baccalauréat Générale or Baccalauréat Technologique. Baccalauréat plus results of le concours. The West African Senior School Certificate with passes at credit level in 5 subjects including English, and mathematics in not more than two sittings. Certificate of Complete General Education (Sruli Zogadi Ganatlebis Atestati/ სრული ზოგადი განათლების ატესტატი) together with the results from the Unified National Examinations (UNE) organized by NAEC. Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife (Abitur) or an equivalent recognized qualification. West African Senior School Certificate. School Leaving Certificate (Apolytirio (Απολυτήριο )certificate) together with "Πανελλαδικές Εξετάσεις" (Pan-Hellenic Examinations). Baccalauréat Unique plus results of le concours. Certidão de Conclusão do 12° ano do Ensino Secundário (Certificate of Completion of Secondary Education). HKDSE (Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education). Secondary School Leaving Certificate (Érettségi Bizonyítvány) + matura exam results. Stúdentspróf. All India Senior School Certificate, Indian School Certificate, Senior Secondary School Examination. SMA (Sekolah Menegah Atas). From 2019-2020 onward High School Diploma (گواهينامه پايان تحصيلات دوره متوسطه) plus your results for the national university entrance exam (آزمون سراسری پذیرش دانشگاه های کشور / کنکور). Up to 2018-2019 High School Diploma (گواهينامه پايان تحصيلات دوره متوسطه) plus Pre-University Certificate (پیش دانشگاهی) plus your results for the national university entrance exam (آزمون سراسری پذیرش دانشگاه های کشور / کنکور) Secondary School Certificate. Leaving Certificate in at least 6 subjects with relevant courses at higher level and sufficient CAO points to grant access to similar studies in Ireland. Matriculation Certificate (Bagrut). Diploma di Esame di Stato commonly called "Diploma di Maturità". Baccalauréat. Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate, plus your results for the Common Test for University Admissions. Students taking part in the Common Test should take at least 3 subjects, of which at least 1 must be relevant to the bachelor programme for which you are applying at KU Leuven. If the admission requirements of the bachelor programme at KU Leuven stipulate that you must submit an SAT, ACT, AP Calculus or SOWISO OMPT test, it is no longer necessary to submit the Common Test. Do note that the Common Test cannot be replaced by an SAT, ACT, AP Calculus or SOWISO OMPT test, if this test is not part of the admission requirements of the bachelor programme. General Secondary Education Certificate. Certificate of Completed Secondary Education (Orta bilim turaly attestat/ Attestat o Srednem (Polnom) Obshchem Obrazovanii) together with the results from the Unified National Testing Examination (UNT) (Единое национальное тестирование (ЕНТ)). Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education with a minimum average of C+. Diploma for High School Graduation (Diplomë për Kryerjen e Shkollës së Mesme të Lartë) together with the Matura results. General Secondary School Certificate. Certificate of Completed Secondary Education (Attectat o srednem obstem obrazzovanii) together with the Certificate of the National Scholarship Test (NST) (сертификат Общереспубликанское тестирование - Obščepespyblikanskoe Testirovanie). Upper Secondary School Diploma. Certificate of General Secondary Education (Atestāts par vispārējo vidējo izglītību) together with an achievement sheet detailing final marks in all subjects and state exams. General Secondary Certificate (Baccalauréat Libanais) in the relevant stream depending on your programme of choice at KU Leuven. Cambridge Overseas School Certificate awarded in the first or second division. Senior High School Certificate with division 1 results. Secondary Education Certificate with a minimum mark of 65%. Brandos Atestatas. Certificat/Diplome de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires. Senior Secondary Graduation Certificate. Malawi School Certificate of Education with at least 6 credits passes including English language. STPM (Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia) / Matriculation / UEC (Unified Examination Certificate). Baccalauréat. Matriculation Certificate administered by MATSEC. Minimum 6 subjects (2 at Advanced and 4 at Intermediate level). Título de Bachillerato Académico. Baccalaureate Diploma (Diploma de Bacalaureat). Certificate of Complete Secondary Education (Buren Dund Bolovsrolun Unemlekh) (Бүрэн Дунд Боловсролын Үнэмлэх) ) + results from University Entrance Examination (UEE). Secondary School Leaving Diploma (Diploma o polozenom maturskom ispitu). Diplôme du Baccalauréat in a stream related to the intended undergraduate studies at KU Leuven. Certificado de Habilitações Literarias in the relevant stream depending on your programme of choice at KU Leuven. Matriculation Examination. Namibia Senior Secondary Certificate (minimum 5 subjects). School Leaving Certificate Examination. Propedeuse + additional subjects at VWO-level if needed in The Netherlands for a similar programme. Students who obtained a vwo diploma, can get direct access to a bachelor's programme at KU Leuven. You can find more information here . National Certificate of Educational Achievement Level Three and University Entrance Standard (New Zealand University Entrance certificate). Baccalauréat. West African Senior School Certificate1 or NECO (preferably with UTME scores). Vitnemål fra den Videregående Skole. General Education Diploma obtained with at least 90%. Intermediate / Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC). General Secondary Education Certificate in the relevant academic stream depending on your programme of choice at KU Leuven. Certificado de Educación Secundaria Común Completa + scores for the entrance examination. Senior High School Diploma (Academic track). Certificate of Completion of General Lyceum (Świadectwo ukończenia liceum ogólnokształcące) together with Maturity Certificate (Świadectwo dojrzalości). Certificado Nível Secundário de Educação + National upper secondary examination (ENES) + entrance examination (Concurso). General Secondary Education Certificate, or Qatar Senior School Certificate. State Matura Diploma (Diploma za položena državna matura). Romanian Baccalaureate Diploma (Bacalaureat). Certificate of Secondary (Complete) General Education (Attestat o Srednem (Polnom) Obshchem Obrazovanii) together with the results of minimum three subjects in the Unified State Examination (USE) (Единый государственный экзамен, ЕГЭ). Advanced General Certificate of Secondary Education (Certificat du Cycle Supérieur de l'Enseignement Secondaire) with passes in at least two subjects with a minimum grade of C. General Secondary Education Certificate, plus results for the General Aptitude Tests (GAT's). Baccalauréat. Diploma of completed Secondary Education (Diploma o stecenom srednjem obrazovanju). West African Senior School Certificate Examinations (WASSCE) with credits in 5 subjects, including English and mathematics. GCE Advanced Level Examination in three subjects. School-leaving Examination Certificate (Maturita) (Maturitná skúška). Matura (Splošno maturo). Secondary Certificate ( Shahaadada Dugsiga Sare ). National Senior Certificate + NBTs (National Benchmark Test). High school diploma, plus your results for the College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT). Certificate of Secondary Education with 50% or above in at least 5 subjects. Título de Bachillerato + Evaluación del Bachillerato para el Acceso a la Universidad (EBAU / EVAU / PAU). At least 3 passes in the GCE A-levels and a mark of at least 30% in the Common General Test (CGT). Depending on the programme at KU Leuven, a minimal set of required grades or subjects for the A-levels may be required. Secondary School Certificate with 50% or above in at least 7 subjects. VWO Diploma. Slutbetyg fran Gymnasasieskolan/Högskoleförberedande Examen från Gymnasieskolan. A Maturitätsausweis / Certificat de maturité / Attestato di maturità (Federal Maturity Certificate). General Secondary Certificate in a stream related to the intended undergraduate studies at KU Leuven. 2 principal passes and one subsidiary pass in the Advanced Certificate of Secondary Education Examination (ACSEE), combined with 5 passes at Certificate of Secondary Education Examination (CSEE) level. Certificate of Completed Secondary Education + results from National Testing System (NTS). Senior High School Diploma, plus your results for the General Scholastic Ability Test (GSAT). Certificate of Secondary Education (Maw 6). Baccalauréat. Diplôme du Baccalauréat in a stream related to the intended undergraduate studies at KU Leuven. High School Diploma (Lise Diploması) together with the results from national university entrance examination (Turkish: Yükseköğretim Kurumları Sınavı, YKS). Certain programmes may require applicants to achieve a specific YKS score. Where applicable, the required score will be communicated together with the admission decision. Certificate of Secondary Education (Şahadatnama orta bilim hakynda). 2 Uganda Advanced Certificates of Education (UACE), in combination with 5 Uganda Certificates of Education (UCE). A-levels: 3 A-levels are the general minimum for admission, with a minimum grade of C for each A-level. Depending on the programme, higher grades or a minimal set of required subjects may be required. BTEC: a BTEC level 3 extended certificate may be accepted, albeit at institutional discretion. Secondary school diploma (Свідоцтво про здобуття повної загальної середньої освіти) together with the results for minimum three subjects of the Independent External Examination ((Зовнішнє незалежне оцінювання - ЗНО / IEE) or the results of minimum three subjects of the national multi-subject test (NMT). Secondary School Certificate, plus your results for the UAE Standardized Test (EmSAT). High School diploma with a minimum of 4 AP courses or other advanced coursework taken in the final three years of high school. If you took fewer or no AP's or advanced courses, we also welcome you to apply, however we advise you to do so with a SAT or ACT score. GED-certificate with "college ready" score + SAT or ACT score. Diploma of Academic Lyceum (Akademik Litsey Diplomi) or a general high school diploma together with the results of the national university entrance examination set by State Testing Centre (Davlat Test Markazi - DTC). Senior Secondary School Graduation Diploma, plus your results for the national university entrance exam. General Secondary Education Certificate. Passes in minimum 5 subjects in the School Certificate / General Certificate of Education plus completion of the first year (related to the intended undergraduate studies at KU Leuven) at the University of Zambia or Copperbelt University as a proxy foundation programme. Zimbabwe General Certificate of Education at Advanced Level (A level) with passes in 3 subjects, ánd 5 passes in the Zimbabe General Certificate of Education at Ordinary Level (O level), including English. Need help? Do you have questions or are you encountering any issues? Do not hesitate to reach out for help. Contact us Last update: Sep 21, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact To homepage kuleuven.be