KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More EN Nederlands English Home Language requirements English Proficiency Tests English Proficiency Tests All applicants who have not obtained a previous diploma in a programme taught in English in Australia, English-speaking Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom or the United States of America must submit one of the tests mentioned on this webpage, proving their proficiency in English. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/language-requirements/english-proficiency-tests https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg English Proficiency Tests General rule All applicants who have not obtained a previous diploma in a programme taught in English in Australia, English-speaking Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom or the United States of America must submit one of the tests mentioned below, proving their proficiency in English. Only studies completed at a campus located in one of the aformentioned countries qualify for an exemption from submitting an additional English proficiency test. If your programme deviates from this rule, it will be mentioned in the admission requirements of your programme. TOEFL We only accept the TOEFL iBT test (including the Home Edition and Paper Edition). The minimum overall score is 79. We do not accept MyBest™ scores . More on TOEFL IELTS We only accept the IELTS Academic test (including the paper, computer and online test). The minimum overall score is 6.5. We do not accept IELTS One Skill Retake™ scores. More on IELTS Cambridge English We only accept the following tests: Cambridge English: Advanced ( CAE ) (C1) Cambridge English: Proficiency ( CPE ) (C2) More on Cambridge ITACE for students We only accept the ITACE C1 or the ITACE C2 certificate. Please be aware that these tests can only be taken in Belgium. More on ITACE The tests mentioned above are the only tests that are accepted by KU Leuven. We do not accept Duolingo test scores. Make sure your test result is made available for online verification . Please be aware that the scores listed on this page are the minimum scores. The programme you are applying for may require a higher score or specific subscores. You can check the minimum scores in the admission requirements of your specific programme. Need help? Do you have questions or are you encountering any issues? Do not hesitate to reach out for help. Contact us Last update: Feb 04, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be