KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More EN Nederlands English Home Requested documents Application fee Application fee The application fee is the administrative cost that needs to be paid for the assessment of your application by the Admissions Office or the Student Accounting and Mobility Office. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/requested-documents/application-fee https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg Application fee The application fee is the administrative cost that needs to be paid for the assessment of your application by the Admissions Office or the Student Accounting and Mobility Office. Who needs to pay the application fee? Who is exempted from paying the application fee? How can I pay the application fee? Need help? Contact us Who needs to pay the application fee? All applicants are required to pay the EUR 90 application fee for each application that they submit, if they apply under the status of: a degree-seeking student (Bachelor, Master, Advanced Master, Bridging, Preparatory or Postgraduate programme) a credit contract student a specialisation student A processing fee of EUR 100 is charged for applicants with the status of International Scholar . These fees are non-refundable . Who is exempted from paying the application fee? Exemptions on paying the application fee are only granted to applicants: for a (pre)doctoral programme for an Exchange programme for a VLIR-ICP master's scholarship for the Erasmus Mundus Master of Science in Public Sector Innovation and eGovernance (PIONEER) programme for the Erasmus Mundus Joint Master of Arts in Sports Ethics and Integrity (MAiSI) programme for the Erasmus Mundus Joint Master in Insects as Solutions for a Sustainable Future (ISSF) programme for the Bachelor of Business Engineering and the Bachelor of Laws (joint programmes with UC Louvain), if the applicant holds a diploma obtained in the Flemish, French or German-speaking Communities of Belgium with a refugee status in Belgium. Please upload proof of your refugee status under the document type 'proof of payment' How can I pay the application fee? You can pay the application fee of EUR 90 by credit or debit card directly via the web application. If you pay by credit card, a proof of payment is not necessary. The system will automatically register that you have paid. You can also pay the application fee of EUR 90 by bank transfer . You have to upload a proof of payment that includes the account holder's name and account details in your online application. You will have to use the following details for the payment: Bank's name : KBC Bedrijvenkantoor Bank's address : Brusselsesteenweg 100, 3000 Leuven Beneficiary's name : Admissions KU Leuven Beneficiary's address : Oude Markt 13, 3000 Leuven, Belgium Bank account number: 432-0000011-57 Swift/BIC code : KREDBEBB IBAN number : BE09 4320 0000 1157 Amount : EUR 90 (excluding any possible bank transfer fees) Reference code : on the bank transfer mention the following reference code 400/0027/15332, your name and application number You cannot pay by cheque, bank draft or in cash. Applicants with the status of International Scholar will receive the specific payment details for the processing fee of EUR 100 via email from the International Scholar team. Last update: May 07, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be