KU Leuven Home Tuition fees More EN Nederlands English Home Tuition fees Explore tuition fees and study costs at KU Leuven in Belgium. Get an overview of fees for EU and non-EU students, additional charges, and payment options. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/education/student/fees https://www.kuleuven.be/english/education/++resource++plone-logo.svg Tuition fees New at KU Leuven You plan to start a Bachelor, Master, Advanced Master or European Programme and want to know how much your tuition fee will be? Use our tuition fee tool to quickly find the exact amount for your programme. Consult your tuition fee Reregister at KU Leuven You started a programme at KU Leuven and want to continue your programme in the upcoming academic year? How much is your tuition fee for the next academic year? Consult your tuition fee Scholarships and waivers Need financial support to finance your studies or looking for a tuition fee waiver? Check out our options (pre-)Doctorate, special fee categories Registrations that are not tied to the number of study points pay a different tuition fee. Special fee categories 2026-2027 Special fee categories 2025-2026 Tuition fee regulations These regulations establish the principles of tuition fees for all persons that are registered as students at KU Leuven or participate in a programme or activity organised by KU Leuven. Tuition fee regulations Questions? Do you have any more questions? Tel. +32 (0)16 32 40 00 Email us Consult the Application website Payment Upon registration you receive an account balance with a due date of two weeks. The payment is not possible in cash or by creditcard. Payment (re)Calculation Your tuition fee depends on the type of contract you sign up for and the number of study points you take as part of your programme. Calculation of tuition fee Leaving? There can be some financial consequences to terminating or changing your studies. Consequences of terminating/changing your studies Last update: Jul 29, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Tuition Fees Log in Tuition fee Calculation Payment Archive 2020-2021 2019-2020 2018-2019 Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Tuition fees EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be