KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More EN Nederlands English Home Registration Register at KU Leuven with a non-Flemish degree https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/registration https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg Register at KU Leuven with a non-Flemish degree For whom: Students holding an admission letter for the 2026-2027 academic year for: a degree seeking programme: bachelor, master (incl. preparatory and bridging programmes), advanced master or postgraduate programme a credit contract an exchange programme Timing: Registration period: 17 August 2026 - 16 September 2026 Late registration regulations apply after 16 September 2026 (only published when relevant). Exceptions: Bachelor of European Studies: earlier and strict registration deadline on 1 September 2026 Study Exchange students: can only register late in case of force majeure Traineeship Exchange students can register throughout the year. They must contact Student Accounting and Mobility via email about 10 days before their arrival date to receive further instructions. How to: Students holding an admission letter will receive an invitation email once they can submit their request to be registered. Further instructions are outlined below. Exception: BAES students beginning their studies at a partner university are not issued a KU Leuven admission letter. These students may submit their formal registration request without one. Admitted under a different status? (pre)doctoral students have to follow these instructions . International scholars and specialisation students can register throughout the year, the specific arrangements are to be agreed upon beforehand via email with the case administrator. Need help? Contact us: Degree students Credit contracts Exchange students Phase 1: Submit your request for registration STEP 1: Log in to the web app Open the web app Log in with your existing account (b-number). The status 'register now' will appear under the approved application(s). Do not create a new application! STEP 2: Open your application and complete all sections Re-open the application for which you received an admission letter and choose to register for by clicking on the pencil icon. Choice of study : If applicable, you need to select your preferred study track. Students admitted to a preparatory programme of less than 60 ECTS in combination with a master's programme will only be able to submit a request for registration for the preparatory programme and will automatically be registered for the master's as well. Privacy Financial info and extras : You can opt for a sports card , culture card and/or student bus pass (if applicable). The sports and/or culture card will be uploaded to your KU Leuven student card. For the bus pass, you are required to have a MOBIB card . Cards selected during the registration cannot be cancelled or annulled afterwards. Alternatively, it is possible to order these extras after registration at their respective departments. Exchange students coming to KU Leuven for a traineeship: consult this page for additional information regarding the possible extras when registering outside of the registration periods. You can subscribe to the Third Party Liability Insurance policy from KU Leuven (obligatory for non-EEA students). Your stay in Belgium: Submit your student housing or residence address details. STEP 3: Upload all requested documents All registering students must submit a valid identifying document: For EEA citizens, a copy of the national ID suffices. Non-EEA citizens must submit a PDF color scan of their 'Passport Biodata page' , which includes the backside of the previous page: Non-EEA students They must also submit a valid entry or residence document for Belgium. Accepted documents are: a Belgian study visa (visa D) a Belgian visa (visa C) for an exchange period in Belgium of maximum 90 days ( only accepted for Exchange students ) the biodata page of your passport ( only accepted for students coming from a country that allows visa free entry ) a residence card from another EU country that allows visa free entry ( front and back side ) a valid Belgian residence card ( front and back side ) a valid immatriculation attestation (orange card) ( front and back side ) Please refrain from submitting your registration request if your Belgian visa application is ongoing and you cannot yet provide the document. STEP 4: Fill out the obligatory questionnaire STEP 5: Submit Submit your request for registration by clicking on 'Confirm online registration'. You will receive a confirmation e-mail if your request is correctly submitted. We will verify your request for registration and contact you with further instructions. Phase 2: Verification of prior degrees This phase does not apply to exchange students and students registering for a credit contract as they do not have to arrange a verification of their prior degree(s). These students can skip phase 2 and immediately go to phase 3. Option 1 : Degree check already completed If your prior degrees have already been verified (digitally or in person), your campus will finalise your registration online. Option 2 : Degree check still pending If electronic verification of your prior degree(s) is not possible, we will need to verify your original documents in person at the Registrar's Office in Leuven. You will receive an e-mail with a link to book an appointment. The degree verification remains a condition for registration. Present the following original hard copy documents in person at your appointment: your passport or national ID card original diploma(s) or degree certificate(s) (translations not required) final transcript(s) of records or diploma supplement(s) (translations not required) confirmation of your appointment your admission letter Phase 3: Your actual registration When your request for registration is processed and the verification of your prior degrees has been concluded (if applicable), your registration at KU Leuven will be finalised. You will be issued: your registration attestations the instructions on how to activate your KU Leuven student account your invoice Students from campus Leuven and Group T : verification of your degrees performed in person : Your registration will be finalised on the spot and you will receive your student card immediately. verification of prior degrees performed online or not applicable : Your registration will be finalised online and you will receive an e-mail to book an appointment to pick up your student card. Students from other campuses : Your campus will finalise your registration online and you will receive an e-mail with instructions on how to pick up your student card. Last update: Jul 28, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be