KU Leuven Home Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact More EN Nederlands English Home Degree verification Verification of prior degrees Before you can register as a student at KU Leuven, the Admissions Office needs to verify your prior degree on the basis of which you were admitted to study at KU Leuven (if this was not obtained at an institution of the Flemish Community or if it is mentioned on this list). There are two options to have your degree verified by KU Leuven: electronically, or in person. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/degreeverification https://www.kuleuven.be/english/apply/++resource++plone-logo.svg Verification of prior degrees Before you can register as a student at KU Leuven, the Admissions Office needs to verify your prior degree on the basis of which you were admitted to study at KU Leuven (if this was not obtained at an institution of the Flemish Community or if it is mentioned on this list ). There are two options to have your degree verified by KU Leuven: electronically, or in person. Option 1: electronically If your prior educational institute offers an electronical verification method, the Admissions Office can verify your degree online, even before your arrival in Belgium. There are two types of electronical verification: online and e-mail verification . Online verification If online verification of your degree is an option, we recommend that you provide the verification as soon as possible after receiving your KU Leuven admission letter. Examples online verification A PDF of your diploma/graduation statement/transcript with security features generated by the issuing educational institute (e.g.: QR code, blue ribbon, …) A public verification website where a third party can verify your degree. In this case, make sure to send the password or verification code, needed for the verification. For GDPR reasons, we cannot use your personal login details. Other examples of country- or degree-specific methods of online verification. E-mail verification If you choose this method, please contact your prior educational institute so they can send us all necessary information or documents via e-mail . Rules for e-mail verification The e-mail should be sent by your university or school, with your student and application number from KU Leuven in the subject line. The e-mail address from which the mail is sent, should be on the university or school webpage. Please include a link to the webpage displaying the e-mail address in the text of your e-mail. The text of the e-mail should specify your personal details and the results/degree obtained. A scan of the graduation confirmation and final transcript needs to be added as an attachment. In some cases, the school/university may require you to provide a consent form for releasing your information to us. Make sure to check ahead if this is needed. Please note that KU Leuven does not pay for online verification of degrees. Any costs related to the online verification must be paid directly to the involved service provider. The Admissions Office reserves the right to ask the original hard copies of your diploma and transcripts of records. Option 2: in person If you choose this option, you will need to bring your original diploma/graduation certificate and your final transcripts with you to Belgium. At the beginning of the registration period you will automatically receive instructions on how to make an appointment for this check. Need help? Do you have questions or are you encountering any issues? Do not hesitate to reach out for help. Contact us Last update: Feb 17, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Admissions Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Applications Home Application instructions Requested documents Language requirements Degree verification Registration Contact EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be