KU Leuven Home Life at KU Leuven Home Housing Immigration Money matters Working & volunteering Health & well-being Social life More EN Nederlands English Home Money Matters Money Matters This webpage outlines many of the financial considerations of living, working and studying in Belgium, including costs of living, taxes, application costs, scholarships, payments, and proving solvency. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/life-at-ku-leuven/money-matters https://www.kuleuven.be/english/life-at-ku-leuven/money-matters/++resource++plone-logo.svg Money Matters Financial aspects of your stay We know financial questions are an important part of preparing for your stay at KU Leuven. Some aspects might also feel complex and overwhelming. That why we've gathered everything you need to know about costs, payments, scholarships, and solvency in clear, step-by-step pages. And if you need extra support, our staff is here to help. Cost of living Find out how to set up a monthly/yearly budget for living in Belgium. Have a look at our estimates for the cost of housing, transportation, health and others. More about cost of living Application & registration costs Applying to KU Leuven as a student? Understand the potential costs involved in your application process on this page. Estimate your application costs Taxes What taxes do you have to pay in Belgium? How do you pay them? And where can you get assistance with tax filing? More about taxes Proof of solvency When you apply for a long-term visa for Belgium, you'll have to provide proof of sufficient means of subsistence. A common way to do so is through a blocked account procedure. Three ways to provide proof of sufficient means of subsistence Blocked account procedure Tuition fees & scholarships An important part of study costs is related to tuition fees. You can check the tuition fee for your programme using our tuition fee calculator. Available scholarships and waivers are presented in our corresponding database. Consult your tuition fee Scholarship database for degree-seeking students Payments to and from KU Leuven Which contributions do you have to pay on your gross salary or scholarship? When and how is a KU Leuven salary or scholarship paid? How to make payments to or receive payments from KU Leuven Money transactions, bank matters & currency exchange Do you need a Belgian bank account? How do you open one? Can you pay with cash everywhere in Belgium? And where can you exchange your foreign currency? More about bank matters and currency exchange Support for international students It's important to note that KU Leuven can't help provide financial support for international students other than the scholarships mentioned on the scholarship website . We urge all students coming to KU Leuven to have sufficient means of subsistence for the duration of their studies. Contact admissions for questions about application & registration costs, tuition fees and proof of solvency. You can ask Stuvo on your campus any question of a practical, legal or financial nature related to your stay as a student. Last update: Feb 25, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: KU Leuven Stuvo Communication Log in Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Life at KU Leuven Home Housing Immigration Money matters Working & volunteering Health & well-being Social life EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be