KU Leuven Home Tuition fees More EN Nederlands English Home Tuition fee regulations Tuition fee regulations 2026-2027 As approved by the Academic Council on 30/06/2026. https://www.kuleuven.be/english/education/student/fees/regulation https://www.kuleuven.be/english/education/++resource++plone-logo.svg Tuition fee regulations 2026-2027 As approved by the Academic Council on 30/06/2026. These regulations establish the principles of tuition fees for all persons that are registered as students at KU Leuven or participate in a programme or activity organised by KU Leuven. Consult the current tuition fees . Other regulations Archive Tuition fee regulations 2025-2026 Tuition fee regulations 2024-2025 Tuition fee regulations 2023-2024 Archive tuition fee regulations Article 1. General requirements For people registered at KU Leuven as a student (including the participants of a continuing education programme or activity, provided that they completed the central registration procedure at KU Leuven), the tuition fee includes the affiliation with the collective accident insurance as well as the civil liability insurance for study-related activities of KU Leuven (both insurance policies do not cover students with an examination contract). Students can, optionally and at their own expense, take out the 'collective private life civil liability' insurance policy. For participants of a continuing education programme or activity with a certificate of attendance (attest) (not registered as a student at KU Leuven), the tuition fee includes the affiliation with the physical accident insurance with coverage to the second degree. If they participate in a continuing education activity in the context of their employment, they are insured by the employer. Specific provisions with regard to international students The affiliation with the 'private life civil liability' insurance is an additional obligation for students with a non-EEA nationality who temporarily reside as a student in Belgium. Article 2. Tuition fees for degree, credit and examination contracts (excluding postgraduate programmes) §1. Scope This article applies to the registrations for bachelor's programmes, master's programmes, advanced master's programmes, bridging programmes, preparatory programmes, credit contracts (including Honours programmes) and programmes that lead to a certificate and include courses specified in the programme guide. Different rules may apply to study programmes that are part of the framework of European cooperation and funding initiatives. These rules are determined within the consortium that organises the programme. §2. Fixed and variable fee The tuition fee is made up of a fixed fee that is due once per academic year, as well as a variable fee per credit. These fees can be indexed annually. Upon registering at the beginning of the academic year, each student is charged a fixed sum. The tuition fee is recalculated after the Individual Study Programme (ISP) of the second semester has been approved by the ISP coordinator, either based on the actual number of credits the student included in their ISP or based on the evolutions within their learning account. For this recalculation, only courses organised by KU Leuven are considered, even if they have been exchanged for courses of a partner institution in the context of an exchange programme. If the resulting balance: is lower than the initial tuition fee, the difference is refunded to the student's account number within a reasonable period of time; is higher than the initial tuition fee, the student will be required to pay the difference. The student retains their rights at least until the due date specified in the demand note. §3. Registrations for multiple programmes or courses Students can register for one or more programmes and/or courses in the same academic year. When calculating (the variable component of) the tuition fees, all registrations of a student with a degree contract and/or a credit contract at KU Leuven in the same academic year are considered one registration. This does not apply to the following registrations, for which the fees are always calculated separately: advanced master's programmes; continuing education (including postgraduate programmes) (see Article 4); doctoral programmes (see Article 3); other special registration categories (see Article 3). An exception is made for students transferring from an advanced master's programme to an initial master's programme in the same academic year. An examination contract always requires a separate registration. When calculating the tuition fees, all registrations of a student with an examination contract at KU Leuven in the same academic year are considered one registration. This does not apply to the following registrations, for which the fees are always calculated separately: advanced master's programmes; continuing education (including postgraduate programmes) (see Article 4); other special registration categories (see Article 3). §4. Consequences of (partial) exemptions If the student has a full exemption for a course (i.e. an exemption for all credits of the course), they do not need to pay tuition for that course. Partial exemptions for a course or transfers of partial marks do not lead to a lower tuition fee. The student pays tuition for the entire course. §5. Increased tuition fees Increased tuition fees can be charged for advanced master's programmes or based on the student's nationality, as stated in the Higher Education Code. There are no separate regulations for near-grant or grant students for these programmes. Specific provisions with regard to international students When calculating the tuition fees, non-EEA students who fall into one of the rights of residence categories determined by the Higher Education Code (article II.215) are given the same rights as people of Belgian nationality. Within these categories, the equivalence of rights for family members of EEA citizens, as described in Art.II.215.8°, is interpreted as equivalence for people married to or legally cohabitating with EEA citizens, as well as first-degree relatives (excluding siblings). Non-EEA students who have applied for international protection are equated with people of Belgian nationality in terms of tuition fees, provided that they are in possession of a valid registration certificate by 31 December of that academic year. If they already have residence rights in Belgium, which is not included in article II.215 of the Higher Education Code, they will pay tuition fees according to this residence status, as long as it applies to them. When calculating the tuition fees, people of Swiss nationality are given the same rights as EEA citizens. The student must be able to demonstrate that they meet at least one of these requirements by no later than 31 December of the academic year concerned. The corresponding supporting documents can be submitted until the end of the relevant academic year. The tuition fees webpage lists the programmes for which increased fees are charged. If a non-EEA student wishes to register for a Dutch-taught programme, and there is an English-taught equivalent programme with an increased tuition fee, then this fee also applies to the Dutch-taught programme. In the case of increased tuition fees for advanced master's programmes and specific categories of international students, tuition fees are calculated as follows: in any case the fixed minimum sum applying to all registrations is charged, as well as the additional fixed fees (" bijkomende centrale bijdrage" ) (if applicable); the fixed nominal sum for the whole programme is charged for students who register for 60 credits; if the students register for X< or >60 credits, the nominal amount for the whole programme after deduction of the fixed minimum amount and the additional fixed fees (if applicable) is charged in relation to X/60th. The current fees can be indexed annually. The increased tuition fees remain applicable for the entire duration of the programme unless a partial waiver has been granted. The programme can, through the programme director, for academic or socio-economic reasons, grant a student a partial waiver on the increased part of the tuition fees, within the standard fees and preferably before the start of the academic year. If a student who is subject to an increased tuition fee is granted permission to register for an examination contract, the higher tuition fee will still be applicable. §6. Special tuition fees for students in the last year of secondary education who register with a credit contract for maximum 12 credits Students in the final two years of secondary education who register for a credit contract of up to 12 credits are charged 50% of the tuition fee for grant students. §7. Additional costs for examination contracts Students who only registered for an examination contract are charged 50 euro (one-off sum per academic year) on top of the regular tuition fee for the use of Toledo and the necessary IT services. In case of deregistration, this one-off sum will not be reimbursed. §8. Tuition fees in case of insufficient credits in the learning account The variable part of the tuition fee doubles for each credit for which the student registered and for which no credits are available in the student's learning account. This provision does not apply to grant students, near-grant students and students who already hold a master's degree. §9. Refund regulations These regulations apply only to tuition fees collected centrally by Teaching and Learning Services; they do not apply to the complementary study costs collected by the programme or any other party. Furthermore, these regulations apply specifically to students who deregister from a diploma, credit, or examination contract. When students leave the institution, part of the tuition fee is withheld to cover administrative costs. In this context, all non-variable parts of the tuition fee (if applicable) are considered part of the fixed part of the tuition fee. The following principles apply: If the student deregisters before classes start , they will not be charged tuition. If the student deregisters between the start of classes and 1 November (start of classes included), the fixed component of the tuition fee will not be refunded. If the student deregisters between 1 November (1 November included) and 28 February , the fixed component and half of the fee per credit will be withheld (except in the case of deregistration from an examination contract; in that case the fee per credit is not cut in half). If a student deregisters on or after 1 March , the entire tuition fee is non-refundable; no refunds will be made. If a student registers for the start of the second semester and subsequently wishes to deregister, the following principles apply: If the student deregisters before the start of the second semester , they will not be charged tuition. If the student deregisters between the start of the second semester and 1 March (start of the semester included), the fixed component of the tuition fee will not be refunded. If a student deregisters on or after 1 March , the entire tuition fee is non-refundable; no refunds will be made. If a student deregisters once classes or the second semester respectively have started, they will not receive a refund for the student bus pass, sports card, culture card, or third-party liability insurance (if applicable). At the time of deregistration, the calculation of the tuition fee is made, taking into account the number of credits the student has included in their Individual Study Programme (ISP). The composition of the ISP is determined by the Education and Examination Regulations, Articles 21-24. Specific provisions with regard to students registered for the Dutch-taught programmes Master in de Specialistische Geneeskunde, Master in de Huisartsgeneeskunde, Master in de Klinische Biologie, Master in de Ziekenhuisfarmacie: a reduced tuition fee applies to these programmes, as published on the tuition fee website . There are no refund regulations in case of deregistration from these programmes. If a student has a main registration under a diploma, credit or examination contract and an additional registration under one of these types of contracts, and if the student wishes to discontinue the additional registration, the consequences for the tuition fee are incorporated in the standard recalculation in the course of the second semester of the academic year, based on the student's ISP. The following principles apply: If the student deregisters between the start of classes and 1 December (start of classes included), they do not have to pay for the additional registration. If the student deregisters between 1 December and 15 March (1 December and 15 March included), they have to pay for the first-semester and full-year courses they registered for. If the student deregisters after 15 March , they have to pay for all the courses they registered for. If the additional registration concerns an advanced master's programme and this registration is discontinued before 1 December, no fee will be charged. In the case of deregistration from 1 December onwards, the aforementioned principles and the principle of separate calculation (cf. Art. 2 §3) continue to apply. A specific provision applies when a student deregisters and changes study programmes within the KU Leuven Association. If a student who registered for a bachelor's or associate's degree programme deregisters and then registers again within the same academic year for a bachelor's or associate's degree programme at another institution of the KU Leuven Association (KU Leuven, LUCA, Odisee, Thomas More, UCLL or VIVES), the student will be exempted from paying the fixed part of the regular tuition fee when registering at the second institution. §10. Extension of the payment deadline Every student can request a tuition fee payment extension. This procedure is managed centrally by Teaching and Learning Services. The procedure which the student should follow is outlined on the tuition fees website . Article 3. Tuition fees for special registration categories For the following special registration categories, a lump sum is charged for the tuition fee, which is not linked to the number of credits the student registers for. In combination with another registration, the fee will be charged separately. No refund regulations apply to these categories. The fees are published on the tuition fees website . Doctoral student: the tuition fee is established annually, together with the standard tuition fees. The student has to pay a tuition fee at their first registration and in the year of their doctoral defence. In the years in between these events, no tuition fee will be charged when the student re-registers. Predoctoral student: in line with the fees for the doctoral student; re-registration is free. Specialisation student: in line with the fees for the doctoral student; re-registration is free. International Scholar: the fixed component of the standard tuition fee is charged, re-registration is free. Visiting Scholar: a registration fee of 100 euro is charged per visit. Dutch language year at the ILT: in line with the fees for the doctoral student. Candidate refugees, students recognised as refugees and students with a subsidiary protection status pay the fixed component of the standard tuition fees for grant students. ILT collects additional registration fees. Guest student: the fixed component of the standard tuition fee for grant students is charged. Distance student: the fixed component of the standard tuition fee for grant students is charged. Master Mind scholarship programmes: the fixed component of the standard tuition fee for grant students is charged. Exchange student: no tuition fees are charged. Interuniversity registration: no tuition fees are charged. Open University: no tuition fees are charged. Article 4. Tuition fees for postgraduate programmes and other continuing education programmes or activities §1. For postgraduate programmes, tuition fees are determined per study programme and communicated under the description of the relevant programme. Registration for these programmes is done centrally. For a postgraduate programme, the tuition fee can never be less than the minimum amount of the reduced fixed component plus the tuition fee for 20 credits (the compulsory minimum number of credits). The payment method of tuition fees for a continuing education programme or activity is indicated in the description of the programme or activity. In structured payments (VGS), the structured payment reference must always be included. Payments can only be made in one of the following ways: Without invoice and payment by bank transfer on KU Leuven's bank account with structured communication 400/xxxx/xxxxx. Without invoice and payment by credit card via the link indicated on the announcement. Without invoice and payment by SME portfolio. The student has to include in the SME portfolio the structured communication 400/xxxx/xxxxx indicated on the announcement. Based on an invoice specifying all payment instructions and payment after receiving the invoice with the correct structured communication xxx/xxxx/xxxxx. Based on an invoice and payment by credit card via the link indicated on the invoice. Based on an invoice and payment by SME portfolio. The student has to include in the SME portfolio the structured communication xxx/xxxx/xxxxx indicated on the announcement. Where possible, the student has to indicate one of these payment methods when registering. This choice is irrevocable for the programme or activity concerned. Invoices can no longer be issued after the payment has been made. If a student deregisters at the latest on the day of the registration deadline of the programme, they have to pay an administrative fee of 10 % of the tuition fee, with a minimum of 20 euro. If a student deregisters after the registration deadline of the programme the full tuition fee remains due. Payments have to be made to KU Leuven's registered office, by no later than thirty days after the payment request date, unless other terms of payment are specified. In the event of failure to pay by the due date, an interest of 10 % per year on the overdue amount as well as a late payment charge of 10 % (minimum 50 euro) will be payable by law and without notice of default. In the event of failure to pay by the due date, KU Leuven will be entitled to demand immediate payment of the student's outstanding invoices, even those not yet due, regardless of agreed terms of payment. Unconditional payment of part of the due amount will constitute acceptance of the receivable. Partial payments will be accepted without prejudice and with all rights reserved. They will first be applied to any legal costs incurred, then to the outstanding interest, then to the late payment charge and finally to the principal amount. In the event of non-payment by the student, KU Leuven reserves the right to cancel or postpone activities, provided the student is informed in writing. §2. For certified continuing education programmes, tuition fees are determined per study programme and communicated under the description of the relevant programme. Registration for these programmes is done centrally. For a certified continuing education programme, the tuition fee can never be less than the minimum amount of the reduced fixed component, plus the tuition fee for 3 credits (the equivalent for the compulsory minimum number of 90 study hours). For these programmes, additional conditions can apply, insofar as these conditions are declared applicable. §3. For continuing education programmes with a certificate of attendance, the tuition fee is determined per programme and specified in the description of the relevant programme. Registration is not done centrally. For these programmes, additional conditions can apply, insofar as these conditions are declared applicable. Last update: Sep 16, 2026 Comments on the content and accessibility: Tuition Fees Log in Tuition fee Calculation Payment Archive 2020-2021 2019-2020 2018-2019 Disclaimer Cookie Settings Privacy Policy Jobs Follow KU Leuven on Tuition fees EN Nederlands English To homepage kuleuven.be