Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to search A+ A A- fr en University Arts and Humanities Health sciences Science and Engineering Education Education Study at Sorbonne University Study at Sorbonne University Our Academic Programs Enrolment procedures and tuition fees Ensure successful studies Ensure successful studies Tutoring Student Services Student internships Tools and Resources Reorientation and caesura Prepare Your Professional Goals Prepare Your Professional Goals Employability Facts and Figures Student Entrepreneruial Training Sorbonne University Librairies Sorbonne University Librairies Use Sorbonne University services About the Sorbonne University Libraries Commitment to Open Science Student life Student life Grants and financial assistance Sports and Cultural Activities Student associations Work Spaces Cafeteria and Food Service Housing Student Jobs Summer University Winter University Research Research Research strategy Research strategy Research themes and programs Horizon Europe research projects Commitment to open science Innovation and exploitation Innovation and exploitation Knowledge transfer Collaboration with a research team Setting up a business The HR Excellence in Research Certification Multidisciplinary institutes and initiatives Multidisciplinary institutes and initiatives Institutes Initiatives Research Structures Technical platforms Research partners Research partners International Strategic Partnerships International Research Laboratories Sorbonne University Abu Dhabi Partner companies Observatories in Other Regions The Doctorate The Doctorate Sorbonne University, an attractive environment for doctoral candidates Doctoral College Application and admission Doctoral Course Career plans and professional development Milestones Administrative procedures International International International Welcome Desk Study at Sorbonne University Study at Sorbonne University Our Academic Programs 4EU+ International Strategic Partnerships International Strategic Partnerships National Autonomous University of Mexico Université Laval The University of Sydney International University of Rabat Nanyang Technological University Indian Institute of Technology Dehli International Research Laboratories International solidarity: our welcome initiatives Sorbonne University Abu Dhabi Culture Culture Architecture and works of art Museums, libraries, heritage sites and collections Outstanding collections and bequests SorbonNum University University About us About us Research and Education The Strategic Plan 2025-2029 Confident, responsible and open science Equality, secularism, inclusivity History Facts and Figures Governance and organization Governance and organization The Governance Team Central Councils Faculties Sorbonne University Alliance Sorbonne University Alliance The alliance of all knowledge Multidisciplinary institutes and initiatives Support for research and innovation Major Educational Programs SOUND, for a new commitment The Deployment of Digital Tools for Public Service - OPEN-SU Project AI at the Heart of a Scientific and Societal Ambition - The PostGenAI@Paris Project The Protection and Enhancement of Heritage - The SPHINX Project The Sorbonne University Cité de l'Innovation The Sorbonne University Cité de l'Innovation Paris Parc becomes the Sorbonne University Cité de l'Innovation The Cité de l'Innovation in pictures Foundation Foundation Projects to Fund Community of Donors Our Organization Alumni Alumni Let's build the network together Join a club or association Alumni portraits Contact us Press and Media Press and Media International Press Relations Rental of Conference Facilities Rental of Conference Facilities The International Conference Centre Rental Spaces in the Zamansky Tower Rental Spaces on the Cordeliers campus Spaces offered by the Faculty of Arts and Humanities Spaces offered by the Faculty of Health Sciences Spaces offered by the Faculty of Science and Engineering fr en instagram linkedin youtube facebook You are Future international student International student Doctoral Candidate Company Alumni Press and Media Close Search Home Education Study at Sorbonne University degree seeking students International Application and Registration Campus France procedure Campus France procedure To apply for a French Higher Education Institution (HEI) you must follow the Campus France "Études en France" procedure (EEF). Campus France is the national agency for the promotion of the French higher education system, which manages the application procedure. This completely dematerialized procedure will help you with your application and until the visa request. share bluesky facebook linkedin mail print Published on 29/06/2020 - Updated on 17/08/2023 Campus France procedure The application procedure depends on two indicators : your nationality and your level of studies (higher education or secondary school diploma). Depending on the level of your studies, you must fill in the white file (dossier blanc) if you are applying for 1st year of bachelor ("Licence 1") or the green file ("dossier vert") for a 2nd or 3rd year of Bachelor or for a Master. Complete the according document (white or green file) with your contact details and your choices of three universities maximum, and then bring the white file to the Department of Culture at the French Embassy in your country of origin or the green file to the university of your choice. Students who wish to enroll in the 2nd year of a bachelor program are advised to also apply for the 1st year of the bachelor at the same time. This is because admission of the university is granted following an examination of each application by a pedagogical commission that judges whether the candidate's prior studies meet the program requirements. If they do not, the candidate may only be able to enter the degree program in the 1st year. Sorbonne University and Campus France work closely together to enable International students to join our institution. > Études en France website Please note that if you do not come from a francophone country, you need a certificate proving your successful completion of a French language test (for example TCF, TEF or DELF). The required level of French for studies at Sorbonne University may range from B2 to C1 depending on the program. For more information, please contact the relevant faculty directly for the French fluency requirement on the academic program to which you would like to apply (the links below are currently only available in French): Si vous étudiez au sein de la faculté des Lettres . Si vous étudiez au sein de la faculté de Médecine . Si vous étudiez au sein de la faculté des Sciences et Ingénierie . Sorbonne University does not currently offer bachelor's programs in English. Please follow the procedure corresponding to your profile European student Applying for 1st year of Bachelor ("Licence 1") For European students coming from: One of the 28 EU member states EEA (EU countries, Norway, Iceland, Lichtenstein) Switzerland Monaco or Andorra If you are a current or future holder of French or European baccalaureate, it is mandatory to apply on the PARCOURSUP platform . If you hold another secondary school certificate or baccalaureate, you must file a Preliminary request for admission ("Demande d'Admission Préalable - DAP") and apply through the " Etudes en France" website . Applying for a 2nd or 3rd year of Bachelor or for a Master You have to follow the registration procedure from around mid-April directly online on eCandidat . In the downloaded application form, you can indicate your choice of bachelor/master (max 2 options). You will then receive a password and username with which you can follow online the progress of your application. Send your application to the secretaries of your bachelor/master. Once you have been accepted, you will receive an online confirmation and you must then confirm your acceptance. For all information about qualifications and classes please contact your teaching department directly. Applying for Doctorate level To enroll in a doctoral program you have to contact the doctoral school of Sorbonne University. International Student living in Europe Applying for 1st year of Bachelor ("Licence 1") If you are resident in Europe but do not have the nationality of a European country you must file a Preliminary request for admission ("Demande d'Admission Préalable - DAP") and apply through the " Etudes en France" website . Please note that as a 1st year applicant at a university, you have to fill out the white file (dossier blanc). You must submit your file to the Department of Cooperation and Cultural Action of the French Embassy in your country of origin. Applying for a 2nd or 3rd year of Bachelor or for a Master You have to follow the registration procedure from around mid-April directly online on the Sorbonne University website. In the downloaded application form you can indicate your choice of bachelor/master (max 2 options). You will then receive a password and username with which you can follow online the progress of your application. Send your application to the secretaries of your bachelor/master. Once you have been accepted, you will receive an online confirmation and you must then confirm your acceptance. For all information about qualifications and classes please contact your teaching department directly. Applying for Doctorate level To enroll in a doctoral program you have to contact the doctoral school of Sorbonne University. After you are accepted and you receive your admission letter you will be able to undertake the visa procedure at the French Consulate of your country of residence. Ask for a student visa if your admission is for a Bachelor's or Master's program, for a talent passport visa "chercheur" if you applied for a doctoral program. Note that you do not have to return to your native country to apply for a visa. International Student living in a country connected to the Campus France "Etudes en France" procedure CEF International students residing in one of the 44 countries with a Campus France local office must apply to Sorbonne University using the Campus France CEF procedure. Please check if your country of residence is connected to Campus France . Applying for 1st year of Bachelor ("Licence 1") Your country is connected to the Campus France "Etudes en France" procedure? You have the nationality of the country you are living (for instance, you are living in China and you are Chinese)? You are preparing or have a French or European Baccalaureate? > You have to apply on the PARCOURSUP platform of the "Etudes en France" procedure Your country is connected to the Campus France "Etudes en France" procedure? You have the nationality of the country you are living (for instance, you are living in China and you are Chinese)? You are preparing or have another secondary school certificate or baccalaureate? > You must file a Preliminary request for admission ("Demande d'Admission Préalable - DAP") and apply through the "Etudes en France" website. Your country is connected to the Campus France "Etudes en France" procedure? You have a nationality of EU country or Norway, Iceland, Lichtenstein, Switzerland, Andorra or Monaco (for instance, you are living in China and you have a German nationality)? > You have to apply on the PARCOURSUP platform of the "Etudes en France" procedure Applying for a 2nd or 3rd year of Bachelor or for a Master In order to continue your studies on a 2nd or 3rd year of Bachelor's or Master's degree you have to follow the Campus France " Etudes en France" procedure . Applying for Doctorate level To enroll in a doctoral program you have to contact the doctoral school of Sorbonne University. As soon as you are admitted do your request for a "talent passport" visa with the French Consulate or Embassy in your country of residence. International Students living in a country NOT connected to the Campus France "Etudes en France" procedure CEF As an International student not living in a country connected to the Campus France "Etudes en France" procedure CEF you must file a Preliminary request for admission ("Demande d'Admission Préalable - DAP"). Please note that as a 1st year applicant at a French university you have to fill out the white file (dossier blanc). You must submit your file to the Department of Cooperation and Cultural Action of the French Embassy in your country of residence. In order to avoid missing deadlines, we highly recommend you start your procedure in November preceding the academic year you wish to join Sorbonne University. International Students living in France with a valid residence permit (carte de séjour) The application form, (a green file/"dossier vert") can be obtain from the nearest French public university. You must show your residence permit, valid for at least a year. You can also download the file from the Ministry of Higher Education and Research website. Please make sure you comply with the application timetable for all procedures. PUBLIC PROCUREMENT LEGAL NOTICE DATA PROTECTION POLICY INTERNATIONAL PRESS RELATIONS CREDITS RENTAL OF CONFERENCE FACILITIES Sorbonne University 21, rue de l'école de médecine 75006 Paris Contact us Find us! instagram linkedin youtube facebook Site réalisé par