Go to content Go to menu Sitemap Join Sorbonne University Study Student mobility Admission to the first year Admission into a higher level Finalise your registration Research and teaching Scientific mobility Admission to a doctoral programme Register or re-register for a doctoral programme Apply for a postdoc or a faculty position Sign your contract and join your research unit Managing Your Stay Your Visa Understanding Your Profile and Residence formalities Student visas Scientific visas Validation of the first visa Your residence permit Renewing my residence permit Managing your finances Your budget Defining your budget Finding financial aid Finding an internship or job Banking and taxation Opening a bank account Paying Tax Moving to France Accommodation Useful information Accommodation offered by Sorbonne University Tips for finding accommodation independently Temporary accommodation solutions Moving out of your accommodation Health and insurance formalities Registering with the Social Security System Your health at university Off-campus health Taking out insurance Life off campus Getting around Phone and internet Leisure activities Family End-of-stay formalities Life at Sorbonne University Making the most of your mobility experience on campus List of campuses and sites Learning French Language exchange and mentorship programmes Campus life International alumni Sorbonne University international alumni Alumni testimonials 2014 Alumna, Spain 2008 Alumnus, Italy 1995 Alumnus, Vietnam 2006 Alumna, China The Welcome Desk About us Teams and mission Contact and appointments Top Stories Events News View your profile Student profile Lecturer and researcher profile Your step-by-step mobility process Before your arrival During your stay Before you leave Good to know Frequently asked questions Glossary Contact and appointments Glossary Frequently asked questions Fr En Search Search Use quotation marks to search for an exact phrase. Your checklist Home Join Sorbonne University Study Admission to the first year Admission to the first year after the Baccalaureate (first year of a Bachelor's degree) Your checklist Deploy your checklist Modify your checklist Your checklist Create your checklist Section index Copy link Link copied ! Would you like to join Sorbonne University after your secondary school leaving certificate, equivalent to the French Baccalaureate? You must first be admitted to the first year of your Bachelor's degree. Depending on your profile (for example, intra- or extra-EU student), the admission procedure will vary. Find out more about the conditions for eligibility, the documents you need to provide and the timescales involved to help you prepare for your arrival at Sorbonne University. Please note: in the first year of the Bachelor's degree, courses are taught in French across all faculties of Sorbonne University. A minimum B2 level of French proficiency is required for enrolment. Nationals of the European Union, the European Economic Area, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra Your secondary school-leaving diploma is one of the following: French Baccalaureate. European Baccalaureate. International Baccalaureate. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a Member State of the enlarged European Union. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a non-Member State of the enlarged European Union. You must submit your application via the national platform Parcoursup . Please consult the application timetable carefully and the procedure to follow depending on your situation. Other nationals of countries covered by the "Études en France" procedure You have a French or European Baccalaureate: you must submit your application via the national platform Parcoursup . You have a non-European diploma giving access to higher education in France and included in this list: International Baccalaureate. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a Member State of the enlarged European Union. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a non-Member State of the enlarged European Union. Your application is subject to the Prior Admission Application (Demande d'Admission Préalable - DAP) - Études en France procedure. For more information, please visit the following websites: Campus France Études en France Other nationals of countries not covered by the "Études en France" procedure You have a French or European baccalaureate: you must submit your application via the national platform Parcoursup . You have a non-European diploma giving access to higher education in France and included in this list: International Baccalaureate. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a Member State of the enlarged European Union. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a non-Member State of the enlarged European Union. Your application is subject to the white hard-copy Prior Admission Application (Demande d'Admission Préalable - DAP) procedure (to be submitted to the French diplomatic mission in your country of residence). For more information, visit the " Demande d'admission préalable (DAP) dossier blanc " section of the MESRE (Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Space) website. Other foreign nationals resident in France You are not a citizen of the European Union, the European Economic Area, the Swiss Confederation, Monaco or Andorra. You have a French or European baccalaureate: you must submit your application via the national platform Parcoursup . You have a non-European diploma giving access to higher education in France and included in this list: International Baccalaureate. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a Member State of the enlarged European Union. Secondary school-leaving diploma awarded by a non-Member State of the enlarged European Union. Your application is subject to the green hard-copy Prior Admission Application (Demande d'Admission Préalable - DAP) procedure. For more information, visit the " Demande d'admission préalable (DAP) dossier vert " section of the MESRE (Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Space) website. Please note that being admitted is not equivalent to enrolment; it is simply a prerequisite for enrolment. If your application is accepted, you will then need to complete your administrative and academic registration. Write to us Frequently asked questions List of campuses and sites Glossary © Sorbonne University 2026 Cookie management Data Protection Charter Legal notice Sitemap