Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to search A+ A A- fr en University Arts and Humanities Health sciences Science and Engineering Study Study Our programmes Our programmes Programs in French DU RESPE Organizing your schooling Organizing your schooling Orientation and integration University calendar Terms and conditions of assessment (MCC) Internships Regulations governing student internships Courses taught in English Courses taught in English Chemistry Earth science Life Science Mathematics Physics Engineering and Computer Science Polytech Sorbonne Professional development Apply Apply Licences Licences First year of Licence (L1) Double bachelor's and double degree courses Second and third years of the Licence Master Students in exile - applications and enrollments Taking a single course Enrollement Fees Research Research Strategy, organisation and funding Strategy, organisation and funding Research structures by subjects Multidisciplinary institutes and initiatives Research support and funding Technical Platforms Key projects & achievements Key projects & achievements Research projects Successess Research partners Research partners Strategic partners Participation in research networks and infrastructures Research federations International Research Laboratories Multidisciplinary institutes and initiatives Research structures Research structures Research structures Research structures by subjects Technical Platforms Doctoral schools Work with us Work with us Become a partner Join us International International Going abroad Outgoing mobility Outgoing mobility Discover possible destinations Financing your study mobility In Europe with Erasmus+ and SEMP Internships abroad Outside Europe Coming to the faculty Exchange programs Exchange programs Incoming mobility Your contacts Welcoming degree seeking students to the faculty Our international training programs Campus Life Campus Life Welcome Welcome Campus entertainment Campus map Dining halls Housing Reservation of spaces Science and Engineering libraries Student spaces Health Social & Financial assistance Social & Financial assistance Aid granted by the faculty Other sources of assistance Special assistance for international students Student employment at Sorbonne University Sports activities & Student associations Sports activities & Student associations Join an association Practice a sporting activity Elite sports program Sports events Health & Disability Health & Disability FAQ | handicap Practical life | disability Service handicap santé étudiant | about us Studies and support | Disability Art & Culture Art & Culture Artistic practice workshops Collections Cultural action for the entire student community Elite artists program About About Overview Vision & Values Our People, Our Strength Our People, Our Strength Our Portraits The Faculty in Numbers Schools, Observatories & Institutes Successes Venues, Sites & History Join Our Team fr en Close Search Home campus life Social & Financial assistance Special assistance for international students Special assistance for international students If you are a new student at Sorbonne University's Faculty of Science and Engineering, Student Life's social action team can help you with all your administrative formalities and make it easier for you to access your rights. This page is intended for international students arriving at the Faculty outside an exchange program. share bluesky facebook linkedin mail print Published on 17/01/2024 - Updated on 30/09/2024 Special assistance for international students The Social Action team welcomes you to the Maison de la Vie Étudiante and helps you renew your residence permit throughout your studies. As soon as you arrive in France, you must register with the French health insurance system. Health insurance As soon as you arrive in France , you must register with Ameli ,the online health insurance website . Registration is free and compulsory . You will be given a social security number. This identification gives you access to numerous online services, as well as partial reimbursement of your healthcare costs. You must have a social security number to work or undertake an internship. For full reimbursement, you can subscribe to a complementary health insurance (mutuelle ). Step 1: Register online and receive a provisional number. For this registration, please bring: Proof of enrolment for the current academic year (school certificate, enrolment document or student card) Proof of identity (passport or ID card, both sides) Your student visa Step 2: To obtain your certificate and final entitlement, you must provide the following documents: Proof of civil status (full copy of birth certificate or birth certificate extract with filiation or copy of family record book and marriage certificate) Your residence permit or visa with confirmation of online registration validation (ANEF link). A bank details form (Relevé d'Identité Bancaire) > Link to register for social security Your residence permit The welcome office for international students will help you put together and follow up on your application or renewal of your residence permit. Worth knowing : All residence permit applications can be made electronically via the ANEF website, the digital administration for foreigners in France . Procedures are carried out online 24/7. If you have connection problems, a computer is available at the Maison de la Vie Étudiante. /For students under 18, please contact the prefecture via the contact form on the web page of the prefecture in your département of residence. Contact Student Life Social Action Adress: Maison de la Vie Étudiante Campus Pierre et Marie Curie (Between the towers 23 & 24) Phone number: 01 44 27 60 60 Email : sciences-accompagnement-social@sorbonne-universite.fr Benefit from exceptional social assistance You will find all the information you need on the financial aid page . Your Paris transport pass You can obtain a subscription to the Paris and Île-de-France transport network (RATP) for unlimited travel on all metro, RER, bus and tramway lines . The subscription for students under 26 is €38/year . Tip: apply early, as it takes between 10 days and 3 weeks to process your Navigo card application . The required documents are: Your school certificate A passport photo a means of payment Housing assistance Housing assistance may be paid, under certain conditions, to anyone renting accommodation or living in a hostel. There are three types of assistance: personalized housing assistance (APL), family housing allowance (ALF) and social housing allowance (ALS). > More information on housing assistance Access to administrative and legal support The Nouvelles Voies association supports students at the Faculty of Medicine during its weekly office hours on Mondays at the MVE (Maison de la Vie Etudiante). > Find out more Read more Nouvelles Voies, administrative and legal support DU RESPE Useful links View the page in English Why Choose Us Campuses Intranet Join Our Team Faculty of Science & Engineering Sorbonne University 4, place Jussieu 75005 Paris Contact Find us! Site réalisé par