Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to search A+ A A- fr en University Arts and Humanities Health sciences Science and Engineering Study Study Our programmes Our programmes Programs in French DU RESPE Organizing your schooling Organizing your schooling Orientation and integration University calendar Terms and conditions of assessment (MCC) Internships Regulations governing student internships Courses taught in English Courses taught in English Chemistry Earth science Life Science Mathematics Physics Engineering and Computer Science Polytech Sorbonne Professional development Apply Apply Licences Licences First year of Licence (L1) Double bachelor's and double degree courses Second and third years of the Licence Master Students in exile - applications and enrollments Taking a single course Enrollement Fees Research Research Strategy, organisation and funding Strategy, organisation and funding Research structures by subjects Multidisciplinary institutes and initiatives Research support and funding Technical Platforms Key projects & achievements Key projects & achievements Research projects Successess Research partners Research partners Strategic partners Participation in research networks and infrastructures Research federations International Research Laboratories Multidisciplinary institutes and initiatives Research structures Research structures Research structures Research structures by subjects Technical Platforms Doctoral schools Work with us Work with us Become a partner Join us International International Going abroad Outgoing mobility Outgoing mobility Discover possible destinations Financing your study mobility In Europe with Erasmus+ and SEMP Internships abroad Outside Europe Coming to the faculty Exchange programs Exchange programs Incoming mobility Your contacts Welcoming degree seeking students to the faculty Our international training programs Campus Life Campus Life Welcome Welcome Campus entertainment Campus map Dining halls Housing Reservation of spaces Science and Engineering libraries Student spaces Health Social & Financial assistance Social & Financial assistance Aid granted by the faculty Other sources of assistance Special assistance for international students Student employment at Sorbonne University Sports activities & Student associations Sports activities & Student associations Join an association Practice a sporting activity Elite sports program Sports events Health & Disability Health & Disability FAQ | handicap Practical life | disability Service handicap santé étudiant | about us Studies and support | Disability Art & Culture Art & Culture Artistic practice workshops Collections Cultural action for the entire student community Elite artists program About About Overview Vision & Values Our People, Our Strength Our People, Our Strength Our Portraits The Faculty in Numbers Schools, Observatories & Institutes Successes Venues, Sites & History Join Our Team fr en Close Search Home International Welcoming degree seeking students to the faculty share bluesky facebook linkedin mail print Welcoming degree seeking students to the faculty Expert advice and support tailored to your needs Our team is here to help degree seeking students who aren't enrolled in exchange programs partnered with Sorbonne University. If you have any questions regarding your arrival in France as part of an exchange program with Sorbonne University, you can contact the Student Mobility Office . If you are not enrolled in an exchange program, but come individually as an international student at Sorbonne University, you can contact the Student Hub (Maison de la Vie Etudiante - MVE) . Are you an international student enrolled at Sorbonne University's faculty of Science and Engineering or about to enrol? Have you just moved to France? This page will guide you and advise you on a wide range of subjects. What we can offer you By teaming up with the Student Welfare Services ( Pôle social ), we assist you in finding answers to your questions. We redirect you to the relevant specialist service and make your search easier by providing one-to-one support. Our services include: Assistance in submitting visa applications Since the 7 th of April 2021, international students have been able to apply for a visa online through France-Visas . This new service is available for residents of countries where the visa process is outsourced and applications for long-stay visas are completed online . Visit the Campus France website for more information about the conditions and steps for registering. You will also find video tutorials covering every step of the registration process. > Find information on the International Welcome Desk website Assistance in renewing your residence permit Residence permit requests can be made electronically on the website of the Digital Administration Services for Foreign Nationals in France (the Administration numérique pour les étrangers en France or ANEF ). You can complete these processes online using a computer, tablet or smartphone 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We can guide you and answer any questions related to the process. > Find more information on the International Welcome Desk website Support in applying for grants and financial aid It is possible to claim one-off or annual assistance. Exceptional schemes have also been set up to meet the most urgent needs. Request exemption from registration fees University fee exemption committees meet at the start of the academic year. Students without grants may be made exempt from registration fees if they are facing financial problems. These exemptions are subject to certain conditions. It is important to meet with the Student Welfare Services ( Pôle social ) before preparing or submitting your application. >> Send us an email Exceptional emergency assistance - digital pack It is possible to request one-off assistance if you are experiencing financial difficulties. This assistance may be granted following the guidelines set by the Committee of the Solidarity Fund for Developing Student Initiatives (the Fonds de solidarité au développement des initiatives étudiantes or FSDIE ). The committee's meetings are arranged throughout the year to respond to urgent and difficult situations that require support. Given the current context of health protocols, help with purchasing a computer is now available to students. To benefit from this financial assistance, a « digital pack » request form needs to be filled. >> Send us an email Crous grants based on social criteria Applications for grants based on social criteria are made from January 15 th to May 31 st directly on the Crous website via a one-stop process called the Student Welfare Application (the Dossier Social Étudiant , or DSE ). The Crous social assistants are available to talk to you in the Student Hub ( Espace vie étudiante ) on the Pierre et Marie Curie campus. They will assess your situation and help you complete the application before the committee meets. >> Learn more > Find more information on the International Welcome Desk website Support in applying for housing assistance Housing assistance is available: Types of aid General information Student rental deposit ( VISALE) VISALE , an entirely free and electronically-based system, is a government guarantee managed by Crous that makes it easier for students under 30 without guarantors in France (and under certain conditions for those over 30) to access accommodation. >> Make your request Accommodation allowance ( allocation logement , or AL ) AL can be allocated to tenants, co-tenants or sub-tenants in furnished or unfurnished accommodation. Individual housing assistance ( aide personnalisée au logement , or APL ) Anyone renting accommodation covered by an agreement between the owner and the government can receive APL . If the request is accepted, the APL is paid directly to the owner of the accommodation. You can find all the information you need about housing assistance on the website of the Family Allowances Fund (the caisse d'allocations familiales or CAF ). To receive APL, make your request once your rental agreement has been signed. >> Calculate the amount of your financial aid >> Make your request The Loca-Pass The Loca-Pass makes it easier for students to access rental accommodation. Two types of aid are available: The repayable Loca-Pass advance covers the security deposit directly with the lessor (two months' rent for private rentals and one month's rent in a residence). The Loca-Pass guarantee is a joint deposit valid for three years, which covers up to 18 months of payments, rents and charges should the tenant be unable to pay the rent. To be eligible to apply for a Loca-Pass , you need to: Either have a state grant with a fixed-term contract beginning at least three months prior to the time of the request or in the previous six months, Or be on an approved internship which began at least three months prior to the time of the request. >> Learn more >>IMPORTANT<< A list of available accommodation has been drawn up to make it easier for the student community to find housing solutions. > Find more information on the International Welcome Desk website Social assistance and counselling Social assistance requests can be made for personal, family, economic, administrative, university or study issues. Our team is here to listen to you, talk to you confidentially, help you with formalities, and direct you to the most suitable services. >> Book an appointment by sending an email Help in finding a student job Our team regularly receives part-time job offers designed to provide an additional source of income whilst a student is studying. To learn more about our latest student job opportunities, you can visit our dedicated page (information available only in French). > Find more information on the International Welcome Desk website Support in requesting specific assistance from the Disability Resources Centre >> Find out more How to find us? Our team is located in the Student Hub ( Espace vie étudiante ) on the Pierre et Marie Curie campus. We help you settle in, navigate university life and connect with our dynamic student community. Get in touch with our teams to learn more! >> Email Useful links International Welcome Desk Special assistance for international students Why Choose Us Campuses Intranet Join Our Team Faculty of Science & Engineering Sorbonne University 4, place Jussieu 75005 Paris Contact Find us! Site réalisé par