International Applicants HOME APPLY REQUIREMENTS In This Section International Applicants Undocumented / DACA Applicants Transfer Applicants QuestBridge Applicants More than 10 percent of Colby students are non-US citizens. International students follow the same application process as domestic students. Details specific to the international applicant process can be found below. Admissions Requirements The path to making an impact is shaped by the opportunities that surround you. The brightest scholars representing more than 80 countries around the world choose Colby for the opportunity to gain a prestigious degree and make valuable connections at one of America's finest colleges. Multicultural Programs International Student Support Admissions Requirements Virtual Visit Financial Aid Information Colby meets 100 percent of demonstrated need for all admitted students, including international students. Financial need is determined by each family's unique financial circumstances. Financial Aid Application College Board CSS Profile Colby's CSS code number is 3280. The CSS Profile is required for determining eligibility for institutional funds. If your parents are divorced, separated, or were never married, please submit the Non-Custodial Parent CSS Profile. Non-Custodial Parent Waiver Form For students for whom the fee to submit the CSS Profile poses a financial burden, Colby offers a CSS fee waiver. Please do not submit any additional financial aid documentation unless requested by the Admissions and Financial Aid team. Financial Aid Deadlines SUBMITTED/POSTMARKED BY: EARLY DECISION I EARLY DECISION II REGULAR DECISION International College Board CSS Profile Nov. 15 Jan. 4 Jan. 15 Financing Options Colby financial aid packages are designed to meet 100 percent of demonstrated financial need with grants and employment. There are families, however, who choose to borrow for out-of-pocket (family contribution) costs or who wish to spread out payments over a period of time. Supplementing with Outside Scholarships: There are thousands of outside scholarship opportunities available, and we encourage you to apply for as many as you can. Check with your college counselor for local scholarships and online for national scholarships for which you may be eligible. College Payment Plan: Colby offers a Fall 4 month payment plan and a Spring 4 month payment plan. For more information please visit Student Financial Services. Please contact Cashnet to verify your eligibility at 800-635-0120, Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. EST. Flywire: You may make payments from your home country using your national currency through Flywire. English Language Proficiency Exam Results If English is neither your first language nor your current language of instruction we require a score report of the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) iBT or Home Edition, International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Academic at a test center or online, or Duolingo English Test (DET). You may self-report your scores when applying to Colby, either by reporting them on your application or sending a PDF copy of your score report to admissions@colby.edu. We superscore the TOEFL and accept MyBest scores. Video interviews are not required; however, Colby does accept them via Duolingo, Vericant, and InitialView. All application materials must be submitted in English (regardless of your language of instruction). Extraordinary support. Boundless opportunity. Admissions FAQ Find Your Territory Manager