Requirements Application Colby considers applications from all students regardless of citizenship or background. Each year our admissions counselors read thousands of applications. Your application is what will set you apart. Tell us what interests you. Share your accomplishments and what you've learned along the way. Emphasize your dedication to both academic and extracurricular activities. Tell us your story. Our financial aid packages meet 100 percent of your demonstrated financial need, making this education available to students from every background. Application Materials All application materials must be submitted in English (regardless of your language of instruction). If you filed your application early in the fall and would like to provide new information or accomplishments, please email us at admissions@colby.edu. Required Materials Completed Application for Admission Colby accepts the Common Application, Coalition Application, or QuestBridge Application. It is free to apply. Academic Records We require your high school transcript and a completed secondary school report from a school official. Letters of Recommendation We require one counselor recommendation and two teacher recommendations. Completed Financial Aid Application (for financial aid applicants only) For detailed information regarding applying for financial aid, visit our Applying for Aid page. Language Proficiency Exam Results If English is neither your first language nor your current language of instruction we require a score report of the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) iBT or Home Edition, International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Academic at a test center or online, or Duolingo English Test (DET). You may self-report your scores when applying to Colby, either by reporting them on your application or sending a PDF copy of your score report to admissions@colby.edu. We superscore the TOEFL and accept MyBest scores. Video interviews are not required; however, Colby does accept them via Duolingo, Vericant, and InitialView. Optional Materials Standardized Test Score Results Colby is a test optional institution. Students may choose whether to submit standardized test scores with their application for admission. Students may email admissions@colby.edu to notify us that they do not wish to submit standardized test scores, or submit the Standardized Test Score Update form in their Colby admissions portal. Admitted students who submit test scores as part of their application will be required to provide official score reports prior to enrollment. Application Deadlines ROUND ADMISSIONS DEADLINE FINANCIAL AID DEADLINE OPTIONAL AND SUPPORTING MATERIALS DUE DECISIONS RELEASED Early Decision I Nov. 15 Nov. 15 Nov. 22 On or before Dec. 15 Early Decision II Jan. 4 Jan. 4 Jan. 15 On or before Feb. 15 Regular Decision Jan. 4 Jan. 15 Jan. 15 On or before April 1