Skip to main content Enter your search terms More about HKUST University News Academic Departments A-Z Life@HKUST Library Map & Directions Careers at HKUST Faculty Profiles About HKUST Apply Now Eng 繁體 简体 Our Programs School of Science School of Engineering School of Business and Management School of Humanities and Social Science Academy of Interdisciplinary Studies Minor Programs Admissions International Qualifications JUPAS Mainland Gaokao (Simplified Chinese) Post-secondary Visiting Student Athletes Admissions Scheme Fees & Scholarships Local Student Non-Local Student Student Life Learn Without Boundaries Kickstart Your Career Live Out Your Dream The Time of Your Life More Student Stories Diversity, Equality and Inclusion What's On Information Day Pre-U Program Why HKUST Meet Our Students Campus Tour Enter your search terms More about HKUST University News Academic Departments A-Z Life@HKUST Library Map & Directions Careers at HKUST Faculty Profiles About HKUST Apply Now Eng 繁體 简体 Our Programs School of Science School of Engineering School of Business and Management School of Humanities and Social Science Academy of Interdisciplinary Studies Minor Programs Admissions International Qualifications JUPAS Mainland Gaokao (Simplified Chinese) Post-secondary Visiting Student Athletes Admissions Scheme Fees & Scholarships Local Student Non-Local Student Student Life Learn Without Boundaries Kickstart Your Career Live Out Your Dream The Time of Your Life More Student Stories Diversity, Equality and Inclusion What's On Information Day Pre-U Program Why HKUST Meet Our Students Campus Tour FAQ Publication Video Contact Us Follow Us on Facebook Instagram Line WeChat Youtube Bilibili Little Red Book Fees and Scholarships Modules Description Tuition fees and the costs of University-provided accommodation differ for local and non-local students. To help you pursue your dream at HKUST, the University provides various forms of financial support, including admissions scholarships for outstanding students upon admissions. There are also other scholarship opportunities for current students. In addition, the university is committed to ensuring that students are not deprived of the right to receive education due to financial problems. Students can apply for financial aid through different schemes. For details, please visit the Scholarships and Financial Aid Office's website . Image Dropdown Button Definition of Non-local Students Dropdown Description You are considered as a non-local student if you are a holder of the following documents issued by the Immigration Department of the HKSAR: a student visa/entry permit; or a visa/entry permit under the Immigration Arrangement for Non-local Graduates; or a dependant visa/entry permit who were 18 years old or above when they were issued with such visa/entry permit by the Director of Immigration. Please click here for definitions of local and non-local students. Local and non-local applicants are considered under various admissions schemes and are required to pay different rates of tuition fee. Applicants are required to provide identity documents to support their claim of local / non-local status during the admissions process. Any changes in local / non-local status after submission of application will lead to a corresponding change in the admissions scheme. Offers made under the initial admissions scheme may be revoked, and applicants will be re-considered in competition with other eligible applicants under the appropriate admissions scheme. LPM 13 Tabs local-students Title Local Students non-local-students Title Non-local Students Module Reference Title Fees Description Tuition Fee (Local Students Eligible for Goverment Subsidised Tuition Fees@) * HKD 49,500** per academic year in 2027/28 academic year For tuition fee for visiting students/interns, please see # Accommodation Fee (Local Students) ^ University-provided Accommodation (excl. meals, air-conditioning and laundry charges) ~HKD 16,000 - HKD 39,000 per residential year Please click here for the estimated cost of living outside campus. Living Expenses Personal Expenses ~HKD 60,000 per academic year Small Description Remarks: @Please visit the following link for details on the eligibility criteria for government subsidized tuition fees: https://www.info.gov.hk/gia/general/202507/31/P2025073100290.htm . *Any changes in local / non-local status will lead to corresponding changes in the rate of tuition fee, accommodation fee, scholarships, etc.; please refer to the above for definitions of local and non-local students. Students with financial difficulties may apply for financial assistance. Various types of financial assistance and related services are available. For more details, please visit the Scholarship and Financial Aid Office website. **For local students admitted to the five-year Dual Degree Program in Technology and Management, the tuition fee for the fifth year of study will be set at a different rate from the first four years of undergraduate studies, which is funded and set by the Government. As reference, the DDP 5th year tuition fee is HKD75,000 for 2027/28. Subject to annual review and adjustment. #Visiting Students of Intake 2025/26: HKD6,200 per credit; Visiting Internship Students: HKD1,860 per credit #Visiting Students of Intake 2026/27: HKD7,200 per credit; Visiting Internship Students: HKD1,960 per credit ^ The hall fees listed above are ONLY for new students admitted to HKUST in fall 2026 for the entire residential period. The accommodation fee for 2027/28 has not yet been announced. For the latest updates, please visit the Student Housing and Residential Life Office website. Sub Module Reference Title Scholarships LPM 13 Tabs Title Academic Title Non-Academic Module Reference Description HKUST offers academic scholarships to students from different backgrounds and with different qualifications. Admissions scholarships are awarded to top students from all backgrounds based on academic merit and non-academic achievements. All applicants are considered for academic scholarships. No separate application is required for academic scholarships. Module Reference Link University Admissions Scholarship Scheme for HKDSE Holders Link University Admissions Scholarship for Other Qualifications Link Scholarship Scheme for International/Asian Olympiad Medalists Description At HKUST, we celebrate diversity and recognize the various talents our students bring to the university community. Separate applications are required for non-academic scholarships. The application deadlines are as follows: For Applicants with International Qualifications: Priority Round Deadline: Nov 25, 2026 (Late SAAS applications will be considered case by case till late Mar, 2027) For JUPAS Applicants: Application Deadline: early Jan 2027 (Late SAAS applications will be considered case by case till late Mar, 2027) Module Reference Link Student Athletes Admissions Scheme (SAAS) Link Beyond Academic Admissions Scholarship (BAAS) Link School Nominations Direct Admission Scheme (SNDAS) Scholarship Description The English version shall always prevail in case of any discrepancy arises with the Chinese version. Apart from scholarships, financial aid may be available to students experiencing financial difficulties. For more details of scholarships and financial aid, please visit the Scholarship & Financial Aid Office website. Title Fees Description Tuition Fee (Non-local Students) * HKD 260,000(~USD33,000) per academic year in 2027/28 academic year For tuition fee for visiting students/interns, please see # Accommodation Fee (Non-local Students) ^ ** University-provided Accommodation (excl. meals, air-conditioning and laundry charges) ~HKD 21,000 - HKD 51,000 (~USD 2,700 - USD 6,500) per residential year Please click here for the estimated cost of living outside campus. Living Expenses Personal Expenses ~HKD 60,000 (~USD 7,700) per academic year Small Description Remarks: *Any changes in local / non-local status will lead to corresponding changes in the rate of tuition fee, accommodation fee, scholarships, etc.; please refer to the above for definitions of local and non-local students. Students with financial difficulties may apply for financial assistance. Various types of financial assistance and related services are available. For more details, please visit the Scholarship and Financial Aid Office website. #Visiting Students of Intake 2025/26: HKD6,200 per credit; Visiting Internship Students: HKD1,860 per credit #Visiting Students of Intake 2026/27: HKD7,200 per credit; Visiting Internship Students: HKD1,960 per credit ^Hall fees listed above are ONLY for new students admitted to HKUST in fall 2026 for the entire residential period. Please visit the Student Housing and Residential Life Office website for more details. **Non-local students are provided with university accommodation in their first year of study at HKUST. Students are advised to plan ahead to arrange off-campus accommodation thereafter, and should expect to pay HKD4,500 - 18,000 (~USD580 - USD2,300) per month to cover their accommodation costs. Please visit the Off-Campus Housing Section website for full details. Sub Module Reference Title Scholarships LPM 13 Tabs Title Merit-based Scholarships Title Application-based Scholarships Module Reference Description HKUST offers academic scholarships to students from various backgrounds and with various qualifications. Admissions scholarships are awarded to top students from all backgrounds based on academic merit, non-academic achievements, and other criteria. All applicants are considered for academic scholarships. No separate application is required for consideration for academic scholarships. Module Reference Link University Admissions Scholarship for Other Qualifications Link University Admissions Scholarship Scheme for HKDSE Holders Link Global Learners Scholarship Link Scholarship Scheme for International/Asian Olympiad Medalists Description At HKUST, we celebrate diversity and recognize the various talents our students bring to the university community. Separate applications are required for non-academic scholarships. The application deadlines are as follows: For Applicants with International Qualifications: Priority Round Deadline: Nov 25, 2026 (Late SAAS applications will be considered case by case till late Mar, 2027) Module Reference Link Future Leaders Award (NEW) Link Beyond Academic Admissions Scholarship (BAAS) Description The English version shall always prevail in case of any discrepancy arises with the Chinese version. Apart from scholarships, financial aid may be available to students experiencing financial difficulties. For more details of scholarships and financial aid, please visit the Scholarship & Financial Aid Office website. Sidebar Menu Apply Now TOP Connect with Us Subscribe to get updates of our events and exicting news! Last Name First Name Email School List level 1 Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile Chinese Mainland Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gabonese Republic Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau SAR Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Republic of Panama Republica de Angola Romania Russia Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, China Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Netherlands Antilles Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe School List Level 2 School List Level 3 High School Name High School Name Others Curriculum Curriculum HKDSE IB GCEAL/IAL SAT/AP Canadian Mainland Gaokao Taiwan GSAT Indonesia SMA India Standard XII Malaysia STPM/UEC Post-secondary Others Designation I'm a Student Parent Teacher/Counselor Others Year of University Admissions 2026 2027 2028 or after Disclaimer I have read the personal data privacy policy and understood information collected will be kept strictly confidential and will be used for the purpose of informing admissions-related information or events. CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Contact Us Privacy Copyright © The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. All rights reserved. Designed by MTPC. Follow us on Facebook Instagram Line WeChat Youtube Bilibili Little Red Book Hidden Webform Trigger