Skip to main content Application portal Search Search Social Menu Contact Us en de Study Study Undergraduate Undergraduate Explore Undergraduate Programs Major/Minor School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences Global Economics and Management Integrated Social and Cognitive Psychology International Business Administration International Relations: Politics and History Industrial Engineering and Management Management, Decisions and Data Analytics School of Computer Science & Engineering Artificial Intelligence Applied Computer Science Computer Science Computer Science - Cybersecurity Specialization Computer and Information Technology Electrical and Computer Engineering Robotics and Intelligent Systems Software, Data and Technology School of Science Biochemistry and Cell Biology Chemistry and Biotechnology Earth Sciences and Sustainable Management of Environmental Resources Mathematics, Modeling and Data Analytics Medicinal Chemistry and Chemical Biology Physics and Data Science Master's Master's Explore Master's Programs School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences Data Science for Society and Business Supply Chain Management School of Computer Science & Engineering School of Computer Science & Engineering Advanced Software Technology Computer Science and Software Engineering Data Engineering School of Science School of Science Advanced Materials Quantitative Life Science MBA Programs MBA Programs Overview MBA Program One-Year MBA Program PhD Pre-Degree Programs Pre-Degree Programs English Foundation Year Gateway Year International Foundation Year Pre-Bachelor Semester German Language Program Executive Education Executive Education Explore Executive Education Programs For School Students For School Students Constructor Talent School Constructor Talent School Explore Talent School Constructor Talent School Projects Constructor Talent School Projects Summer Camp 2027 Algorithm and Code Training School (ACTS) Online Courses Constructor Open Cup Constructor Challenge Opportunities for School Students from Germany Opportunities for School Students from Germany Online Courses for MINT Students Admission Admission Application Information Application Information For Undergraduates For Graduates Financing Information Financing Information For Undergraduates For Graduates Making Deposit, Tuition, and Fee Payments Assistance and Contact Assistance and Contact For Undergraduates For Graduates Chat with our Students Student Ambassador Program High School Counsellor Partnerships Scholarships Scholarships Overview Scholarship Checker Scholarship for Ukrainian Talents Fully-Funded Scholarship for the BSc Software, Data and Technology Scholarship for the MSc Advanced Software Technology Sparkasse Mathematics Scholarship 25-Year Anniversary Alumni-Faculty Scholarship External Financing Options Community Community Campus Life Campus Life Explore Campus Life Arrival Information University Campus Dining Services Living in Bremen Germany Accommodation Academic Calendar Campus Student Jobs Career Services Career Services Explore Career Services Career Opportunities Career Services for Companies Career Fair Constructor Alumni Constructor Alumni Explore Alumni Become an Active Member Discover Alumni Support for Students Alumni Gallery Homecoming 2026 Alumni Events Alumni Future Skills Academy Constructor Alumni Awards Constructor Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Constructor Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Explore Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Constructor Start Constructor Start Demo Day International International Incoming Students Outgoing Students Partnerships International Outreach Team Giving Student Affairs Student Affairs Student Services Student Services Overview Student Services and Welcome Center Registrar Services Academic Advising Services Counseling and Intercultural Services Student Financial Services Student Life and Support Student Life and Support Overview Student Health Program Student Engagement Student Welfare Support Student Governance Student Governance Undergraduate Student Government Graduate Student Association Community Impact Project (CIP) Research Research Research Research Overview Research Groups Research Facilities and Labs Academic Events Schools Schools School of Science School of Computer Science and Engineering School of Business, Social and Decision Sciences Academic Leadership Faculty Directory Industrial partnerships and transfer Industrial partnerships and transfer Constructor People Research Transfer Constructor Labs News News News Events Blog Faces Press About About Explore Constructor University Explore Constructor University Overview Constructor Story Accreditation History Governance Strategic Advisory Board Strategy and Policies Brand Kit Jobs Contact Contact Campus Map and Directions Contact and Support Quick links Campus All Programs Donate Language switcher en de Application portal Image Application Information First-Year Transfer FAQ Application Information Application Information for undergraduate programs Application Information for Undergraduates Here you can find out about deadlines, the application process and requirements to apply for your Bachelor's Program at Constructor University. First-year applicant You are considered a first-year applicant if you are currently in your senior (final) year of high school, you have completed (graduated) from high school (or equivalent), or you have attended another university and received university-level credit, but you have not completed two or more semesters of full-time studies. First-year applicant Transfer applicant You are considered a transfer applicant if you have previously been enrolled at a university and received university-level credit for two or more semesters. Transfer applicant Information for first-year applicants At Constructor University we offer rolling admission. The earlier you apply, the earlier you will receive your admission decision, typically within 2 to 4 weeks of application submission. Applicant FAQ Deadlines Early Action: October 1, 2026 - February 1, 2027 Rolling Admissions (Visa and No Visa): February 2, 2027 - July 15, 2027 Application process Join Constructor University in 4 easy steps. Complete your application. Receive your decision after 2-4 weeks. Enroll and pay your deposit. Settle in during O-Week and start your studies. How to apply Be prepared to submit next documents: Proof of Identity Transcripts/Report Cards CV Proof of English Language Proficiency Motivation Statement Standardized Testing Recommendation Letter Apply now Requirements 1. Proof of Identity We can accept a government-issued national ID as a proof of identity for EU/EFTA/EAA citizens, or a passport - for EU and non-EU citizens. 2. Transcripts / Report Cards Undergraduate applicants who are currently attending high school are required to submit transcripts or report cards covering the last 2-3 years of their high school education, including grades 9, 10, 11 , and, if available, grade 12 (semester 1) report card showing course registration and current grades. Applicants who have already completed high school need to provide their high school diploma, final grades, and, if applicable, results from the university entrance examination in their respective country. If you are applying as a transfer student, please also provide your most recent university transcript, completed transfer credit application form and course syllabus. This FAQ and the study program handbook should provide the information you need to complete the transfer credit application form. If any of the documents are not issued in English or German, they must be accompanied by a translated copy in English or German, completed by a sworn translator. 3. CV Please use the CV to provide a comprehensive overview of your qualifications, achievements, and skills. Make sure your CV includes extracurricular and voluntary activities. Please submit the CV as one PDF file. 4. Proof of English Language Proficiency All applicants must show an adequate command of the English language to enroll at Constructor University. An applicant's English language ability (non-native speakers) may be demonstrated through language proficiency test scores. You will qualify for an English proficiency waiver if you: are a native English speaker OR have been instructed exclusively in English for a minimum of 6 years OR have scored 600 or higher on the Evidence-Based Reading and Writing section OR have scored 9 or higher on the ACT Writing section English Language proficiency tests accepted by Constructor University and the minimum scores/grades: Exam Minimum Score TOEFL iBT (New scoring system) 4.5 TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) Internet based 90 MET (Michigan English Test) 58 British Council IELTS (Int'l. English Language Testing System) 6.5 GCSE (British General Certificate of Secondary Education) A or B Cambridge EFL Examinations - Certificate of Proficiency in English A,B,C and C1 pass Cambridge EFL Examinations - Certificate in Advanced English A,B and C Cambridge EFL Examinations - First Certificate in English (extended certification) A International Baccalaureate English A Literature & English A Language and Literature 6,7 SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing (New SAT) 600 ACT Writing 9 Duolingo English Test 110 Pearson PTE Academic 58 Please upload the proof of English proficiency as a PDF document. Please note that screenshots are not accepted. 5. Motivation Statement At Constructor University, we believe in getting to know our applicants on a more personal level through a comprehensive essay. The essay should delve into your interests and motivation for choosing our university program. You can showcase your passions, highlight their alignment with our academic offerings, and demonstrate how you will contribute to the vibrant campus community at Constructor University. 6. Standardized Testing Constructor University does not require SAT/ACT scores for admission evaluation. Applicants have the choice to submit their application without a standardized test. However, if admitted, enrollment may require standardized testing if the high school diploma does not grant direct admission to a German university. Applications without standardized test scores will be assessed based on the personal essay, academic achievements, extracurricular activities, and overall presentation throughout the application process. If conditional admission is granted, it is recommended to take the SAT/ACT before arrival, although on-campus testing options and complementary test preparation may be available for those who choose to take it later. Students who have sat for SAT/ACT should submit their test as a PDF. Screenshots are not accepted. 7. Recommendation Letter A recommendation letter is optional/upon request. This should ideally come from a school official, such as a teacher, career/guidance counselor, head of school or principal. If you are in a possession of a recommendation letter and you would like to submit it, please upload it as part of your application. If you are not in a possession of a recommendation letter, make sure to include the name of your counselor in the designated area on the application portal. Ready for your future? Apply now Information for transfer applicants Application deadlines At Constructor University we offer rolling admission. The earlier you apply, the earlier you will receive your admission decision, typically within 2 to 4 weeks upon submitted application. You need to apply by the following deadlines. Fall Semester 2027: October 1, 2026 - June 1, 2027 Transfer student application process Join Constructor University by following these 4 easy steps . 1 Apply to Constructor University and receive your decision in 2-4 weeks! As part of the transfer application, you will need to fill out this transfer credit application form and provide a course catalog from your previous university and syllabi from your previous courses. This FAQ and the study program handbook should provide the information you need to complete the transfer credit application form. 2 Enroll and pay your deposit. 3 After your admission to the university, Registrar Services and members of faculty will conduct a credit review. Approximately 4-6 weeks after admission, you will receive a credit transfer offer informing you of the number of European Credit Transfer System (ECTS) credit points (CP) you have been awarded and in what semester you will begin your studies at Constructor University. 4 Settle into Bremen and start your studies. Apply now Requirements 1. Official OR certified copies of High School / University transcripts Transfer applicants are required to submit their university/community college transcripts and transcripts of their last two years of high school including the high school diploma or school-leaving certificate. Transcripts can be submitted to the undergraduate admissions office via these two options: E-transcripts issued by official digital credential services (e.g. parchment). You send certified copies of your transcripts to us by post using the following mailing address: Constructor University Bremen Office of Undergraduate Admission Campus Ring 1 28759 Bremen Germany 2. Standardized testing (SAT/ACT) Constructor University does not require SAT/ACT for admission evaluation. Applicants can choose to complete their application without SAT/ACT. If admitted, standardized testing (SAT/ACT) may be required for enrollment, if your high school diploma does not grant you direct admission to a university in Germany. Students who graduate with the German Abitur do not need to submit standardized test scores to Constructor University. If you do not submit a standardized test, your application will be considered on the basis of the personal essay, letters of recommendation, academic achievements, extracurricular activities, and the way students presented themselves through the application process. If your admission is conditional on having to take the SAT/ACT, we recommend you take the test before arrival. However, you will also have the option to take it on campus (October and/or December) during the first semester. For those who enroll without SAT and ACT and are to take it on campus, we may also offer complementary test preparation. The following tests are accepted: Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT): this test consists of two sections: Mathematics and Evidence-Based Reading and Writing, plus an optional Essay. Constructor University does not require the optional writing section. Each section is scored on a 200 to 800 point scale, making a perfect score of 1600. Furthermore, SAT Subject Tests are usually not required for admission to Constructor University, but Constructor University will accept scores from the exams if you choose to additionally submit them. However, students who took IB Math Studies with no natural science subject at higher level as part of their IB subject selection are required to take SAT Subject Tests in Math 1/2 and one science (Biology E/M, Chemistry or Physics). American College Testing (ACT): this test consists of four sections: English, Reading, Math, and Science, as well as an optional writing test. Constructor University does not require the writing test offered by the ACT. Each section is scored on a 1 to 36 point scale. The composite ACT score is the average score of all the four sections of the test. Applicants can send proof of their standardized test scores via the official agencies. 3. Language proficiency test All applicants must have an adequate command of the English language to enroll at Constructor University. An applicant's English language ability (especially for non-native speakers) may be demonstrated through language proficiency test scores. The following policy generally applies to all applicants who: are native English speaker OR have been instructed exclusively in English for a minimum of 6 years OR have scored 600 or higher on the Evidence-Based Reading and Writing section have scored 9 or higher on the ACT Writing section may qualify for an English-language proficiency test waiver. Please contact the office of admissions via admission@constructor.university to check whether or not you qualify for such a waiver. Proof of the English proficiency test results can be sent via the official agencies. Exam Minimum Score TOEFL iBT (New scoring system) 4.5 TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) Internet based 90 MET (Michigan English Test) 58 British Council IELTS (Int'l. English Language Testing System) 6.5 GCSE (British General Certificate of Secondary Education) A or B Cambridge EFL Examinations - Certificate of Proficiency in English A,B,C and C1 pass Cambridge EFL Examinations - Certificate in Advanced English A,B and C Cambridge EFL Examinations - First Certificate in English (extended certification) A International Baccalaureate English A Literature & English A Language and Literature 6,7 SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing (New SAT) 600 ACT Writing 9 Duolingo English Test 110 4. Motivation statement At Constructor University, we want to get to know you better as an applicant. Next to a written essay we ask you to answer College-specific questions such as "What do you find interesting?" or "Why Constructor University?" etc. We have partnered with ZeeMee, a free service which lets you easily add personalized items including short videos, photos, and/or documents to your application. Through the ZeeMee platform, you can digitally showcase your interests, accomplishments, and challenges you have overcome both inside and outside the classroom. To begin, just create a profile on the free ZeeMee app for iOS or Android and paste your ZeeMee profile link into the designated field in the 'Questions' section of the Common App under the 'Activities' subsection. Please note that submitting a ZeeMee profile is completely optional, but a fun way to set yourself apart and share your story with us. 5. Recommendation letter (optional/upon request) A recommendation letter is optional/upon request. This should ideally come from a school or university official, such as a career/guidance counselor, head of school, principal, dean of students, department head or faculty advisor. NOTE: You will need to invite your recommender via ApplyYourself. The e-mail address of your recommender is required for this process. Once the recommendation provider information is saved, an e-mail will be sent to the online recommendation provider with instructions on how to proceed. The access code is valid for 180 days from the day you input and save their information. Your recommendation will automatically be matched to your application upon submission. 6. Course Syallbus Please submit the Course Catalog or Syllabus, which provides information about the academic course or class, including expectations and responsibilities. It serves as an overview, description, or summary of the curriculum. 7. Transfer Credit Application Kindly complete the Transfer Credit Application form. Please specify the modules from Constructor University for which you are requesting transfer credits. You can access the handbooks at this link: https://constructor.university/student-life/registrar-services/study-program-handbooks . Please find the link to the Transfer Credit Form: CU_Transfer_Credit_Application_01.docx . Apply now Do you have any questions or need consultation? Call us or write us - we are happy to help you with your inquiry. Phone: 0421 200 4200 Email: study@constructor.university Undergraduate FAQ Find your regional counselor First Name Last Name Email High school country - Select - Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Republic of the Congo) Congo (Democratic Republic of the Congo) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Korea (Democratic People's Republic, North Korea) North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Korea (Republic of Korea, South Korea) South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Sao Tome and Principe Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor - Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Tuvalu Türkiye Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I am interested in: - Select - Applied Computer Science (online) Artificial Intelligence Biochemistry and Cell Biology Chemistry and Biotechnology Computer and Information Technology Computer Science Earth Sciences and Sustainable Management of Environmental Resources Electrical and Computer Engineering Global Economics and Management Industrial Engineering & Management Integrated Social and Cognitive Psychology International Business Administration International Relations: Politics and History Management, Decisions and Data Analytics Mathematics, Modeling and Data Analytics Medicinal Chemistry and Chemical Biology Physics and Data Science Robotics and Intelligent Systems Software, Data and Technology Starting Date - Select - Fall 2026 Fall 2027 Fall 2028 Message (optional) I consent to receive updates on scholarships, events, study programs, and marketing communications from Constructor University. I acknowledge by submitting this form my data is available to this institution. Privacy Policy CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Are you ready to take the next step forward towards your successful future? Contact us About CUN Image Constructor University Bremen gGmbH Campus Ring 1 28759 Bremen, Germany +49 421 200 40 info@constructor.university study@constructor.university 中文官网 - Official Chinese Site Service Imprint Privacy Policy Social Media Privacy Policy Photo consent Compliance Students Academic calendar Registrar services Student services University policies Quick links Contacts IRC/Library CampusNet Teamwork Open positions Faculty Directory Social media Youtube Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn TikTok @ 2026 Constructor University Bremen gGmbH Imprint Privacy Policy Cookies To top