Skip to main content Application portal Search Search Social Menu Contact Us en de Study Study Undergraduate Undergraduate Explore Undergraduate Programs Major/Minor School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences Global Economics and Management Integrated Social and Cognitive Psychology International Business Administration International Relations: Politics and History Industrial Engineering and Management Management, Decisions and Data Analytics School of Computer Science & Engineering Artificial Intelligence Applied Computer Science Computer Science Computer Science - Cybersecurity Specialization Computer and Information Technology Electrical and Computer Engineering Robotics and Intelligent Systems Software, Data and Technology School of Science Biochemistry and Cell Biology Chemistry and Biotechnology Earth Sciences and Sustainable Management of Environmental Resources Mathematics, Modeling and Data Analytics Medicinal Chemistry and Chemical Biology Physics and Data Science Master's Master's Explore Master's Programs School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences Data Science for Society and Business Supply Chain Management School of Computer Science & Engineering School of Computer Science & Engineering Advanced Software Technology Computer Science and Software Engineering Data Engineering School of Science School of Science Advanced Materials Quantitative Life Science MBA Programs MBA Programs Overview MBA Program One-Year MBA Program PhD Pre-Degree Programs Pre-Degree Programs English Foundation Year Gateway Year International Foundation Year Pre-Bachelor Semester German Language Program Executive Education Executive Education Explore Executive Education Programs For School Students For School Students Constructor Talent School Constructor Talent School Explore Talent School Constructor Talent School Projects Constructor Talent School Projects Summer Camp 2027 Algorithm and Code Training School (ACTS) Online Courses Constructor Open Cup Constructor Challenge Opportunities for School Students from Germany Opportunities for School Students from Germany Online Courses for MINT Students Admission Admission Application Information Application Information For Undergraduates For Graduates Financing Information Financing Information For Undergraduates For Graduates Making Deposit, Tuition, and Fee Payments Assistance and Contact Assistance and Contact For Undergraduates For Graduates Chat with our Students Student Ambassador Program High School Counsellor Partnerships Scholarships Scholarships Overview Scholarship Checker Scholarship for Ukrainian Talents Fully-Funded Scholarship for the BSc Software, Data and Technology Scholarship for the MSc Advanced Software Technology Sparkasse Mathematics Scholarship 25-Year Anniversary Alumni-Faculty Scholarship External Financing Options Community Community Campus Life Campus Life Explore Campus Life Arrival Information University Campus Dining Services Living in Bremen Germany Accommodation Academic Calendar Campus Student Jobs Career Services Career Services Explore Career Services Career Opportunities Career Services for Companies Career Fair Constructor Alumni Constructor Alumni Explore Alumni Become an Active Member Discover Alumni Support for Students Alumni Gallery Homecoming 2026 Alumni Events Alumni Future Skills Academy Constructor Alumni Awards Constructor Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Constructor Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Explore Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Constructor Start Constructor Start Demo Day International International Incoming Students Outgoing Students Partnerships International Outreach Team Giving Student Affairs Student Affairs Student Services Student Services Overview Student Services and Welcome Center Registrar Services Academic Advising Services Counseling and Intercultural Services Student Financial Services Student Life and Support Student Life and Support Overview Student Health Program Student Engagement Student Welfare Support Student Governance Student Governance Undergraduate Student Government Graduate Student Association Community Impact Project (CIP) Research Research Research Research Overview Research Groups Research Facilities and Labs Academic Events Schools Schools School of Science School of Computer Science and Engineering School of Business, Social and Decision Sciences Academic Leadership Faculty Directory Industrial partnerships and transfer Industrial partnerships and transfer Constructor People Research Transfer Constructor Labs News News News Events Blog Faces Press About About Explore Constructor University Explore Constructor University Overview Constructor Story Accreditation History Governance Strategic Advisory Board Strategy and Policies Brand Kit Jobs Contact Contact Campus Map and Directions Contact and Support Quick links Campus All Programs Donate Language switcher en de Application portal Image Fully-Funded Scholarship from JetBrains Foundation JetBrains Foundation Guidelines Schedule Fully-Funded Scholarship from JetBrains Foundation Fully-Funded Scholarship from JetBrains Foundation For the Program: BSc Software, Data and Technology (SDT) Expand your horizons: apply for the fully-funded Scholarship from JetBrains Foundation Are you a first-year applicant eager to take your education and career in the data and digital field to new heights? The scholarship from JetBrains Foundation is here to help you unlock your potential. To be considered for this scholarship, there are two main requirements: Stage 1: Scholarship Competition Apply to the BSc in SDT program as a first-year applicant and register for one of the scholarship competitions. If you win, you will be invited to the next stage of the scholarship selection. You may participate in multiple activities to increase your chances of success. Stage 2: Interview Winners of the scholarship competition will be invited to an interview. The interview will include technical questions in informatics and mathematics, an assessment of your motivation, and a review of your academic achievements (such as participation in competitions, Olympiads, online courses, and additional classes). Detailed schedule and guidelines for those who intend to be considered for the scholarship can be found below . Don't forget to mention and upload your certificates for extracurricular activities in the STEM field, Olympiads, and relevant competitions, along with your motivation statement in your application. More information about the scholarship, how to prepare, and what to expect at the JetBrains Foundation Scholarship website . What does the fully-funded scholarship from JetBrains Foundation cover? Tuition fees. Room & board. University fee and semester ticket. Pocket money for the first year of studies. Please note that the detailed information is subject to updates and changes. JetBrains Foundation Scholarship guideline *The regular admission decision will offer you regular financing options - academic achievement scholarship and tuition deferral program. JetBrains Foundation Scholarship schedule Please note that only applications submitted before March 10, 2026, at 23:59 (CET) , will be eligible for consideration for the scholarship. How to register Date of the event An invitation to the interview with JetBrains Foundation by The scholarship results on Algorithm and Code Training School (ACTS) Register here . Registration deadline: October 28, 2025. Selection: November 2, 2025. January 24 - February 3, 2026. March 2026. End of May 2026. Constructor Open Cup 2026 Register here . Registration deadline: February 12, 2026, 13:00 UTC February 12, 2026, 14:00-18:00 UTC March 2026. End of May 2026. JetBrains Blackbox Cup Register here . Registration deadline: March 13, 2026. March 15, 2026, 09:00-14:00 UTC April 2026. End of May 2026. If you pass the interview, you will receive a confirmation email with the updated scholarship offer taking into account your scholarship. If you are not selected for the scholarship, you are still welcome to join the BSc SDT program and have access to our regular financing options - academic achievement scholarship and tuition deferral program. More about BSc SDT Are you ready to take the next step forward towards your successful future? Contact us About CUN Image Constructor University Bremen gGmbH Campus Ring 1 28759 Bremen, Germany +49 421 200 40 info@constructor.university study@constructor.university 中文官网 - Official Chinese Site Service Imprint Privacy Policy Social Media Privacy Policy Photo consent Compliance Students Academic calendar Registrar services Student services University policies Quick links Contacts IRC/Library CampusNet Teamwork Open positions Faculty Directory Social media Youtube Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn TikTok @ 2026 Constructor University Bremen gGmbH Imprint Privacy Policy Cookies To top