The requested page cannot be viewed in Internet Explorer :( We recommend to use Chrome , Edge or Safari browsers Home About Partners Study Finder Apply Scholarship Holders News Contact Us Privacy Policy FAQ Apply for Scholarship This page will guide you through the application process in a user-friendly way. You can find all the essential information for the application here. See the call for applications for further information. Click on the CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - BA/BSC, MA/MSC or CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - DOCTORAL buttons. If you are already familiar with the site, click on the APPLY HERE button, which will take you directly to the online registration interface. If you are not familiar with the site, we recommend that you read the content of the page first. CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - BA/BSC, MA/MSC You can find here the new call for applications and related information for bachelor's, master's, one-tier master's and non-degree programmes 2026/2027. CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - DOCTORAL You can find here the new call for applications and related information for doctoral programmes 2026/2027. APPLY HERE Click here to open the online application interface. CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - BA/BSC, MA/MSC You can find here the new call for applications and related information for bachelor's, master's, one-tier master's and non-degree programmes 2026/2027. You can find here the annexes of the Call for Applications for bachelor's, master's, one-tier master's and non-degree programmes CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - BA/BSC, MA/MSC Annexes Full degree programmes Partial studies Lists of sending partners and eligible study programmes Statement for Application Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Privacy Notice Privacy Notice for data management in connection with the Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Application documents Documents for all applicants You can find all the information and documents for the application. Only for Art applicants CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - DOCTORAL You can find here the new call for applications and related information for doctoral programmes 2026/2027. You can find here the Call for Applications for doctoral programmes CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - DOCTORAL Annexes Full degree programmes Partial studies Lists of sending partners and eligible study programmes Statement for Application Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Privacy Notice Privacy Notice for data management in connection with the Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Application documents Documents for all applicants You can find all the information and documents for the application. Only for Art applicants APPLY HERE Click here to open the online application interface. You can find here the annexes of the Call for Applications for bachelor's, master's, one-tier master's and non-degree programmes CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - BA/BSC, MA/MSC Annexes Full degree programmes Partial studies Lists of sending partners and eligible study programmes Statement for Application Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Privacy Notice Privacy Notice for data management in connection with the Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Application documents Documents for all applicants You can find all the information and documents for the application. Only for Art applicants You can find here the Call for Applications for doctoral programmes CALL FOR APPLICATIONS - DOCTORAL Annexes Full degree programmes Partial studies Lists of sending partners and eligible study programmes Statement for Application Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Privacy Notice Privacy Notice for data management in connection with the Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme Application documents Documents for all applicants You can find all the information and documents for the application. Only for Art applicants How to apply for Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship - 1 - November - December 2025 FIND YOUR CHOSEN PROGRAMME Available study fields differ from partner country to partner country. You can either check the study field provided for your country at the SH website or you can start an application in the DreamApply system and select the relevant study programme. You can check the list of sending partners and eligible study fields here . - 2 - December 2025 CONTACT YOUR SENDING PARTNER Applications shall also be submitted to the responsible authority of the sending partner. Each sending partner might have different deadlines and requirements for submitting the application material. Contact your sending partner (which can be the local Hungarian Embassy, the related ministry, council etc.) to inquire about their exact procedures. - 3 - December 2025 REGISTER AND UPLOAD YOUR DOCUMENTS Applications are processed in an online application system ( apply.stipendiumhungaricum.hu ). You can browse 30 universities and colleges (more than 900 study programmes), but only 2 choices are allowed. Make sure that your chosen programmes are relevant to the field of your studies. If you apply for doctoral studies, please remember that you may need to find a supervisor (depending on the requirements of the chosen Doctoral School). Required documents may vary according to your level of study and nationality. You can find these requirements below the "Application Documents" Section (Point 3.2.) of the Call for Applications. - 4 - 15th January 2026, 2 pm (CET) APPLICATION DEADLINE Your application must be submitted by the deadline. Please make sure that all required documents are attached and all the required fields are filled out properly before submitting your application. Please read the Call for Applications 2026/2027 for the details! - 5 - February 2026 SENDING PARTNER'S NOMINATION LIST Sending partners will nominate the best applicants by the end of February, and nominated applications will subsequently be forwarded to the chosen Hungarian higher education institutions. - 6 - until 15th March 2026 STATEMENT OF THE SUPERVISOR (if required by the proposed Doctoral School) Applicants for doctoral programmes need to submit a statement of supervisor (if required by the proposed Doctoral School). - 7 - March-April-May 2026 ENTRANCE EXAMS AT HUNGARIAN UNIVERSITIES The universities will get in touch with the nominated applicants directly to set a date and conduct the entrance exams from the middle of March until the end of May. Your exam scores must be a minimum of 56 out of 100 points for your application to be considered for the final list of scholarship awardees. - 8 - June 2026 After evaluating the applications and the results of the exams, Tempus Public Foundation (as the coordinator of the scholarship) will inform the applicants of the official results of the applications by the end of June/beginning of July. Previous Next Application Timeline Useful Documents Dos and don'ts Click here to find out how to prepare your application and the supporting documents for submission so they meet all the requirements. Click here to download Checklist of the application documents Click here to see the application guide, documents required for application and the submission deadline to each type of scholarship. Click here to download Medical certificate Click here to download the mandatory medical certificate form. Click here to download Application guide Click here to find out about the technical aspects of the online application system such as fields, sections and tabs to be filled in before completing your application. Click here to download Apply Apply All applications shall be submitted through the online application system of Tempus Public Foundation. After registration, the applicants are able to access the application system and upload the required documents. Click here to visit the online registration interface. Apply here Rights and Obligations, Scholarship Agreement We advise that you check back regularly for any updates in the Rights and Obligations document, as the changes might affect your scholarship holder status. Please pay special attention to the fact that from the 2019-2020 academic year the credit minimum requirement (Section III.3.6. of Stipendium Hungaricum Programme Operational Regulations: "The institute may terminate the status of the scholarship holder by a unilateral declaration after consulting. Tempus Public Foundation […] if the student does not obtain at least 18 credits on the average of the last two semesters where the student status was not interrupted.) applies to all Stipendium Hungaricum scholarship holders. Please also take into consideration that the Hungarian as a foreign language and culture course (offered free of charge by the Host Institution) is compulsory for all Stipendium Hungaricum scholarship holders who begin their studies in or after the fall semester of 2020. Both rules apply to bachelor, master and one-tier master students only. Operational Regulations English version Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 31 August, 2026 Hungarian version Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2026.08.31. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2026.09.01. Scholarship Agreement English and Hungarian version Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Agreement (Stipendium Hungaricum ösztöndíjszerződés) Annexes The annexes are part of the scholarship agreement. By signing the agreement, you also agree to the content of the annexes. General Terms and Conditions Data sheet of the Scholarship holder Privacy Notice Dissertation Scholarship Dissertation Scholarship - Call for application Major changes in the Stipendium Hungaricum Dissertation Scholarship from 2025.03.20! Check out the call for application below! Dissertation Scholarship Call for applcation 2026 Spring Annex 1. Letter of justification Annex 2. Motivation letter Annex 3. Workplan Annex 4. Class plan Dissertation Scholarship Agreement - English and Hungarian version Dissertation Scholarship Agreement Dissertation Scholarship Agreement - Annexes Dissertation Scholarship General Conditions Previous versions of Operational Regulations English - previous versions Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 11 February, 2026 Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 24 March 2025 Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 27 March 2024 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 25 July 2023 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 27 October 2022 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 23 September 2022 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 5 July 2022 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 30 March 2022 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 9 November 2021 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 30 July 2021 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 10 December 2020 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 29 April 2020 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 27 February 2020 (provisional translation) Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 24 December 2019 Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 18 April 2019 Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 21 December 2018 Stipendium Hungaricum Programme - Operational Regulations, 18 January 2017 French - previous version Règlement intérieur du programme Stipendium Hungaricum, 18 janvier 2017 Hungarian - previous versions Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2026.02.11. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2025.03.24. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2026.02.11. - technikai módosítás Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2025.04.25. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2025.03.24. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2024.03.27. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2024.09.25. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2024.03.27. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2023.07.25. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2023.07.25. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2022.10.27. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2022.10.27. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2022.07.05. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2022.09.23. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2022.07.05. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2022.03.30. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2022.04.28. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2021. november 9. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2021. november 9. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2021. július 30. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2021. március 01. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2021. július 30. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2020. december 10. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2020. december 10. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2020. április 29. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2020. június 22. Stipendium Hungaricum Program intézményi megvalósítását segítő végrehajtási útmutató, 2020. április 22. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2020. február 27. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2019. december 24. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2019. április 18. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2018. december 21. Stipendium Hungaricum Program működési szabályzata, 2017. január 18. Previous versions of Scholarship Agreement English and Hungarian - previous version Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Agreement (Stipendium Hungaricum ösztöndíjszerződés) French and Hungarian - previous version Contrat de Bourse Stipendium Hungaricum (Stipendium Hungaricum ösztöndíjszerződés) Frequently Asked Questions Application procedure Do Stipendium Hungaricum applicants have to pay for their application? No, the online application (registration) and the participation in the admission examinations is free of charge. Do not apply through any agencies unknown by the selected Host Institutions and do not pay for their services regarding the application because the programme is implemented by direct cooperation with the responsible authorities of the Sending Partners, not agencies. Save the answer Where can applicants get help for the online application system? Here you can find our written Application Guide for the Stipendium Hungaricum Programme And here you can access our video guide. Please do not forget that you need to submit your Stipendium Hungaricum application on this online platform, starting with a registration: https://apply.stipendiumhungaricum.hu . If you get stuck at any point of the process, contact our office via email or telephone. Save the answer Do applicants need to register anywhere else than the Stipendium Hungaricum Programme's application system? It depends on the requirements of the responsible authority of the Sending Partner. Each Sending Partner might have different deadlines and requirements for submitting the application materials. There are also Partners that do not require any materials from the applicants. Please find out about these details by contacting the responsible partner office in your country/region. Save the answer Which study programmes can an applicant apply for? Only for those programmes that are supported by the cooperation agreement between Hungary and your country/region. You will find all the information about the available study types and study fields here after selecting your Sending country. For the exact list of available study programmes, please check the Call for Applications' Annexes. Save the answer Can the applicants apply straight to the universities for Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship? No, they can't. You must upload your documents in the Stipendium Hungaricum online application system, and those materials will be forwarded later to the universities by our office. Please, only contact the universities if you wish to know more details about the academic content of a certain course or about the admission requirements and you cannot find that information in the Study Finder . Save the answer Do applicants need admission from the university? No - by the application deadline they do not. Admission examinations will take place later, between March-May. Save the answer Do applicants have to be nominated by their country? Yes, only the nominated applicants can proceed with their applications. Save the answer Do applicants get an e-mail when they submit the application? Yes, they receive an email when they first submit their application. If they decide to make some modifications before the application deadline, they will not receive notifications about the resubmissions. They can check it in the online system if the status of their application has changed to „Resubmitted". Save the answer Is it possible to submit an application for the scholarship programme more than once during the year? No, there is only one application deadline each year. Save the answer What happens if you miss the application deadline? In this case, you can only apply one year later. Applications are not accepted after the deadline. Save the answer Can I make modifications in my online application after the application deadline? Can I edit my priorities, for example? No, it is not possible to edit your priorities in your online application. You cannot add or remove courses and you cannot edit the order of the priorities. But, you can upload your missing documents that you did not have before the application deadline. Save the answer I am already studying at a Hungarian university as a self funded student. Can I apply for the Stipendium Hungaricum programme? Yes, in principle, but those applicants who are registered self-financed / fee-paying students of a Hungarian higher education institution at the time of the application deadline AND who are now applying for the same study level are only eligible to apply for the Stipendium Hungaricum programme if they are recommended by their Hungarian host universities where they are studying at the time of application, AND if their cumulative, corrected sum average ("összesített korrigált kreditindex") is higher than the students' average performance at the particular study programme ("szakátlag"). Save the answer Can applicants bring their family? Applicants and scholarship holders should always contact the competent authority on this matter. The competent authority is the National Directorate-General for Aliens Policing at http://www.bmbah.hu/index.php?option=com_k2&view=item&id=1244:student-mobility-residence-permit-and-student-mobility-certificate&Itemid=1807&lang=en Save the answer Why some countries are not eligible to apply? Because there is no valid educational cooperation programme between those countries and Hungary at the moment. Save the answer Required documents Do applicants need valid passport for the application? You can start and submit your application without a passport. Instead of the passport copy, you can upload the scanned copy of your national ID card and upload a signed declaration in which you state that you will obtain and upload your valid passport before 1 August. Later though, if you are awarded with the scholarship, you will definitely need a valid passport in order to be able to enter Hungary. Save the answer What does the medical certificate have to contain? Based on Act CCIV of 2011 on National Higher Education related to medical examinations of students from abroad, all awardees are required to obtain a medical certificate of satisfactory health condition, which they must present during the compulsory medical examination in Hungary along with the attachments. Please find the mandatory template of the medical certificate which needs to be issued and signed by a physician on the link below: https://stipendiumhungaricum.hu/wp-content/uploads/2025/10/Medical_certificate.pdf Save the answer Can applicants submit their language and school certificates later than the deadline? Yes, in certain cases. For more information, please study section 3.3 „Missing documents" of the Call for Applications or the Application guide here . Save the answer Already a scholarship holder How do I sign my scholarship contract? Signing the contract with the institution must be arranged between the scholarship holder and the university. Contact your institutional SH coordinator regarding the agreement and its content. Save the answer Do I have to stay in Hungary in case my university provides online education? You do. If you are absent for more than 30 days, you will not be entitled to your living and housing allowance until your return, as these allowances are intended to contribute to your costs of living in Hungary. For details related to abroad stays, please check out section III.3.5 of the Operational Regulations (Scroll down to the Rights and Obligations section). Save the answer Do I have to reside in Hungary? The scholarship holder must habitually reside in Hungary during the study period and must inform the higher education institute in case of leaving for a consecutive period of more than 10 working days during the study period. In case the intended stay abroad for private purposes exceeds 10 working days but does not reach 30 days within a semester, it is the host institution's responsibility to authorise the absence. In case of failing to meet the requirement of giving information about the stay abroad prior to the travel, the higher education institute has competency to inform Tempus Public Foundation of the fact, and the unauthorised abroad stay may result in the termination of the student's scholarship status. For details related to abroad stays, please check out section III.3.5 of the Operational Regulations (Scroll down to the Rights and Obligations section). Save the answer Can I work while I study in Hungary? In accordance with the effective legal regulations, pursuant to Section 54 (8) of Act XC of 2023 on the General Rules for the Entry and Residence of Third-Country Nationals, third-country nationals holding a residence permit for the purpose of studies or student mobility, or a student mobility certificate, may engage in work for not more than 30 hours a week during the teaching period, and may work full time for a maximum of ninety days a year outside the teaching period. Save the answer Can I apply for other grants? Regarding the fact that the SH scholarship covers studies in Hungary, the scholarship holder is not entitled to use financial support for taking part in other scholarship programmes or partial studies outside Hungary. However, for a short stay (not longer than 30 working days), you are allowed to participate at a conference related to research or studies funded by institutional sources or other scholarship programs (e.g. Erasmus +, CEEPUS), and a stay that does not affect the requirement of the habitual residency principle. Save the answer How do I get my scholarship allowances? The monthly stipend and accommodation contribution must be arranged between the scholarship holder and the university. Contact your institutional SH coordinator . Save the answer What are the minimun credit requirements? The scholarship holder is, unless otherwise provided by the institutional regulation, required to fulfill the study, examination obligation and curriculum development by earning at least eighteen credits (i.e., earns a total of 36 credits) on the average of the last two semesters in which the student status is not suspended (minimum credit requirement). Save the answer Can the host institution, the study programme and/or the language of studies be changed? The host institution, the study programme and/or the language of studies can be changed only once per each study level after submitting a special student request. The deadline for submitting the requests to Tempus Public Foundation is 1 December (for Spring Semester) and 15 May (for Fall Semester) in every school year. Institutions, study programmes and languages can be changed only at the end of the semester , so that the scholarship holder could start the next semester in the new institution, on the new study programme, in the new language. Institutions, study programmes and languages can be changed only within one year after beginning the studies . Please note that you may need to request an extension on your scholarship status due to the change of study programme, however an extension is not guaranteed. If the extension request is granted, scholarship holders will not receive a scholarship or housing allowance. (This rule does not apply to students who started their studies before the 2020/21 academic year.) Documents to be submitted for changing institutions, study programmes and/or languages: a request signed by the student, a letter of acceptance by the future host institution, a statement by the present host institution. The student must submit the request for changing institutions, study programmes and/or languages with the compulsory annexes to the Directorate for Study in Hungary electronically. The Tempus Public Foundation forwards the list of scholarship holders whose changing request has been approved to the Sending Partners for consultation. P lease find all the necessary information related to the change of institution, study programme and/or study language in the following document. Download here! Save the answer As a scholarship holder, can I request an extension of my study period? If you are doing a full-time bachelor, master or one-tier master programme → YES partial/semester studies → NO a doctoral programme → NO a preparatory course → NO a specialisation course after bachelor or master studies → NO In the case of doctoral studies, the legal framework does not provide the possibility to extend the time of studies, which is reflected in the Stipendium Hungaricum Programme Operational Regulations (III.4.) as well. The scholarship holders may extend their scholarship period by a total of two semesters, the request must be submitted to their host institution. The institution sends the list of those who receive approval to the Tempus Public Foundation. The Tempus Public Foundation forwards the list of scholarship holders whose extension request has been approved by their host institution to the Sending Partners for consultation. During the extension, scholarship holders may not receive a scholarship or housing allowance. It shall first be applied to students starting their studies in the 2020/21 academic year in an ascending order. Please find all the necessary information related to the extension of the scholarship period in the following document. Download here! Save the answer Is it possible to postpone the beginning of my studies? Postponement request It is possible to postpone exclusively because of health issues or unexpected reasons through no fault of the requestee. If there is such a vis major case, some kind of proof (i.e. a medical certificate) must be submitted to the Directorate for Study in Hungary of Tempus Public Foundation, together with a written and signed request. The host higher education institution and the Sending Partner must also approve of the postponement. Those students who have already arrived in Hungary and enrolled in a higher education institution are not entitled to request any postponement. (Further information in section II.7 of the Operational Regulations .) Save the answer Is it compulsory to study Hungarian during my studies in Hungary? Yes, starting from the 2020/21 academic year, every student studying at a full-time bachelor and master programme (including also one-tier master's degree) will be required to study Hungarian as a foreign language for two semesters. Those who do not attend the course and do not pass the exam will lose all or part of their monthly stipend. Save the answer Learning Hungarian language Can I study in Hungarian as a scholarship holder? Yes, you can. You have two options to do so: If you do not speak any Hungarian yet, you can apply for a preparatory course first. After one year of intensive Hungarian learning, you are expected to continue your studies in a bachelor, master or doctoral programme in Hungarian. If you have at least an intermediate (B2) level of Hungarian language knowledge, you can also apply for a study programme in Hungarian on all the available study levels that are listed here . Save the answer I am applying for a PhD degree programme, do I have to study Hungarian as a foreign language? No, only full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students will be required to complete two semesters. Save the answer Do I have to look for an institution where I can learn Hungarian as a foreign language? No, language classes are provided by the Host Institution. Save the answer Do I have to pay for the Hungarian language course? No, the compulsory Hungarian as a foreign language classes will be free. Save the answer I am planning to study as a part-time student, do I have to study Hungarian as a foreign language? No, only full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students will be required to complete two semesters. Save the answer Contact Privacy Notice Impressum FAQ © 2020 Stipendium Hungaricum