About BAU Bahçeşehir University BAU in Numbers International Office Team What is BISC? Video Gallery News & Updates Admission How To Apply Join Online Open Day! Undergraduate Applicants Master's Applicants PhD Applicants Country Requirements Transfer Students Language Proficiency Tuition Fees Programs Guides Visa and Residence Permit Registration Guide Everything You Need to Know Brochures & Guides FAQ Apply Now Undergraduate Applicants Bahçeşehir University (BAU) offers a wide range of Associate and Bachelor's degree programs to suit your areas of interest. How to Apply 📃 The first step is to create an application through the application portal. After you have completed all the required information that we need, your application will be evaluated based on the country and program requirements. Please click here to see detailed information on How to Apply . Apply Now Country/Curriculum Requirements 🌍 Your application will be evaluated based on the minimum country or curriculum requirements initially. Please be aware that meeting the minimum requirements does not guarantee approval of your application. The Admission Committee will also assess your application based on various criteria, including the main curriculum followed in your high school, the success rate in related courses, the program you are applying for, and more. Click here to view the minimum country/curriculum requirements . Required Documents ✔ Passport High School Transcripts High School Diploma (if out) Letter of Motivation (for Medicine applicants) Supportive Documents (if any) e.g. SAT, TOEFL IBT, National Examination Result, Certificates, Reference Letters Applicants who are applying for Cartoon and Animation, Textile and Fashion Design or Conservatory programs must upload their portfolio as well. Note: If you haven't obtained your diploma, or examination results yet, you may make your application with your latest transcripts and a document such as first-term results of the last year, predicted grades, etc. Language Proficiency 🔊 Language proficiency certificate is not required for the application step. Depending on the language of the program you are enrolling in, you will be required to provide language proficiency after completing your enrollment in Istanbul. BAU accepts certain international language proficiency examinations as well as its own language proficiency exams for freshman students. To be exempt from language exams you can provide a valid proficiency exam score which is written on this page . Visa and Residence Permit 📝 After receiving your Official Acceptance Letter following the deposit payment, you can apply for a student visa at the nearest embassy/consulate to be present in Istanbul during the registration period mentioned in your letter. Bahçeşehir University (BAU) will assist you with your student residence permit right after your registration is completed. Please visit the visa and residence permit page to review Türkiye's visa policy and detailed information that you must know before your arrival to Istanbul. Registration Period and Documents 📄 Upon your arrival in Istanbul, you will be expected to finalize your registration process by submitting your original documents and their translations if needed. Please pay attention to the registration timeline stated on your Official Acceptance Letter and carefully review the enrollment guide sent with it. You can find detailed information on the registration guide page . Bahcesehir University (BAU) | A World University at the Heart of Istanbul! A world university in the heart of Istanbul! Contact Us E-mail: intoffice@int.bau.edu.tr Whatsapp: +90 531 266 36 79 Copyrights ©2026 BAU . All rights reserved. Agency Login Track Application Contact Us Privacy Policy Applications Extended: You Still Have Time to Join BAU!