About BAU Bahçeşehir University BAU in Numbers International Office Team What is BISC? Video Gallery News & Updates Admission How To Apply Join Online Open Day! Undergraduate Applicants Master's Applicants PhD Applicants Country Requirements Transfer Students Language Proficiency Tuition Fees Programs Guides Visa and Residence Permit Registration Guide Everything You Need to Know Brochures & Guides FAQ Apply Now How To Apply Home How To Apply Online Application Form All applicants must fill out the Online Application Form Choose the academic term and the education degree you would like to apply for. Verify your e-mail address with the validation code that will be sent to your e-mail address. Enter your passport number. Remember each applicant can only make a single application for each intake. Sort your desired programs by priority since the application can only be approved for one program. Fill out the personal information, contact details and educational information on the application form carefully. Upload the necessary documents based on the program/degree you are applying for. Note: Fall and Spring intakes are available for graduate programs while only Fall intake is available for undergraduate programs. Apply Now Follow Up Once you complete the online application form, your application will be evaluated maximum in a week. The admission team might expect you to upload a missing document or respond to an e-mail as a part of your evaluation process. That is why you should always check your inbox or track your application through the portal to see the status of your application. Please note that there is a limited number of seats available for each program. It is crucial to respond quickly if your application requires attention. If you haven't received any feedback regarding your application, please make sure to contact us. Our team will guide you as quickly as possible. Contact e-mail: intoffice@int.bau.edu.tr Track Application Acceptance & Deposit Payment If the application is approved, you will receive a Conditional Acceptance Letter in your inbox. An advance tuition deposit amount should be paid by the mentioned deadline in order to receive an Official Acceptance Letter. This non-refundable deposit will be considered a guarantee of the applicant's intent to enroll at BAU and deducted from the tuition fee at registration in İstanbul. The deposit payment can be made online, through bank transactions or credit card on the campus. The Conditional Acceptance Letter e-mail will include the online payment link. You may reach the link on the Track Application page as well. The bank details will be mentioned on your Conditional Acceptance Letter's second page. Once we receive the deposit payment, an Official Acceptance Letter will be sent to you along with the Enrollment Guide and important dates. A world university in the heart of Istanbul! Contact Us E-mail: intoffice@int.bau.edu.tr Whatsapp: +90 531 266 36 79 Copyrights ©2026 BAU . All rights reserved. Agency Login Track Application Contact Us Privacy Policy Applications Extended: You Still Have Time to Join BAU!