Your cookie preferences We use necessary cookies to operate the website. With your permission, we also use analytics and advertising cookies. Cookie Policy Accept all Reject all Preferences Manage cookie preferences × You can change these choices at any time using the Cookie Preferences link in the footer. Necessary cookies Required for security, forms, sessions, language, and your cookie choice. Necessary cookies are always active Analytics cookies Help us understand visits and improve the website. Allow analytics cookies Advertising cookies Used to measure campaigns and personalise advertising; this category also enables embedded YouTube content. Allow advertising cookies Save preferences BAU AI BAU Pathways BAUHUB BAU Global COOP Communication & Transportation INTERNATIONAL STUDENT Main menu About BAU About the University Bahcesehir University Message From The Chair Of The Board Of Trustees President's Message History Bahçeşehir in Numbers Vision & Mission Clinical Research Ethics Board Principles and Policies Quality Assurance System Management Board of Trustees University Management Management Board Senate Rectorate General Secretariat Advisory Board BAU Campuses Beşiktaş South Campus Beşiktaş North Campus Galata Campus Göztepe Campus Pera Campus Media Photo Gallery Video Gallery Press Room Boards and Commissions Academic Life Schools School of Foreign Languages Vocational School of Health Services School of Applied Disciplines Conservatory Faculties Faculty of Dentistry Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Educational Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Communication Faculty of Economics, Adminstrative and Social Sciences Faculty of Architecture and Design Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Medicine Master and PhD Graduate School Research Center Research and Applications Centers Academic Coordinators Research International Offices International Organization International Academic Relations International Organization International Students International Students Erasmus & Exchange Students Erasmus & Exchange Students Student INTERNATIONAL STUDENT UMIS LOGIN About BAU About the University Bahcesehir University Message From The Chair Of The Board Of Trustees President's Message History Bahçeşehir in Numbers Vision & Mission Clinical Research Ethics Board Principles and Policies Quality Assurance System Management Board of Trustees University Management Management Board Senate Rectorate General Secretariat Advisory Board BAU Campuses Beşiktaş South Campus Beşiktaş North Campus Galata Campus Göztepe Campus Pera Campus Media Photo Gallery Video Gallery Press Room Boards and Commissions Academic Life Schools School of Foreign Languages Vocational School of Health Services School of Applied Disciplines Conservatory Faculties Faculty of Dentistry Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Educational Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Communication Faculty of Economics, Adminstrative and Social Sciences Faculty of Architecture and Design Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Medicine Master and PhD Graduate School Research Center Research and Applications Centers Academic Coordinators Research International Offices International Organization International Academic Relations International Organization International Students International Students Erasmus & Exchange Students Erasmus & Exchange Students Student TR UMIS LOGIN Menu Menu Home About SFL English Prep Program Mission Program Goals Professional Development Technology Enhanced Learning Unit (TELU) Learner Academic Development (LEAD) Why should students attend the English Preparatory Program? Turkish as a Second/Foreign Language Center (TÜRKMER) Study Abroad Program (BAU ESL) Modern Languages Department Directorate Director's Message Director's Office Student Affairs Office Organizational Chart Academic Staff Academic Calendar For Students Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Sample Exams Psychological Counseling Center TELU: Technology Enhanced Learning Unit LEAD: Learner Academic Development Program Instructional Videos Orientation Videos for New Students Student Complaint Procedure Student Complaint Form Student Handbook Quality and Accreditation Our Publications TOLES Legal News and Announcements Exam Information Exam Results Latest News Lead Tutorials Solution Center English Preparatory Program (BAU PREP) As Bahçeşehir University is an English medium educational institution, successfully completing the Preparatory Program is mandatory for undergraduate students. Participation in the Preparatory Program is optional for students enrolled in associate degree (Vocational School) programs and Turkish-medium programs in the Faculty of Health Sciences, and mandatory for students enrolled in English-medium programs. All students are required to take the Placement Test administered during the registration period. Students who answer at least 30 out of 60 questions correctly on this test will be eligible to take the Proficiency Test, while those who fail to achieve this score are placed in the appropriate level of the Preparation Program based on their test results. To be exempt from the English Preparatory Program, undergraduate students and associate degree (Vocational School) students who intend to transfer to the 4-year undergraduate programs must obtain a score of 60 out of 100 on the English Proficiency Exam. Students of the Faculty of Medicine, English Language Teaching, and Translation and Interpreting programs must obtain a score of 80 out of 100, while students of the Faculty of Pharmacy and the Faculty of Dentistry must obtain a minimum score of 70 out of 100. In addition, students who achieve satisfactory scores on the internationally recognized examinations listed below and accepted by Bahçeşehir University are also considered exempt from the English Preparatory Program. Accepted English Proficiency Exams and Minimum Scores For Undergraduate & Associate Degree Students For Pharmacy & Dentistry Students For ELT, Translation & Interpreting, and Medicine Students Valid for: BAU English Proficiency Exam 60 70 80 3 years YDS / e-YDS / YÖKDİL / e-YÖKDİL 60 70 80 5 years e-TEP 74 82 90 2 years TOEFL iBT* 72 85 96 2 years Pearson PTE Academic 55 71 78 2 years Oxford Test of English Advanced / Oxford Test of English 140 150 160 2 years Cambridge Linguaskill General** 187 201 214 5 years Cambridge C1 Advanced (CAE) C C B 5 years Cambridge C2 Proficiency (CPE) C C B 5 years Results from TOEFL, YDS / e-YDS / YÖKDİL / e-YÖKDİL, PTE, and CAE must be submitted to the University before the beginning of the academic year. Students who obtain a qualifying score on these exams during the academic year may begin their faculty programs only in the following semester. * TOEFL® scores remain valid for two years from the test date. During registration, the institutional code required to send scores to Bahçeşehir University is C471. There is no department code; this field may be left blank. Bahçeşehir University does not accept TOEFL iBT® score reports submitted directly by candidates. Scores must be transmitted to the University directly by ETS. TOEFL results are verified through the ETS online verification system. Additional information is available at www.toeflgoanywhere.org . ** When applying for the exam, applicants must select the "Full Test (All Modules)" option as the exam type. Please note that the internationally accepted exams specified in the table above can be used for exemption if they are taken at public universities in Türkiye. TOEFL iBT exams administered at Bahçeşehir University are accepted. TOEFL Special Home Edition™ scores are not accepted. Pearson PTE Academic Online exam scores are not accepted. Geri Bildirim Sistemi × × Bu sayfa ile ilgili değerlendirme yapıldı. Geri Bildirim Durumu: Lütfen bu içerik ile ilgili geri bildirim vermek için aşağıdaki formu doldurunuz. Üzgünüz kullanıcınız doğrulanamadı. Lütfen linki kontrol ediniz. İçerik Durumu* Lütfen seçiniz Doğru İçerik Düzenlenmesi Gerek Kaldırılacak Dil Kontrolü* Lütfen seçiniz Çevirisi Var Çevirisi Yok Öncelik Durumu* Lütfen seçiniz Düşük Orta Yüksek Açıklama GÖNDER BAUTTO BAU Library Open BAU BAUGO BAU Radio Procurement Press Room Data Protection Notice Contact & Access Institutional partnerships Management system certificates © 2026 Bahçeşehir University - All Rights Reserved. Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences BACK TO TOP Search Search query