Tongji University Undergraduate Enrollment Guide for International Students in 2026 Majors For undergraduate majors, tuition fee and CSCA test subjects requirement , please find the major catalog in the attachment. Eligible Applicants 1. Scholarship Applicants: applicants aged between 18 and 25 Self-supporting Applicants: applicants aged between 18 and 35 (up to and including December 31 in the year of application) Non-Chinese citizens who have graduated from high school(Only regular full-time high school graduates are accepted; online or equivalent qualification programs are not eligible.) or above and are in good health; 2. Applicants who are immigrants from the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan (China) and are a foreign national, or whose parents are both Chinese citizens and have settled abroad, or who have been a foreign national since birth must meet the requirements of the Ministry of Education's Jiao Wai Han [2020] No.12; 3. Applicants under the age of 18 (before August 31, 2026) must have a guardian living in mainland China with a stable source of income. When applying, the following guardian materials need to be submitted: - Guardian is a Chinese citizen: upload a scanned copy of the resident ID card; bank deposit certificate (amount not less than RMB 100,000, with a validity date later than January 31, 2027); - Guardian is a foreign national: Upload a scanned copy of the passport (information page); non-student residence permit (valid after January 31, 2027); bank deposit certificate (amount not less than RMB 100,000, with a validity date beyond January 31, 2027); -Guardian Guarantee Letter Application Time January 10 ,2026 to March 31, 2026 Application Materials Note: You need to upload the electronic application materials in the application system. After admission, please bring the original paper application materials for verification when you report to the university. If you fail to submit the materials or they do not meet requirements, your application will be rejected. 1. Personal information page of the passport (Passport valid until March 1, 2027 and beyond)； 2. High school diploma; -New graduates must submit the original anticipated graduation certificate issued by their school. Versions in languages other than Chinese or English must be accompanied by a notarized translation. -For a Malaysian SPM diploma, the certificate of completion of STPM or one-year preparatory studies and a transcript of the preparatory courses are also required. 3. Original or notarized transcripts of all courses in high school; -For a transcript in a language other than Chinese and English, the original notarized copy must be provided. -We recommend that you attach a description of the evaluation criteria of the transcripts. -The results of the national senior high school entrance examination or the internationally accepted test results of the country of origin, such as UEC/A Level/AP/IB/SAT/ACT, can also be submitted as supplementary materials. 4. the result of the 'China Scholastic Competency Assessment ' (CSCA Test) issued by the Ministry of Education of China. Note: For applicants applying to Chinese- taught undergraduate programs, the language of the examination papers for Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry should also be Chinese. 5. Proof of language proficiency For Chinese taught majors: -Certificate of HSK5 Chinese Proficiency Test with a score of 180 (inclusive) or above (valid for 2 years). -Chinese Language of The International School (Economics and Trade Oriented/Teaching Chinese to Speakers of Other Languages) undergraduate entrance requirements: First year: New HSK Level 4, 180 points or above; Second year (transferred student): New HSK Level 5, 180 points (inclusive) or more, one year of Chinese learning experience (only Chinese language courses or undergraduate majors taught in Chinese at a Chinese mainland university/college are accepted); Third year (transferred student): New HSK Level 6, 180 points (inclusive) or more, two years of Chinese learning experience (only Chinese language courses or undergraduate majors taught in Chinese at a Chinese mainland university/college are accepted). -If the high school education was conducted in Chinese, a proof of Chinese-medium instruction must be submitted, and the HSK certificate is exempted. For English taught majors: Copy of English proficiency certificate: IELTS 6.5 / TOEFL IBT 85 or above. The original certificate is required to be submitted at the registration, if the student is admitted. (Applicants who are native English-speakers or have studied in English-medium high schools are not required to submit English proficiency certificates.) 6. Personal statement Please write your introduction according to the personal statement template (undergraduate) （本科）in the teaching language of the professional program (for example, the statement for a program taught in Chinese should be written in Chinese, and the statement for a program taught in English should be written in English). 7. Physical examination form for foreigners (within six months) Click the link to download the form at the bottom of this web page. 8. Certificate of payment for the registration fee When remitting through at an offline bank or online bank, you need to submit a photo of the remittance voucher or a screenshot of online remittance. This is not required for remittance through the online application system. Payments can be made in the system upon submission of the application. Applicants who have not paid the registration fee will not be considered. 9. Applicants who are immigrants from the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan (China) and are a foreign national, applicants whose parents are one or both Chinese citizens and have settled abroad, and applicants who have been a foreign national since birth must provide the following materials: - Former Chinese citizens who have subsequently become foreign nationals must submit： （1）Proof of acquiring foreign nationality (the date of acquiring foreign nationality is earlier than April 30, 2022); （2）Scanned copy of entry and exit signature records on the passport from April 30, 2022 to to the time of application submission (for those who have lived in a foreign country for more than 2 years, residence for 9 months in a year in that country can be counted as one year); （3）Letter of Commitment -Applicants who became a foreign national at birth in a foreign country with one or both parents being a Chinese citizen must submit: （1） Certificate of the applicant's acquisition of foreign nationality at birth (① if one or both of the parents are Chinese citizens with permanent residence abroad, certificate of the corresponding permanent residence needs to be provided; ②if one or both of the parents are Chinese citizens without permanent residence abroad, certificate of the withdrawal from Chinese nationality of the applicant needs to be provided.); （2）Scanned copy of entry and exit signature records on the passport from April 30, 2022 to the time of application submission (for those who have lived in a foreign country for more than 2 years, residence for 9 months in a year can be counted as one year); （3）Letter of Commitment Please upload the above materials to the "Supplementary Materials" column of the application system. According to applicable regulations, Chinese foreigners, including former Chinese citizens who are foreign nationals, their children of foreign nationality, and Chinese citizens' children of foreign nationality, must pass the pre-examination of nationality conducted by the school at the admission stage, and the nationality assessment conducted by the exit and entry administration department of the Chinese public security organ after enrollment. Applicants who do not pass the nationality pre-examination or the nationality assessment will be considered to have voluntarily withdrawn their application. As a result, any admission approval or student status subsequently granted will be automatically revoked. 10. Requirements for Supplementary Application Materials for Undergraduate Majors of the College of Design and Innovation and the College of Architecture and Urban Planning Applicants to the College of Design and Innovation/College of Architecture and Urban Planning can click here to view ： 《 Requirements for Supplementary Application Materials for Undergraduate Majors of the College of Design and Innovation and the College of Architecture and Urban Planning》 Fill in the 《Supplementary Professional Materials》as required and upload any documents to the "Portfolio" column of the online application system. Note: If the required application materials are not submitted within the application period as specified above, the application will be considered unsuccessful. Application Procedure 1. All undergraduate program applicants (including those applying for various scholarships, self-funded students, and programs taught in Chinese or English) must take the "China Scholastic Competency Assessment " (CSCA) for Undergraduate Admission, organized by the China Scholarship Council under the Ministry of Education, before submitting their application to our university. Applicants must upload their CSCA score report when submitting their application. For specific exam registration information, please visit the CSCA official website: www.csca.cn. The required test subjects vary by major. For details, please refer to: 2026 CSCA Test Subject Arrangement for International Undergraduate Students at Tongji University. 2. Online application Please log in to Tongji University Online Registration System http://study-info.tongji.edu.cn， register and complete the online application. Each applicant may choose only one major. Applicants must upload electronic application materials that meet the requirements and pay the registration fee online within the application period. Note: Please do not mail or email the application materials as they will not be accepted. Payment method: - Online payment in the online application system; - For an offline bank or online bank remittance, the remittance voucher needs to be uploaded to the application system. Bank account information: 【国内】（面向中国境内账户）： For Accounts in China: 户名(Beneficiary)：同济大学 账号(Beneficiary Bank Account No.)： 033267-00812000848 【国外】（面向中国境外账户）： For accounts overseas: Beneficiary: TongJi University 户名：同济大学 Beneficiary Bank: Bank of China, Shanghai Branch yangpu sub-branch 开户银行(Beneficiary Bank)：中国农业银 行股份有限公司上海五角场支行 中国农业银行股份有限公司上海五角场 支行行号(Bank Number）：103290035039 地址(Address)：上海市杨浦区翔殷路 1128 号 开户银行：中国银行上海市赤峰路支行 Address: NO.83 chifeng road, shanghai, 200092, P.R.China 地址：中国上海市杨浦区赤峰路 83 号（邮编： 200092） Beneficiary Bank Account No.: 433859245525 账号：433859245525 Swift number: BKCHCNBJ300 转账号：BKCHCNBJ300 Please check the major catalog for tuition fees. Tuition, accidental injury, and hospitalization insurance premiums (RMB800 /year) should be paid during registration at the school. 3. Attend an Interview The system application status of applicants who pass the school's preliminary review will be changed to 'Waiting for Academic Review.' The relevant college will organize online interviews for applicants who meet the college's professional study requirements to assess the students' language, academic, and other comprehensive abilities. 4. Waiting for the Preliminary Admission results and Pay the Tuition Fee Applicants who have passed the academic review and granted "Waiting For Preliminary Admission" status must pay the first academic year's tuition within two weeks from the date of the preliminary admission result announcement to confirm their enrollment. Specific payment instructions will be notified via email after the preliminary admission results are released. 5. Download the admission documents After the applicant changes their system status to 'Completed,' our school will notify admitted students through the system to download the electronic official admission documents . For information related to reporting to the school, please follow the updates in the 'Orientation' section on the website. Note: -Tongji University's admissions are based on document review, and academic evaluation is organized independently by each specialized school. The university will make a comprehensive assessment based on the applicant's situation and admit the most qualified candidates. -Applicants are advised to regularly check the messages and application status in the application system after submission. It is essential to follow the instructions provided by the university to complete each step. Any delays caused by not checking notifications in time will be the sole responsibility of the applicant. -If an undergraduate applicant does not pass the academic review of the applied program, and has selected willingness to accept adjustment in the application system, the program may be adjusted accordingly to Chinese Language of The International School (Economic and Trade/International Education) or to preparatory studies, based on the information provided in the system. If the applicant chooses not to accept adjustment and fails the academic review, the result will be non-admission/failure. - The university will not provide explanations for applications that do not pass the review. Scholarship 1. Chinese Government Scholarship -bilateral program (Admission is open exclusively to the Chinese-taught undergraduate programs.) The Ministry of Education of China provides full or partial scholarships in accordance with educational cooperation and exchange agreements or MOUs signed with relevant governments, institutions, schools, and international organizations. The application time of each country is different (usually between November and March). Please consult the Chinese embassy (consulate) abroad and relevant departments. The admission documents will be issued to the applicant by the scholarship issuing institution (relevant domestic departments and Chinese embassies and consulates abroad). For detailed information, please visit the website of China Scholarship Council (http://www.csc.cn) to learn more. Applicants for the Chinese Government Scholarship (Bilateral Program/Type A) who need to obtain a pre-admission notice from our university should select "Chinese Government Scholarship Type A" in the application system. Within two weeks after submitting the application, our university will issue pre-admission notices to students who meet the basic requirements. Please note that the pre-admission notice is solely intended to assist applicants in their scholarship application and does not represent the final admission decision by the university or the scholarship authorities. 2. Shanghai Municipal Government Scholarship (Admission is open exclusively to the Chinese-taught undergraduate programs.) Established by the Shanghai Municipal Education Commission, this is a subsidy for outstanding foreign students to receive higher education in Shanghai universities. Visit the following website to learn more: Shanghai Municipal Government Scholarship https://study.tongji.edu.cn/info/1088/2632.htm 3. Chinese Government Scholarship- Silk Road Program (Admission is open exclusively to the Chinese-taught undergraduate programs.) 4. Tongji University International Student Excellence Scholarship (Admission is open exclusively to the English-taught undergraduate programs) Visit the following website to learn more:https://study.tongji.edu.cn/info/1088/3102.htm Other Information 1. The first year of international undergraduate students' enrollment is a trial period. If the applicant fails to pass the course with 25 credits or fails to meet the requirements issued by the college in first academic year, the applicant will be expelled and not permitted to study for a second year. 2. The registration time is around the beginning of September 2025, and the specific date is subject to the admission notice of Tongji University. Accepted candidates must go to a Chinese embassy (consulate) abroad to apply for a study visa with their passport, Tongji University Admission Notice, and the Visa Application Form for Foreign Students in China (JW202). Candidates must take the above-mentioned materials and go to Tongji University to apply for admission at the time specified in the notice, and apply for a residence certificate in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Exit and Entry Administration Bureau of Shanghai Public Security Bureau. When reporting to the university, please bring the original application materials that meet the admission requirements (including language proficiency certificates, high school transcripts, and high school diploma). If the verification of materials does not meet the admission requirements, the admission qualification will be canceled. 3. Accommodation: Please follow the accommodation selection notice of Tongji University International Student Office. In principle, full scholarship students will be arranged for accommodation by the school, but the availability of dormitories on campus is limited. If the reservation for dormitories on campus is full, students (including full scholarship students) are requested to arrange their own accommodation during their study abroad period. Dormitory information: https://study.tongji.edu.cn/info/1023/1058.htm Contact International Students Office of Tongji University Address: Room 705, Comprehensive Building, No.1239 Siping Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai, P.R. China Postal code: 200092 Admissions Inquiry Email: isotju@tongji.edu.cn Tel.: 021-65983611 Teacher in charge of the undergraduate program (admission procedures): Teacher Fang Email: 18123@tongji.edu.cn Tel: 021-65980380 Working hours: 8:00-11:30, 13:30-17:00 Monday-Friday (Beijing time) WeChat group for admission consultation: Please visit：https://study.tongji.edu.cn/info/1105 /2030.htm to view the group's QR code. The above information may change and shall be interpreted by the Tongji University International Student Office. Please check for updates on the website of Tongji University International Student Office. Attachment: Instructions for Filling Out the Tongji University Application System and Notes on Uploading Application Materials I. Instructions for Filling Out Content 1. When registering in the system, applicants are advised to avoid using a Gmail email address for registration, as they may not receive the verification code. 2. If "not have a Chinese name yet" is selected in the application system, it means the applicant accepts the Chinese name assigned by the university by default. 3. Please fill in the passport name exactly as shown on the passport information page (ensure the family name and given name are entered correctly. If the passport does not distinguish between family name and given name, select "The family name field in the passport is empty" or "The given name field in the passport is empty"). Also, provide the passport number and passport expiry date (only ordinary passports with an expiry date after March 1, 2027, are accepted). 4. For "Educational Background," please provide a complete chronological record of all educational experiences from elementary school up to the time of application. 5. Parental information in the "Family" section is mandatory (if parents are divorced, please provide the relevant information and circumstances). 6. "Guarantor in China" refers to the contact person or institution in China who will assist the applicant with matters during their study period in China. If there is no guarantor or institution, please provide the relevant information of your country's embassy or consulate in China. II. Notes on Uploading Application Materials 1. All uploaded materials must be color scans of the original documents (in PDF or JPG format). For the same type of material, please merge the files in chronological order and upload them as a single document. 2. For the "Personal Photo," applicants must upload a recent, front-facing, color passport-style photo with a white or blue background (do not upload black-and-white photos, artistic photos, selfies, or other informal types of photos). 3. For the "Personal Statement," please download the personal statement template, fill it out, and upload it.