Home About Us Welcome Letter University Overview Contact Us Admission Online Application Application Information Updates Schools and Departments Undergraduate Programs Master Programs Doctoral Programs Exchange Programs Non-Degree Programs ORIENTATION Current Students Rules and Regulations Free&Costs International Student Community Campus Life Visa & Residence Permits Internship Information DownLoad Graduation Procedures for Leaving the University Alumni Distinguished Alumni Contact Us CN Home > Admission Information > Scholarship > School Scholarship > Content Admission Information Undergraduate Postgraduate Language Student / Pre-University Student Exchange Student Scholarship School Scholarship Campus Tour Shanghai Municipal Government Scholarship Time : 2025-10-25 Click : I. Eligibility for Application 1. Applicants should be non-Chinese citizens and in good health. 2. Applicants for bachelor's program should be 25 or under; applicants for master's programs should be 35 or under; applicants for doctoral programs should be 40 or under. 3. The following applicants would not be accepted: a) Applying for a joint degree promotion program, b) Applying for language and literature programs of one's native language or a third language, such as English and French, etc. c) Applying for English taught Undergraduate Program. 4. Applicants should not be holding any other scholarship provided by Chinese government or other organizations. II. Scholarship Coverage and Standard 1. Category A: Full coverage on tuition fee, free on Comprehensive Medical Insurance and living allowance (undergraduate student: 2500 RMB/month; postgraduate student: 3000 RMB/month, Doctoral student: 3500 RMB/month)； Free on-campus accommodation, if the on-campus accommodation is full and you need to arrange off-campus accommodation by yourself, you can apply for off-campus accommodation subsidy (undergraduate student\postgraduate student: RMB 700/month students, Doctoral student: RMB 1000/month); 2. Category B: Full coverage on tuition fee and Comprehensive Medical Insurance III. Application Time Fall 2026 (August/September) admission, Application Period for Bachelor's Program：January 10, 2026 - March 31, 2026 Application Period for Master's and Doctoral Programs：January 10, 2026 - March 20, 2026 IV. Application Procedure Step one: online application Finish your online application of Tongji University on http://study-info.tongji.edu.cn and choose "Shanghai Government Scholarship Programs" in your application, and complete the online application, and upload the application materials. Applicants must upload electronic application materials that meet the requirements and pay the registration fee online within the application period. Step two: pay your application fee Application fee: RMB600 (nonrefundable) Payment method: 1. Online payment in the online application system; 2. For an offline bank or online bank remittance, the remittance voucher needs to be uploaded to the application system. Account information: 【国内】（面向中国境内账户）： For Accounts in China: 户名(Beneficiary)：同济大学 账号(Beneficiary Bank Account No.)：033267-00812000848 开户银行(Beneficiary Bank)：中国农业银行股份有限公司上海五角场支行 中国农业银行股份有限公司上海五角场支行行号(Bank Number）：103290035039 地址(Address)：上海市杨浦区翔殷路1128号 【国外】（面向中国境外账户）： For accounts overseas: Beneficiary: TongJi University 户名：同济大学 Beneficiary Bank: Bank of China, Shanghai Branch yangpu sub-branch 开户银行：中国银行上海市赤峰路支行 Address: NO.83 chifeng road, shanghai, 200092, P.R.China 地址：中国上海市杨浦区赤峰路83号（邮编：200092） Beneficiary Bank Account No.: 433859245525 账号：433859245525 Swift number: BKCHCNBJ300 转账号：BKCHCNBJ300 V. Application Materials: Note: In the application time, you just need to upload the electronic application materials in the application system. After admission, please bring the original paper application materials for verification when you report to the university. If you fail to submit the materials or the materials do not meet the requirements, your application will be rejected. 1. Application form of Shanghai Government Scholarship 2. For other application materials, please refer to the detailed information in our enrollment guide. The following are the relevant websites. Majors taught in Chinese: Undergraduate student： https://study.tongji.edu.cn/info/1013/1183.htm Postgraduate student： https://study.tongji.edu.cn/lxsq/ssyjsxm/zsjz.htm Doctoral student： https://study.tongji.edu.cn/lxsq/bsyjsxm/zsjz.htm Majors taught in English: Postgraduate student：https://study.tongji.edu.cn/en/ADMISSION/Master_Programs/Enrollment_Guide.htm Doctoral student：https://study.tongji.edu.cn/en/ADMISSION/Doctoral_Programs/Enrollment_Guide.htm Note: Only electronic application materials need to be uploaded in the application system at the application stage. Failure to submit application materials that meet the above requirements within the specified time limit will be regarded as an unsuccessful application. If admitted, please make sure to bring the original paper version of the application materials for verification when you report to the school. If you are unable to submit, or the materials do not match, you will be disqualified from enrollment. VI. Admission Process 1. Tongji University adopts a material review system for admission and organizes written examinations or interviews for each college. We perform evaluations according to the overall capabilities of the students and select the best candidates for admission. 2. After submitting the application, the applicant must regularly check the information and application status in the application system and complete each step strictly as prompted. If the follow-up process is delayed due to failure to check a notification in time, the applicant is responsible for the delay. 3. Please pay attention to your application status in the application system. If you are admitted, your application status will change to admitted. Scholarship applicants who are not admitted will be transferred to other scholarship programs and self-financed programs of the University according to their personal intention. 4. International Students Office of Tongji University notifies students of the admission results. You can also visit the website of International Students Office of Tongji University in the section of "Announcement" (http://study.tongji.edu.cn/). The university will not provide explanations for applications that do not pass the review. VII. Other Information for Scholarship Holders 1. Students who are admitted should go to the Chinese Consulate abroad to apply for the entry study visa with the ordinary passport, the Notification of Admission to Tongji University, and the Application Form for Visa for Foreign Scholarly Personnel to Come to China (Form JW202). With the above materials, you should go to Tongji University for the enrollment and registration procedures and apply for the residence permits according to the relevant provisions of the Exit-Entry Administration of the Shanghai Municipal Public Security Bureau in accordance with the time stipulated in the notification. Those who do not report to the university after the deadline without approval will be treated as automatically giving up their study status, and their scholarships will be canceled automatically. Please pay attention to the content of "Orientation" section on the website for the information related to reporting to the university. 2. Scholarship holders must participate in annual evaluation. Students who fail to meet the requirements will have their scholarship cancelled. 3. For international undergraduate students, the first year is a trial period. If the applicant fails to pass the course with 25 credits or fails to meet the requirements issued by the college in first academic year, the applicant will be expelled and not permitted to study for a second year. For postgraduate students, only those who pass all examinations of their degree course in the first academic year of their master's degree can obtain the qualification for preparing papers. Those who fail three courses of the degree course examinations will be expelled. 4. Scholarship holders are not allowed to change the major or study period. VIII. Contact Information Tongji University International Student Office Address: Room 705, Zhong He Building, No.1239 Siping Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai, P.R. China Postal code: 200092 Admissions Inquiry Email: isotju@tongji.edu.cn Tel.: 021-65983611 Enrollment consultation: Teacher in charge of the undergraduate program: 18123@tongji.edu.cn Tel.: 021-65980380 Teacher in charge of the postgraduate program: 22077@tongji.edu.cn Tel.: 021-65988388 For information on each admissions program, please check the admissions contact in the admissions catalog. Working hours: Monday through Friday 8:00-11:30, 13:30-17:00 (Beijing time) WeChat group for admission consultation: Please visit： https://study.tongji.edu.cn/lxsq/sqxxhz.htm to view the group's QR code. The above information may change and shall be interpreted by the Tongji University International Student Office. Please check for updates on the website of Tongji University International Student Office. Prev : Tongji University & Bank of China Global Talent Scholarship Next : Chinese Government Scholarship - High Level Postgraduate Program Friendship links: Healthcare Center | Exit & Entry Bureau | Tongji University | Shanghai, China 同济大学留学生办公室 ©2017 Tongji University International Students Office 电话：021-65983611 邮箱：isotju@tongji.edu.cn 地址：四平路校区衷和楼705室 Official Account ©2017 Tongji University International Students Office