Home About Us Welcome Letter University Overview Contact Us Admission Online Application Application Information Updates Schools and Departments Undergraduate Programs Master Programs Doctoral Programs Exchange Programs Non-Degree Programs ORIENTATION Current Students Rules and Regulations Free&Costs International Student Community Campus Life Visa & Residence Permits Internship Information DownLoad Graduation Procedures for Leaving the University Alumni Distinguished Alumni Contact Us Home > Admission > Degree Programs-English Taught > Undergraduate Programs Admission Online Application Application Information Updates Schools and Departments Undergraduate Programs Degree programs-Chinese taught Degree programs-English taught Master Programs Enrollment Guide Major List Doctoral Programs Enrollment Guide Major List Exchange Programs Non-Degree Programs 01 2026.04 Tongji University International Students' "Experiencing China · Huangshan Tour" Successfully Held 18 2025.11 Tongji University Welcomes 2025 International Freshmen In the golden September, more than 1,700 international freshmen from over 130 countries and regions arrived at Tongji University, embarking on a new chapter of academic and personal growth in China.At the orientation site, teachers and volunteers warmly greeted each new arrival. With multilingual guidance, attentive services, and welcoming smiles, international students quickly found themselves... 18 2025.11 SBU-Tongji FLY Program Launches, Kicking Off Freshmen's Academic Journey On September 13, the opening ceremony for the Freshmen Launch Year (FLY) program, a collaborative initiative between Stony Brook University (SBU) and Tongji University, was grandly held at the Hubei Campus. Thirty-eight freshmen from SBU, comprising students from both China and the United States, officially began their first academic semester at Tongji University. Leaders, faculty representativ... 18 2025.11 Tongji Hosts Welcome Ceremony for New International Students The 2025 Freshman Welcome Ceremony for international students was held at the 129 Auditorium, Siping Campus on the morning of September 26. Liu Run, Deputy Party Secretary of Tongji, attended and delivered a speech. Representatives from different colleges and departments, including the Foreign Affairs Office, the International Students Office, the Student Affairs Department, the Communist Youth... 18 2025.11 A Breakthrough in Anhui: Tongji Inaugurates Its First "Sensing China" Base in Huangshan On October 10, Liu Run, Deputy Party Secretary of Tongji University, led a delegation to Huangshan City, Anhui Province, to attend the working consultation meeting between the Huangshan Municipal Government and Tongji University, as well as the inauguration ceremony for the "Sensing China" Huangshan Base. Liu Li, Vice Mayor of Huangshan City, attended the meeting and delivered a speech. Repre... 29 2025.05 Study at Tongji -Through Edison's Lens 27 2025.05 Tongji University Launches 'Experiencing China' Program: International Transportation Talents Explore Smart Development in Taizhou 10 2025.03 Experience China, the Charm of Huizhou: Tongji University International Students' 'Experience China - Huangshan' Successfully Concludes From March 7th to 9th, Tongji University's international students took part in the "Experience China" event, which took them to Huangshan City. The event was organized by the China Scholarship Council and hosted by Tongji University. A group of 27 international students from 16 countries, including Germany, Italy, France, and the United States, participated in a three-day cultural study tour fo... 19 2024.12 Celebrating Unity in Diversity: Tongji University's 2025 New Year Bash Brings Chinese and International Students Together in a Spectacular Cultural Showcase On December 14, Tongji University came alive with a vibrant cultural showcase at the Siping Road Campus. The 2025 New Year Bash brought together students from over 20 countries, uniting them through the universal languages of music, dance, and art. Organized by the Foreign Affairs Office, the International Student Office, and the Communist Youth League Committee, the event was hosted by the Ton... 18 2024.12 Tongji University Hosts Seminar on University Internationalization and High-Quality Development of International Education in the Context of New Era Educational Openness On December 14th, the Seminar on University Internationalization and High-Quality Development of International Education in the Context of New Era Educational Openness was successfully held at the Siping Campus of Tongji University. The seminar was guided by the China Scholarship Council (CSC) and the Foreign Affairs Office of the Shanghai Municipal People's Government, and hosted by Tongji Uni... First Previous 1 2 3 4 Next Last 1/4 To Page Go Friendship links: Healthcare Center | Exit & Entry Bureau | Tongji University | Shanghai, China 同济大学留学生办公室 ©2017 Tongji University International Students Office 电话：021-65983611 邮箱：isotju@tongji.edu.cn 地址：四平路校区衷和楼705室 Official Account ©2017 Tongji University International Students Office