Skip to main content Newsroom Events Careers Contact us Toggle High contrast Search About Overview About Research Institutes and Centers People Partnerships Institutional Effectiveness Contact Us Leadership Leadership President Office Provost Office Careers Join an innovative organization and people shaping tomorrow. Learn More Getting Around HBKU Explore our interactive Education City Map and find your way around the campus. Learn More Life at HBKU Campus Experience Campus Life Housing Multaqa (Student Center) Campus Map Library Student Life Musharaka (Student Portal) Student Affairs Sports and Student Clubs Student Resources Health and Counseling Career Services Quick Links Registrar's Office Alumni Services Upcoming Events View featured and upcoming events from across HBKU. Learn More Academics Colleges College of Islamic Studies College of Humanities and Social Sciences College of Science and Engineering College of Law College of Health and Life Sciences College of Public Policy School of Economics and Management Programs Undergraduate Graduate Professional Learning Executive Education Center HBKUx Training Translation and Training Center (TTC) Student Resources Academics Overview Academic Catalog Academic Policies Academic Calendar Library University Writing Center (UWrite) Student Success Services Student Enrichment Program Admissions Overview Start your journey by applying to one of HBKU's academic programs and join a community of innovative changemakers. Learn More Financial Information Tuition Fees Scholarships Billing and Payment Research Research Administration and Resources Office of the Vice President for Research Sponsored Research Office Funding Opportunities Research Compliance Core Labs Research Computing Research Facilities STEM Research Institutes and Centers Qatar Biomedical Research Institute Qatar Computing Research Institute Qatar Environment and Energy Research Institute Global Institute for Strategic Research View more Research Impact and Outcome Elmi (Research Management System) Academic Research Expertise Directory Projects Publications News Innovation Overview Office of Innovation and Industrial Relations is at the core of HBKU, as it hosts the development of a research and development focused, dynamic, game-changing entrepreneurial ecosystem and a value-added social structure. Learn more Innovation at HBKU Office of Innovation and Industrial Relations Innovation Center Innovation Funds Office Intellectual Property Office Research and Development Corporation (R&D CORP.) Expertise Catalog A unique search platform that offers a seamless approach toward a diversified collaboration with our stakeholders by providing access to various expertise areas and linking them to their experts. Explore Catalog Newsroom Events Careers Contact us Search Apply Now User Faculty Login Student Login Undergraduate Admissions Apply Now Home Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Your Future Starts Here Become part of a thriving community of scholars, leaders, and innovators. Explore our undergraduate programs and find your perfect fit. Our Undergraduate Programs Ready to apply? Here's an overview of the Undergraduate admissions process: 01 Create Account Click "Apply Now" to create an account. Keep your account details safe as you will use them to log into the account. 02 Submit Application Start the application process by choosing your desired program. You can apply to up to two programs per academic year. 03 Upload Documents & References After applying, check your email for instructions on uploading supporting documents and providing referee details. 04 Application Review The HBKU admissions team will review your application for completeness and eligibility, and forward it to the chosen college. 05 Receive Offer of Admissions You will be notified when a decision is made on your application. If accepted, you will receive an official HBKU offer letter. Important Dates Online undergraduate admission application opens to the public 01 Sep 2026 Admission application deadline for undergraduate applicants 01 Mar 2027 Frequently Asked Questions Expand All What are the application deadlines for undergraduate programs? Our undergraduate application is open every year from October 1 to March 1 for the incoming Fall semester. We do not accept applications for the Spring semester. Are standardized test scores required for admissions? As of the latest update, The IELTS/TOEFL are mandatory. However, for the SAT/ACT we have a test-optional policy. This means you can choose whether to submit standardized test scores. If you believe your scores reflect your academic abilities, you may submit them. Otherwise, your application will still be considered without them. What should I include in my personal statement or essay? Your personal statement or essay should provide insight into your personality, goals, and experiences. We encourage you to discuss your academic interests, any challenges you have overcome, and why you are interested in our university. Can I update my application after submission? Yes, you can update your application with new information, such as recent achievements or changes to your academic records. Please, contact the admissions office directly to submit any updates. Can I have more than one application? No, you should only submit one application with your first major of choice. However, you can indicate what your second major of choice is on the online application. When will I receive an admissions decision? Decisions are made after the application deadline has closed. We do not make early decisions, so all admissions decisions are typically made by mid to late April. Can I defer my admissions if I am admitted? No, we do not defer admissions. You must reapply for admissions if you want to attend the university. Are there any financial aid opportunities? Yes, there is need-based financial aid available for students who are admitted to HBKU, which you can apply for after admissions decisions are made. Why HBKU? Life at HBKU HBKU Events Getting around HBKU Follow us Linkedin Facebook X Instagram Edx Subscribe to the official HBKU newsletter WAMDHA Colleges and Schools College of Islamic Studies College of Humanities and Social Sciences College of Science and Engineering College of Law College of Health and Life Sciences College of Public Policy School of Economics and Management Research Institutes and Centers Qatar Biomedical Research Institute (QBRI) Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI) Qatar Environment and Energy Research Institute (QEERI) Global Institute for Strategic Research (GISR) View More Useful Links About HBKU University Policies Academics Research HBKU Press Executive Education Center Careers © 2026 All rights reserved to Hamad Bin Khalifa University. Report an Issue Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Top of Site