Skip to main content News Events Careers Contact us Toggle High contrast Search Home About Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Overview Programs and Requirements Admissions Requirements Important Dates Graduate Admissions Overview Programs and Requirements Admissions Requirements Important Dates Programs People Publications Explore Divisions Explore CSE's divisions committed to excellent teaching and training highly qualified students in multiple disciplines. Learn More Research Initiatives Qatar Center for Quantum Computing (QC2) i-Solouk UNESCO Chair A-Sense STEM Bringing the excitement and skills of engineering to the youth of Qatar. Learn More News Events Careers Contact us العربية English Search Apply Now User Faculty Login Student Login College of Science and Engineering Undergraduate Admissions Apply Now Discover Our Programs Home College of Science and Engineering Undergraduate Admissions Overview At Hamad Bin Khalifa University, our people are our greatest strength. When you enroll on an academic program at HBKU, you become part of a thriving community that is committed to excellence and innovation. You'll collaborate with world-renowned faculty, engage in cutting-edge research, and gain the skills and knowledge you need to succeed in a globalized world. HBKU offers a vibrant student life, with a variety of clubs and organizations to get involved in. You'll also have the opportunity to study abroad at one of our many partner universities. Admissions Important Dates Programs and Requirements Admissions Requirements Contact Us Admissions Process at HBKU HBKU, a member of Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, is a private, non-profit organization that serves the people of Qatar by supporting and operating academic programs that are innovative and multidisciplinary. Here's An Overview Of Our Typical Admissions Process: 01 Create Account Click "Apply Now" to create an account. Keep your account details safe as you will use them to log into the account. 02 Submit Application Start the application process by choosing your desired program. You can apply to up to two programs per academic year. 03 Upload Documents & References After applying, check your email for instructions on uploading supporting documents and providing referee details. 04 Application Review The HBKU admissions team will review your application for completeness and eligibility, and forward it to the chosen college. 05 Receive Offer of Admissions You will be notified when a decision is made on your application. If accepted, you will receive an official HBKU offer letter. Admissions Policies Understanding our admissions policies is key to a successful application to HBKU. We encourage you to thoroughly review the details outlined on our website to ensure you meet all requirements and submit a complete application. Undergraduate Important Dates Online undergraduate admission application opens to the public 01 Sep 2026 Admission application deadline for undergraduate applicants 01 Mar 2027 Programs and Requirements Prospectus Applicants seeking admissions to the Bachelor's Programs should have a strong high school academic record with evidence of advanced coursework in math and science. Applicants are required to take the IELTS or TOEFL exam in order to demonstrate their proficiency in the English language. Applicants are highly encouraged to take the SAT or ACT exam. Application Requirements Application A completed online application form admissions.hbku.edu.qa Identification document An electronic copy of the passport. Nationals and residents of Qatar should also submit a valid Qatari ID. Academic transcripts Final transcripts of all high school years (grades 10, 11, and 12) that are available at the time of application. Transcripts in languages other than Arabic or English must be accompanied by an official translation. Applicants should submit a copy of their high school transcripts as part of the online application. Applicants who are admitted to the program based on copies of or incomplete transcripts will be required to provide original transcripts upon enrollment in order to register for classes. Letters of recommendation Two recommendation letters, including one from the school counselor, and one from a mathematics or science teacher. Applicants should include their referees' names and email addresses in the online application. Referees will receive an email requesting them to complete their references. Standardized test results Official copies of standardized test results must be sent directly to Hamad Bin Khalifa University using the institutional codes below: SAT: 7675 ACT: 7019 TOEFL: 4981 IELTS: No code required - ask the IELTS center where you tested to send the IELTS TRF to Hamad Bin Khalifa University. Hamad Bin Khalifa University requires a minimum IELTS result of a 6.5 composite score. The SAT/ACT is optional. Applicants should also submit copies of their test scores with the online application. Personal statement of interest A personal statement explaining why the applicant is applying for the program, and how it will contribute to their future goals (no word limit). Resume/Curriculum Vitae A resume or CV including academic and extracurricular achievements such as honors, awards, leadership, volunteer work, athletic involvement, or other relevant activities. Applicants are encouraged to mention hobbies and personal talents as well. Application fee Non-refundable application fee (QAR 250) . Click here to submit the application fee. Student funding For information about student funding opportunities, please visit: https://www.qf.org.qa/education/higher-education/financial-aid Notice Please do not submit any additional application materials which are not on the list of required items. Any additional materials received will be automatically discarded. HBKU cannot return documents to the applicant once they are submitted. All documents submitted through the online application must be in PDF format. Any documents submitted in a different format will not be accepted. Contact Us We understand that prospective and incoming students have a wide range of needs, and it can sometimes be difficult to find specific information. Whether you're looking for a tour of HBKU, financial aid, or registration for classes, connect with us to find the help you need. Entity Name Working Hours Phone Number Email Address Undergraduate Admissions 7.30 am - 3.30 pm 44230043 admissions.ug@hbku.edu.qa Fact and Figures Current Students % Qatari Students Graduate Programs Nationalities Across HBKU Follow us Linkedin Facebook X Instagram Edx Subscribe to the official HBKU newsletter WAMDHA Colleges and Schools College of Islamic Studies College of Humanities and Social Sciences College of Science and Engineering College of Law College of Health and Life Sciences College of Public Policy School of Economics and Management Research Institutes and Centers Qatar Biomedical Research Institute (QBRI) Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI) Qatar Environment and Energy Research Institute (QEERI) Global Institute for Strategic Research (GISR) View More Useful Links About HBKU University Policies Academics Research HBKU Press Executive Education Center Careers © 2026 All rights reserved to Hamad Bin Khalifa University. Report an Issue Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Top of Site