Skip to main content Newsroom Events Careers Contact us Toggle High contrast Search About Overview About Research Institutes and Centers People Partnerships Institutional Effectiveness Contact Us Leadership Leadership President Office Provost Office Careers Join an innovative organization and people shaping tomorrow. Learn More Getting Around HBKU Explore our interactive Education City Map and find your way around the campus. Learn More Life at HBKU Campus Experience Campus Life Housing Multaqa (Student Center) Campus Map Library Student Life Musharaka (Student Portal) Student Affairs Sports and Student Clubs Student Resources Health and Counseling Career Services Quick Links Registrar's Office Alumni Services Upcoming Events View featured and upcoming events from across HBKU. Learn More Academics Colleges College of Islamic Studies College of Humanities and Social Sciences College of Science and Engineering College of Law College of Health and Life Sciences College of Public Policy School of Economics and Management Programs Undergraduate Graduate Professional Learning Executive Education Center HBKUx Training Translation and Training Center (TTC) Student Resources Academics Overview Academic Catalog Academic Policies Academic Calendar Library University Writing Center (UWrite) Student Success Services Student Enrichment Program Admissions Overview Start your journey by applying to one of HBKU's academic programs and join a community of innovative changemakers. Learn More Financial Information Tuition Fees Scholarships Billing and Payment Research Research Administration and Resources Office of the Vice President for Research Sponsored Research Office Funding Opportunities Research Compliance Core Labs Research Computing Research Facilities STEM Research Institutes and Centers Qatar Biomedical Research Institute Qatar Computing Research Institute Qatar Environment and Energy Research Institute Global Institute for Strategic Research View more Research Impact and Outcome Elmi (Research Management System) Academic Research Expertise Directory Projects Publications News Innovation Overview Office of Innovation and Industrial Relations is at the core of HBKU, as it hosts the development of a research and development focused, dynamic, game-changing entrepreneurial ecosystem and a value-added social structure. Learn more Innovation at HBKU Office of Innovation and Industrial Relations Innovation Center Innovation Funds Office Intellectual Property Office Research and Development Corporation (R&D CORP.) Expertise Catalog A unique search platform that offers a seamless approach toward a diversified collaboration with our stakeholders by providing access to various expertise areas and linking them to their experts. Explore Catalog Newsroom Events Careers Contact us العربية English Search Apply Now User Faculty Login Student Login Student Financial Information Home Student Financial Information Communication of Student Billing HBKU uses email to communicate with students regarding billing and announcements. It is the student's responsibility to check email notifications for fees sent by the university. A student's registration at HBKU holds the student liable to make tuition fee payments by the given deadline each semester. Upon receiving the tuition fee notification, students are required to do the following: Review the bill received Submit a request via email if any errors appear on the bill or if the bill is to be directed to a sponsor, which will need to include a submission of sponsorship letters Pay the requested amount by the due date through the payment methods available Failure to settle the tuition fees for any given semester will place a financial hold on the student's record. Financial hold will prevent the student from registering for class, resulting in the student being unable to graduate and requesting transcript or validation letters. Student Tuition Graduate Tuition fees are billed per credit hour registered for. The cost of the credit hour varies by the program. Full-time enrollment is required for fall and spring semesters. The billing is applied on a per-credit-hour enrollment depending on when the student is admitted. All HBKU colleges are transitioning to this form of billing based on the program and college. The total tuition fees for the entire program remain unchanged for the required credit hours to meet the program graduation requirement. Details on tuition fees are provided per academic program on the HBKU website. Undergraduate HBKU offers undergraduate programs in Chemical, Computer, Electrical, and Mechanical Engineering. The fees at HBKU are billed per credit hour for courses taken during the official academic year. Additionally, HBKU will bill students for courses enrolled in at the Education City Partner Universities. Details on tuition fees are provided per academic program on the HBKU website. Tuition Adjustments Students wishing to withdraw from the semester or university need to discuss the case with the Registrar's Office and their academic advisor to understand the university's procedure. Penalty fees are applied if the withdrawal takes place after the add/drop date as per the academic calendar . Per the Academic Policy, the penalty fees are calculated as follows: 25% tuition penalty up to two weeks from add/drop date 50% tuition penalty more than two weeks to less than four weeks after the add/drop date 75% tuition penalty four weeks to less than eight weeks after the add/drop date 100% tuition penalty more than eight weeks after the add/drop date Sponsorships A sponsorship refers to an agreement made with an external entity or party to pay the student's tuition fees in full or partially due to agreed-upon terms. Students must declare their sponsorships by providing official documentation proving the sponsorship including the duration and the sponsor contact details. Sponsors are then sent the invoices directly by HBKU Finance. If the sponsor fails to pay on time, the financial hold remains. The students are advised to communicate with their sponsor to pay timely. HBKU College Scholarships Tuition waivers or partial scholarships are offered by HBKU colleges on a competitive basis. Award letters are offered before admission and students accepting the awards are required to sign a scholarship agreement. Not submitting the signed scholarship agreement to the awarded student's respective college committee will be considered a rejection of the offer. The student will consequently be billed for the tuition fees in full. Further information on college scholarships is available on the Scholarship Guidelines for HBKU Graduate Programs page . Tuition Payment Options In Person (not available) The hours of operation are 8 am - 3 pm, Sunday to Thursday. Payments are accepted at the Cashier Office in the Qatar Foundation Headquarters on the first floor. The payment options below are currently available for students. Electronic Banking Students can pay online by two different methods. Online Payment Gateway Qatar Foundation has launched a new Online Payment Gateway to support students to make online payments. This method allows the payment of tuition and housing fees only and not enrollment fees. The following tutorial video is a helpful step-by-step guide that outlines how to set up an account and complete payments. The Payment Gateway instructions are as follows: Check your HBKU email for a username and temporary password to register on the online payment platform. Go to customers.qf.org.qa and log in. The website will prompt a password change. As soon as you are logged in, you will be able to view your "Account Summary" through the "Home" tab. Your balance due date will be at the top of the page and details can be viewed below. Click on the next tab "Account" to see transactions. Select the transaction (invoice) to be paid with a tick mark on the left side of the item. Click on "Click here to PAY". Enter the payment amount on the next loaded page. Enter your bank card details. Payment confirmation can be seen from "Any Status" transaction selection. Receipts will be visible and accessible for downloading/printing. Bank Transfers The electronic banking method is for students to pay through their banking services available online or through the bank. It is important that the student's Banner ID is included in the payment extra details so the payment can be traced. The payment transfer should be made to the following account details: Beneficiary Qatar Foundation Account Number 0013-024171-074 IBAN QA85 QNBA 0000 0000 0013 0241 7107 4 Swift Code QNBAQAQA Branch Address PO Box 1000, Doha- Qatar Details to Beneficiary [ Student ID ]-TUI Bank transfers for the College of Islamic Studies can be made to the following account details: Beneficiary Qatar Foundation Account Number 0013-024171-075 IBAN QA58 QNBA 0000 0000 0013 0241 7107 5 Swift Code QNBAQAQA Branch Address PO Box 1000, Doha- Qatar Details to Beneficiary [ Student ID ]-TUI Paying in Installments Students can plan to pay their fees in installments through the Online Payment Gateway without contacting HBKU Finance. The student will have to ensure that the outstanding fees are completed by the given payment deadline. Financial Holds If the student account has an unpaid balance, a financial hold will be placed on the account. This restricts the student from registering for classes, accessing transcripts or receiving student records. Students facing financial holds are required to make their due payments as soon as possible. Financial holds are not cleared automatically and require time for payment validations. Students failing to include the Banner ID, prolongs this process. Other Student Fees HBKU students are billed the following fees where applicable. Application Fee Undergraduate Application Fee. Click here to submit the application fee. QAR 250 (non-refundable) Graduate Application Fee. Click here to submit the application fee. QAR 250 (non-refundable) Enrollment Fees Enrollment fees are payable one time at the time of application and are non-refundable. College of Science & Engineering QAR 350 College of Health & Life Sciences QAR 350 College of Law QAR 350 College of Public Policy QAR 350 College of Humanities & Social Sciences QAR 350 College of Islamic Studies QAR 350 School of Economics and Management QAR 350 Other Fees Graduation Gown Fee QAR 1,000 Contact HBKU Finance For more information, please do not hesitate to contact HBKU Finance: hbkustudentfinance@hbku.edu.qa For more information, please do not hesitate to contact your designated focal point: For CIS students, please contact CIS focal point at CISfinance@hbku.edu.qa For CHSS students, please contact CHSS focal point at studentaffairs.chss@hbku.edu.qa For students under other HBKU colleges please contact HBKU Finance at hbkustudentfinance@hbku.edu.qa Follow us Linkedin Facebook X Instagram Edx Subscribe to the official HBKU newsletter WAMDHA Colleges and Schools College of Islamic Studies College of Humanities and Social Sciences College of Science and Engineering College of Law College of Health and Life Sciences College of Public Policy School of Economics and Management Research Institutes and Centers Qatar Biomedical Research Institute (QBRI) Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI) Qatar Environment and Energy Research Institute (QEERI) Global Institute for Strategic Research (GISR) View More Useful Links About HBKU University Policies Academics Research HBKU Press Executive Education Center Careers © 2026 All rights reserved to Hamad Bin Khalifa University. Report an Issue Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Top of Site