117 HAMAD BIN KHALIFA UNIVERSITY AC-U-01.V01: UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION POLICY 118 AC-U-01.V.02: UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION POLICY Date Endorsed by the Provost: 6 April 2017 Date Endorsed by the President: 20 April 2017 Date Approved by the BOT: 8 May 2017 Effective Date: 8 May 2017 Last Updated: 1. PURPOSE This policy outlines the standards for admitting applicants into programs and approving applicants for undergraduate enrollment at HBKU. 2. POLICY DESCRIPTION Admission to HBKU is highly competitive and dependent on an applicant's overall performance and grades; rigor of coursework in high school; rank in class (if applicable); standardized test scores; number of qualified applicants; and number of available places on a program. The undergraduate admission policy sets the minimum standards for admission to undergraduate programs at HBKU. 2.1 DEFINITIONS • Bachelor's: An undergraduate academic degree in a discipline with preset required courses, often culminating in a capstone (typically in the form of a project). Bachelor of Science (BS) is awarded upon completing the degree's requirements in science and application-oriented disciplines, whereas Bachelor of Arts (BA) is awarded upon completing the deg ree's requirements in liberal-oriented education. • High School Applicant: An applicant who has not attended any postsecondary institutions. • Transfer Applicant: An applicant who is currently attending another institution. • Visiting Applicant: An applicant who plans to earn a degree from another institution of higher education but wishes to take courses at HBKU. • Non-degree Applicant: An applicant who wishes to attend courses at HBKU without pursuing an undergraduate degree. • Recognized School: A high school that is accredited by a government authority at the country where the school resides and is recognized by the Ministry of Education and Higher Education of the State of Qatar. • Recognized Institution: An institution of postsecondary education that is recognized/accredited by a government authority at the country where the institution resides, and is recognized by the Ministry of Education and Higher Education of the State of Qatar. • Admissions Committee: At least three-member committee chaired by the Dean of the College or designee and composed of faculty members from the program and member(s) from Office of Enrollment as ex-officio. 2.2 POLICY STATEMENTS 1. To be considered for an undergraduate program, applicants must submit an online application supported by relevant documents. They must do so by the deadline established by the University. 2. Applicants may simultaneously fill applications for more than one undergraduate program, however, they may be matriculated in only one undergraduate degree program at a ti me. Students requesting to change from one field of study to another must submit a request for change of major as stipulated in AC-U-05. 3. Students are only eligible for admission to undergraduate programs that begin classes at the start of the Fall term. Exceptions may be granted by the Provost. 119 4. Deferrals are not permitted for undergraduate students. Any student who wishes to delay the start of their program by one year must submit an application for admission to the program for the next academic year. 5. Students who have applied for admission and want to re-apply the following year will need to resubmit their application and all supporting documents. This condition applies to all categories of applicants (incomplete file, denied admission, admitted). 6. All admission decisions at HBKU are final. Appeals will not be considered. Applicants who are not admitted and wish to re-apply may do so the following year. 7. High school applicants must satisfy the following: a. Earned a general secondary school certificate or its equivalent from a recognized high school. Applicants are expected to have at least three years of high school mathematics and science; b. Minimum GPA of 2.5 or equivalent on the final high school year. Applicants must submit final transcripts of all high school years that are available at the time of application. Transcripts in languages other than Arabic or English must be accompanied with an official translation. To be considered official, a transcript must bear an official school seal or an original signature of a school official; c. Undergraduate students seeking admission in programs offered in English are expected to demonstrate their English proficiency. Applicants must earn a minimum TOEFL score of 79 or equivalent, taken within the last two years; d. Submit standardized test results (SAT or ACT); e. Submit a personal statement that explains why the student is applying for the undergraduate major in the program being applied for and how their participation in the program will contribute to their future goals (500-word limit); f. Submit two letters of recommendation, including one from the school counselor (if the school has one) and one from a teacher in a field associated with the area of study; g. Submit a résumé/CV detailing academic and extracurricular achievements such as honors, awards, leadership achievements, volunteer work, athletic involvement or any other relevant activities. Applicants are highly encouraged to mention their hobbies and personal talents; h. New students at HBKU may be eligible for advanced standing credit based on Advanced Placement (AP) Examinations, International Baccalaureate Examinations (IB), or GCE Advanced-Level Examinations (A-Levels). Other sources may also qualify for advanced standing credit as determined by each college. Awarded credits will not be used in the calculation of the GPA and will bear a "transfer credit" designation (TC); i. Meet program-specific criteria. 8. Transfer applicants must satisfy the following: a. All requirements of the high school applicant; b. Applicants may apply for exemption from the English proficiency requirements if they complete a minimum of 30 credit hours (or equivalent) at an institution where English is the medium of instruction; c. Have completed a minimum of six credit hours at a recognized institution with a minimum GPA of 3.0 or higher on a scale of 4.0; d. Academic credit earned at former institution may be considered for transfer in accordance with the credit transfer policy. The maximum transferable credit must not exceed 50% of the required credit of the intended program of study; e. Students who were dismissed for misconduct from the institution where they formerly studied will not be considered for admission. 9. HBKU may admit visiting applicants who must satisfy the following: a. All relevant requirements of the high school applicant; b. Applicants must be admitted to a recognized institute and be in good academic standing with a GPA not less than 2.5 on a scale of 4.0; c. Applicants who have been admitted but not yet enrolled in a recognized institution and seek to take courses at HBKU must provide evidence of admission; d. The maximum allowable credit to be taken at HBKU on a visiting basis must not exceed 50% of the required credits of the program of study. 10. HBKU may admit non-degree applicants who must satisfy the following: 120 a. All relevant requirements of the high school applicant; b. Have earned an undergraduate degree from a recognized institution with a minimum GPA of 2.5 on a scale of 4.0. English proficiency requirements may be waived if the undergraduate program was taught fully in English; c. The maximum allowable credit to be taken at HBKU on a non-degree basis must not exceed 50% of the required credits of the program of study; d. Students may apply completed coursework on non-degree basis towards a second bachelor's degree. All second degree admission requirements apply. 11. Applicants who seek admission for a second bachelor's degree must satisfy the following: a. All relevant requirements of the high school applicant; b. Have earned an undergraduate degree from a recognized institution with a minimum GPA of 2.5; c. Must pursue a different major than that of the former degree. 12. Preliminary evaluation of all applicants will be performed by two reviewers from the Office of Enrollment. The admissions committee will make the final admission decision. 13. Some applicants who demonstrate strong potential but for whom the admissions committee requires further information will have their applications placed on hold until the applicant has provided that information. Some examples may include: interviews, retaking a standardized test, and providing additional information regarding significant changes in the academic record. 14. Applicants who are approved for admission to the program will be provided with an acceptance letter signed by the Provost or designee (in the following order: Dean, Associate Provost or Admission Officer). Applicants who are denied admission will be notified by email. The acceptance offer is only valid for the Fall semester in which the applicant was admitted. Those whose offer of admission has lapsed must submit a new application to be reconsidered for admission at a later date, with prior approval. 15. Applicants who demonstrate very high potential but have been identified by the admissions committee as being potentially at risk may be granted conditional admission based on the following: o Students must take a math placement test before the beginning of the first semester. Students who pass this placement test will then be allowed to enroll and register for classes; o Students who are conditionally admitted must achieve a cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of at least 2.5 on a scale of 4.0, with the completion of a minimum of 24 credit hours in registered courses. If the student meets all requirements and attains a cumulative GPA of at least 2.5, the provisional condition will be removed from the student's record. The Registrar shall send a written confirmation indicating the removal of the conditional qualifier. 16. All documents sent in support of admission, including past academic records, become part of the official student record and can neither be returned nor duplicated for any purpose. It is the student's responsibility to maintain copies for personal use. Admission credentials are retained for 12 months. At the end of the 12 months, the documents may be destroyed if applicants do not register for courses; have been denied admission; do not respond to requests for additional information; or fail to submit complete applications. 17. Students who are admitted to HBKU must submit the enrollment form, pay a deposit and ensure that all of the following documents are submitted to the Office of Student Recruitment: • Official copies of all standardized test scores or language waiver (if applicable); • Original copies of transcripts. Transcripts must contain the official high school seal and confirm that the student has graduated; • All admitted students will be required to take a placement test in math and English. This test will determine which first-year English and Math courses they will be enrolled in. 3. RESPONSIBILITY/SOURCE/AUTHORITY This policy and accompanying procedures were developed by the Office of the Provost, reviewed and endorsed by the University Academic Programs and Studies Committee and endorsed by the Provost and the University President and approved by the BOT. 121 This policy assigns the implementation of this process to the HBKU Office of Student Recruitment in collaboration with appropriate college committees and deans. 3. 1 COMMUNITY SHOULD KNOW THIS POLICY President, Provost, Vice Presidents, Deans, Program Coordinators, Directors, Faculty, Students 4. Updates SUMMARY OF CHANGES Date Section Change 1 June 2008 Language requirements Requirement for transfer student changed from 3 credits of communications with a "C" to 6 credits with a "B" 5. ACCOMPANYING PROCEDURE 122 Applicant Evaluation Form for Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Note: Applicants who do not meet minimum university requirements cannot be admitted. If the College wishes to consider someone from this group for admission, they must seek approval from the Provost. Weight figures provided are suggestions and may vary by College and Program Full name (First, Middle, Last) Banner ID Nationality Residence High School name & average Did the applicant attend Academic Bridge Program? YES (years attended): NO Standardized tests results TOEFL R: L: S: W: T: IELTS L: R: W: S: O: ACT E: M: R: S: C: W: SAT CR: M: W: Does Applicant Meet Min. Univ. Requirements? YES NO FOUNDATION Evaluation Below Expectation Just barely meets expectations/ Consider for Foundation Meets Expectations Above Expectations Exceeds Expectations Weight Score 0 10 20 30 40 Academic Transcript Below C+ overall average with below B in Math Below B overall average with below B- Math Taking lower level or remedial math B-/C+ overall average with below B+/B in Math B+/B overall with B/B- in Math Math course not advanced B/B- overall average with A-/B+ in Math A-/B+ overall average with B+/B in Math Math course not advanced A-/B+ overall average with A+/A in Math A+/A overall average with A-/B+ in Math Taking most advanced math courses available at the school A/A+ overall average with A's in Math Taking most advanced math courses available at the school /1 English Proficiency TOEFL below 60 IELTS below 6.0 TOEFL between 60 and 78 IELTS: 6.0 TOEFL between 7993 IELTS: 6.5 TOEFL: between 94 and 101 IELTS: 7.0 TOEFL: 102 or above IELTS: 7.5 or above / 2 Standardized Tests Below 20 on ACT Math 20-22 on ACT Math 23- 24 on ACT Math 25-27 on ACT Math 28 and above on ACT Math / 2 Below 480 on SAT Math 480-530 on SAT Math 540 - 560 on SAT Math 570- 620 on SAT Math 630 and above on SAT Math Evaluation 0 20 30 40 Essay -Unclear ideas with no evidence of analytical skills -Thoughts are not structured and lots of grammar errors -Fairly clear ideas with some evidence of analytical skills -Thoughts are reasonably structured and presented with quite a few grammar or punctuation errors -Clear ideas with evidence of analytical skills -Thoughts are structured properly and clearly presented with very few grammar or punctuation errors - Very clear ideas with strong evidence of analytical skills and intellectual curiosity -Thoughts are well structured and evidently presented with no grammar or punctuation errors / 4 Rec letters Uninformative Limited information about the applicant's analytical abilities and potentials for undergraduate study Good appreciation of the candidate's analytical abilities and potentials for undergraduate study High appreciation of the candidate's analytical abilities and potentials for undergraduate study / 8 E.C activities No participation in extracurricular activities, no evidence of hobbies Some evidence of extracurricular activities Evidence of extracurricular activities hobbies, or other opportunities that shows their interests Strong evidence of extracurricular activities, hobbies, or other opportunities that shows their interests / 8 Overall Rating & Comments 123 6. ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS