Loading component... How to apply as an international student We're excited to welcome you to our world top 100 university (QS 2027) in the vibrant city of Perth, Western Australia. Follow our general guide on how to apply as an international student for undergraduate or postgraduate courses. If you are an international student who would like to apply through an agent, find an authorised agent near you. Apply now Apply via an agent How to apply Begin your application with our easy step-by-step guide. Loading component... Next steps You're required to make your own travel and student visa arrangements. UWA's overseas representatives can help with these arrangements if you need any additional advice or assistance. In some countries, student visas can be obtained electronically. Find an agent Explore entry pathways Important dates You can apply to UWA up to two years before your intended start date. Please note that some courses may not be available to international students. For detailed information, refer to your chosen course page. Application dates Loading component... Need some help? Get in touch View FAQs View our Frequently Asked Questions for all UWA-related queries. Visit AskUWA Domestic students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry 131 UWA (131 892) International students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry +61 8 6488 1000 Visit UWA Visit the Future Students Centre between 9.00am-4.00pm, Monday to Friday, or book an appointment. Book appointment View campus map Loading component... Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information Login All UWA Close menu Explore courses Find a course Study areas Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Show more Employer assistance Higher Degree by Research Show more Graduate Research School Researcher Development Academy Research internships Research student policies Robert street prize Assured Pathways Short courses Show more Access UWA Access UWA non-assessed Our courses explained Close menu Discover UWA Life at UWA Career opportunities Seek Wisdom Our campus UWA Albany Accommodation Open Day Events Student Exchange and Study Abroad Close menu How to apply Undergraduate applicants Show more Honours HMS pre-enrolment Psychology honours application music auditions Postgraduate applicants Research applicants International applicants Pathways and eligibility Show more Entry standards Australian and New Zealand high school qualifications English language requirements International baccalaureate Accept your offer Defer your offer Close menu Scholarships and fees Calculate your fees International student fees Domestic student fees Scholarships Show more Financial status Community scholarships UWA Foundation Fogarty Scholarship UWA winthrop scholarship Westpac future leaders scholarship HDR scholarships Accommodation scholarships and bursaries International scholarships Close menu Support information Contacts and enquiries International students Show more Materials for international students Moving to Perth Find a UWA representative Chat to a student Indigenous students Regional students Parents and guardians High schools and career advisors Close menu Close menu How can we help you? Clear Search Popular searches Courses Admissions Research Did you mean... Close menu English Chinese Close menu Login English All UWA Menu Search Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information UWA Study How to apply International applicants Choose your course Choosing what to study is a personal choice and we'd encourage you to select what interests you. When choosing your course, you should consider the following: Admission requirements including any additional requirements such as admissions tests and interviews. Certain courses (such as medicine and other health courses) may also contain inherent requirements that you must meet during your course of study. These requirements will be listed on the course page where relevant. The fees and expenses you will incur when you study at UWA. Some courses have earlier closing dates and will be listed on the relevant course pages. Once you've decided on what course you'd like to apply for, note the course name and code for your application. You can find this on the course page under course details. Explore study areas Find a course Check entry requirements To be eligible for entry into UWA, you will need to demonstrate that you: Meet our English language requirements . Please note that some courses may have higher English language requirements. Meet any prerequisites for your course. For undergraduate students, some majors have certain prerequisites which must be met before you can receive an offer. Check individual major pages for more information. Have studied or completed a recognised qualification to meet our academic requirements. Explore other entry pathways for international students Prepare your supporting documents and finances Supporting documentation You'll need to prepare the following supporting documents for your application: A copy of your academic results A copy of your English test results A copy of your passport Any additional documentation required for your chosen course Please ensure that all scanned documents are clear, easy to read and in full colour. Finances It's important to have considered the fees and expenses you will incur when you study at UWA. Please ensure you have reviewed the tuition fees and any ancillary fees prior to applying. If you are moving to Perth to study, you will also need to review the cost of living. International students applying directly to UWA and agents applying on behalf of students to study at UWA will need to pay a non-refundable fee of $150. The application will not be processed until the Application Fee has been charged successfully. Scholarships UWA offers a wide range of scholarships to international students from across the globe including the Global Excellence Scholarship . When you submit an application to study with us, you'll be automatically considered for a Global Excellence Scholarship. This significant scholarship is awarded to high-achieving undergraduate and postgraduate students, from selected countries, who apply for particular courses at the University. Some scholarships may require a separate application. Fees and expenses Apply online Once you've prepared for your application, you can apply direct online through the UWA Application Portal or through an agent. Our global network of agents can help with your application to UWA, provide advice on life in Perth, as well as assist with obtaining a visa. Once you've applied, you can track the progress of your application in the UWA Application Portal. If additional information is required: Admissions will contact you to process your application. You can upload any additional documentation to your application via the applicant portal. If you have applied for a course that requires an interview, Admissions will contact you close to the interview period. If you have elected to be considered for any credit or advanced standing, this will be reviewed by the Admissions team. This does not preclude you from applying for additional advanced standing after enrolment. Information supplied to the University's application system is collected and stored in line with the UWA Privacy Statement . Apply now via UWA Apply Find an international agent Accept your offer You'll receive the outcome of your application via email. If your application is successful, you'll receive an offer letter or a conditional offer letter if more steps are required via email. Your initial offer letter will include a link to explore UWA accommodation options . We recommend starting your research and applying early, as spots are in high demand. To respond to your offer, you can log in to UWA Apply or click the 'accept' button in your offer letter email. You may be required to submit scans or clear photographs of any requested documents, agree to the terms and conditions of studying at UWA and then make your first payment. Please note that all offers have an acceptance expiry date listed. If you do not accept by this date your offer will lapse. Accept your offer UWA accommodation options Domestic and onshore 2026 2027 Apply for Semester 1 by Apply for Semester 2 by Apply for Semester 1 by Apply for Semester 2 by Domestic and onshore 20 February 2026 17 July 2026 19 February 2027 16 July 2027 All other countries Dates are subject to change without notice and some courses have different application date requirements. 2026 2027 Apply for Semester 1 by Apply for Semester 2 by Apply for Semester 1 by Apply for Semester 2 by All other countries 19 January 2026 8 June 2026 11 January 2027 7 June 2027 Afghanistan Algeria Angola Armenia Azerbaijan Bangladesh Benin Bhutan Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Republic of Cote d'Ivoire Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau India Iran Iraq Kazakhstan Kenya Korea, Democratic People's Republic of (North) Kyrgyzstan Laos Lebanon Liberia Libya Malawi Mali Mauritania Mongolia Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Niger Nigeria Pakistan Palestine Philippines Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Sudan Sri Lanka Sudan Syria Tajikistan Tanzania Togo Tunisia Turkmenistan Uganda Uzbekistan Vietnam Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe 29 December 2025 11 May 2026 28 December 2026 24 May 2027 Back to top The University of Western Australia 35 Stirling Highway Perth WA 6009 Australia (+61 8) 6488 6000 Emergency (+61 8) 6488 2222 CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University Accessibility Jobs Staff portal Ask UWA Privacy Terms of use Australia 中文 The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge. Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM Indigenous Portfolio Facebook instagram X Youtube LinkedIn This page XMC Item ID: 282e9f12-81ce-41c4-a66d-7a988aa38574