Loading component... How to apply for an undergraduate course Ready to take the next step towards your future? Follow our general guide on applying for a bachelor's degree as a domestic applicant. Apply now Enquire How to apply Choose your course Choosing what to study is a personal choice and we'd encourage you to select what interests you. Explore study areas Find a course Are you considering honours? Find out if you're eligible and how to apply Apply for honours Check entry requirements Entry to most courses is assessed on your ATAR or equivalent , as well as English language requirements . For some courses there are additional entry requirements and/or prerequisites. Choose your entry pathway Not sure if you will meet the entry requirements? There are many ways to join UWA - choose the entry pathway that suits you best. Explore entry pathways Apply online Once you've selected your pathway, you can apply online. Application open and close dates apply to some courses. Depending on the type of applicant you are, you will either apply direct to UWA or through the Tertiary Institutions Service Centre (TISC) . Year 12 school leavers All current year 12 school leaver applications should be submitted through TISC . This include early offers applications. Follow the TISC applying online guide for detailed steps on the process. Non-school leavers and year 12 international students Create a profile in UWA Apply and login to get started Select your course, entry pathway and upload supporting documents Save or submit your application Apply direct Apply through TISC Accept your offer You'll receive the outcome of your application via email. If your application is successful, you can login to UWA Apply to accept your offer. Accept your offer MAKE A MARK, SOONER Applications are open! Apply now to secure your place at UWA and start planning your future. Apply now Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information Login All UWA Close menu Explore courses Find a course Study areas Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Show more Employer assistance Higher Degree by Research Show more Graduate Research School Researcher Development Academy Research internships Research student policies Robert street prize Assured Pathways Short courses Show more Access UWA Access UWA non-assessed Our courses explained Close menu Discover UWA Life at UWA Career opportunities Seek Wisdom Our campus UWA Albany Accommodation Open Day Events Student Exchange and Study Abroad Close menu How to apply Undergraduate applicants Show more Honours HMS pre-enrolment Psychology honours application music auditions Postgraduate applicants Research applicants International applicants Pathways and eligibility Show more Entry standards Australian and New Zealand high school qualifications English language requirements International baccalaureate Accept your offer Defer your offer Close menu Scholarships and fees Calculate your fees International student fees Domestic student fees Scholarships Show more Financial status Community scholarships UWA Foundation Fogarty Scholarship UWA winthrop scholarship Westpac future leaders scholarship HDR scholarships Accommodation scholarships and bursaries International scholarships Close menu Support information Contacts and enquiries International students Show more Materials for international students Moving to Perth Find a UWA representative Chat to a student Indigenous students Regional students Parents and guardians High schools and career advisors Close menu Close menu How can we help you? Clear Search Popular searches Courses Admissions Research Did you mean... Close menu English Chinese Close menu Login English All UWA Menu Search Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information UWA Study How to apply Undergraduate Are you an international student? Applying to UWA is for international applicants. Find out what you need to do to get started. Entry pathways There are many ways to start your journey at UWA. Explore our entry pathways and find the right fit for you. Important dates Staying on top of key dates is essential when applying to UWA. From application opening and closing dates to offer release periods and enrolment deadlines, knowing what's coming up helps you plan with confidence. Be sure to check the schedule relevant to your course and applicant type so you don't miss a thing. UWA application dates and teaching periods TISC important dates for school leavers Need some help? Get in touch View FAQs View our Frequently Asked Questions for all UWA-related queries. Visit AskUWA Domestic students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry 131 UWA (131 892) International students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry +61 8 6488 1000 Visit UWA Visit the Future Students Centre between 9.00am-4.00pm, Monday to Friday, or book an appointment. Book appointment View campus map Back to top The University of Western Australia 35 Stirling Highway Perth WA 6009 Australia (+61 8) 6488 6000 Emergency (+61 8) 6488 2222 CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University Accessibility Jobs Staff portal Ask UWA Privacy Terms of use Australia 中文 The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge. Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM Indigenous Portfolio Facebook instagram X Youtube LinkedIn This page XMC Item ID: 82e7ccd3-9eec-47d5-8d5e-5d4c548be1a6