Loading component... How to apply Learn how to apply to UWA and take the first step towards your degree. Explore your entry pathways, understand the qualifications you'll need, and get clear guidance to start your application today. Find out how to apply Apply now, or choose your application type below and see the step-by-step process for applying to UWA. No page sections found for navigation. Are you an international student? Applying to UWA is different from domestic applications. Find out what you need to get started. Not sure where to start? Find out more about our range of available pathways and how to meet eligibility for entry before you apply. Ready to apply? Applications are open! Apply now to secure your place at UWA and start planning your future. Undergraduate applications Ready to begin your university journey? Start here if you're applying for an undergraduate university degree. University preparation program students There's a path for you at UWA. Our university preparation programs help you achieve entry while building the skills and confidence to succeed in your degree. Undergraduate students Applying for an undergraduate degree? No matter your career goals, you'll find a course that's the right fit for you. Postgraduate applications Ready to create impact in your field? Start here to advance your career, change direction or deepen your expertise. Loading component... Studying abroad or transferring Start here if you're studying at another university and want to transfer to UWA, want to study abroad as part of your degree, or are looking to join us from overseas. Loading component... Next steps Take the next step in your UWA application. Confirm your offer, pick up where you left off, or defer your enrolment if needed. Loading component... Scholarships and fees Learn more about our wide range of scholarships and financial assistance options, as well as how to find out your associated course fees and study costs. Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information Login All UWA Close menu Explore courses Find a course Study areas Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Show more Employer assistance Higher Degree by Research Show more Graduate Research School Researcher Development Academy Research internships Research student policies Robert street prize Assured Pathways Short courses Show more Access UWA Access UWA non-assessed Our courses explained Close menu Discover UWA Life at UWA Career opportunities Seek Wisdom Our campus UWA Albany Accommodation Open Day Events Student Exchange and Study Abroad Close menu How to apply Undergraduate applicants Show more Honours HMS pre-enrolment Psychology honours application music auditions Postgraduate applicants Research applicants International applicants Pathways and eligibility Show more Entry standards Australian and New Zealand high school qualifications English language requirements International baccalaureate Accept your offer Defer your offer Close menu Scholarships and fees Calculate your fees International student fees Domestic student fees Scholarships Show more Financial status Community scholarships UWA Foundation Fogarty Scholarship UWA winthrop scholarship Westpac future leaders scholarship HDR scholarships Accommodation scholarships and bursaries International scholarships Close menu Support information Contacts and enquiries International students Show more Materials for international students Moving to Perth Find a UWA representative Chat to a student Indigenous students Regional students Parents and guardians High schools and career advisors Close menu Close menu How can we help you? Clear Search Popular searches Courses Admissions Research Did you mean... Close menu English Chinese Close menu Login English All UWA Menu Search Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information UWA Study How to apply Postgraduate students Whether you're looking to develop your skills or change jobs completely, a postgraduate degree will take your career to the next level. Honours students Take your studies to the next level with advanced learning and a research project that builds on your knowledge. Research students Study a research degree and make a lasting impact by turning your knowledge into action. Transferring to UWA Continue your studies at UWA and take the next step towards your future. Student Exchange or Study Abroad Join a vibrant international community and enrich your education by studying part of your degree at UWA. Cross institutional study Currently studying at another university? You can complete some units at UWA and broaden your academic experience. Scroll to 'How to enrol' and select 'I'm an incoming cross-institutional student' to get started. Continue your application Resume and complete your application via the Apply Portal if you're applying directly to UWA. Accept your offer Received your offer to study with us? If you're ready to accept, we're excited to welcome you. Visit accept your offer and secure your place. Or find out how to create a UWA Account if you don't have on yet. Defer your offer Congratulations! You've applied for and been offered a position to study with us at UWA. If for some reason you need to defer your offer you can do so via the Apply Portal before the deadline indicated in your offer. Already a student? Apply for study abroad Studying abroad is a unique chance to travel, experience new cultures and see the world from a whole new perspective, one that will help you stand out in your career. Discover where UWA can take you today. Find out how to apply for study aboard . Scholarships Achieve more with the support of a UWA scholarship. Explore opportunities that can help you reach your goals. Fees and financial assistance We're here to help you plan with confidence. Explore fee information, payment options and the support available to make study more manageable. Calculate your tuition fees Whether you're a current or prospective domestic or international student, you can use this tool to calculate your estimated annual course costs Sign up to hear from us Stay up-to-date with the latest information about studying at UWA including, our courses and career pathways, events and webinars and so much more! Register your details Need some help? Get in touch View FAQs View our Frequently Asked Questions for all UWA-related queries. Visit AskUWA Domestic students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry 131 UWA (131 892) International students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry +61 8 6488 1000 Visit UWA Visit the Future Students Centre between 9.00am-4.00pm, Monday to Friday, or book an appointment. Book appointment View campus map Back to top The University of Western Australia 35 Stirling Highway Perth WA 6009 Australia (+61 8) 6488 6000 Emergency (+61 8) 6488 2222 CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University Accessibility Jobs Staff portal Ask UWA Privacy Terms of use Australia 中文 The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge. Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM Indigenous Portfolio Facebook instagram X Youtube LinkedIn This page XMC Item ID: 67635102-0adc-456f-95f0-00649dcc6fa0