Loading component... Entry pathways for international students We know that everyone's education journey is different. Whether you're coming straight from high school or a partner university, completing a foundation or diploma program, need to boost your English language skills, or don't quite meet our academic requirements, we've got a pathway to help you start your life-changing experience in Perth, Western Australia. Apply now Apply via an agent International entry requirements To be eligible to study at UWA, you will need to demonstrate that you meet our English Language and academic requirements. English Language Competency Since English is the language of instruction and assessment at UWA, you'll need to meet our English language requirements to secure a place in your chosen course. View English Language requirements Academic requirements UWA accepts a wide range of overseas secondary education qualifications for entry into our undergraduate degrees. You'll need to meet UWA's minimum entry score, as well as any specific prerequisites for your chosen course. You can find prerequisite details on each major's webpage. Explore International and overseas qualifications Pathway options Foundation programs Foundation programs give you the skills and confidence to transition smoothly into your first year of university. They're designed to build a strong academic base and prepare you for success in your chosen degree. Loading component... Diploma programs By successfully completing an approved Diploma program, you can secure entry into the second year of a UWA bachelor's degree. UWA College diploma programs UWA College Diploma programs prepare you for entry into the second year of a range of UWA bachelor's degrees. You'll receive academic and English support to help you succeed, allowing you to complete a UWA bachelor's degree in the standard number of years. Depending on what UWA undergraduate degree you wish to pursue, you can choose from: Diploma in Commerce Diploma in Computer and Data Science Diploma in Engineering The length of your program will be determined by your English language proficiency and academic results. Find out more Canning College Diploma of Commerce The Diploma of Commerce is equivalent to the first year of a Bachelor of Commerce at UWA. Find out more Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information Login All UWA Close menu Explore courses Find a course Study areas Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Show more Employer assistance Higher Degree by Research Show more Graduate Research School Researcher Development Academy Research internships Research student policies Robert street prize Assured Pathways Short courses Show more Access UWA Access UWA non-assessed Our courses explained Close menu Discover UWA Life at UWA Career opportunities Seek Wisdom Our campus UWA Albany Accommodation Open Day Events Student Exchange and Study Abroad Close menu How to apply Undergraduate applicants Show more Honours HMS pre-enrolment Psychology honours application music auditions Postgraduate applicants Research applicants International applicants Pathways and eligibility Show more Entry standards Australian and New Zealand high school qualifications English language requirements International baccalaureate Accept your offer Defer your offer Close menu Scholarships and fees Calculate your fees International student fees Domestic student fees Scholarships Show more Financial status Community scholarships UWA Foundation Fogarty Scholarship UWA winthrop scholarship Westpac future leaders scholarship HDR scholarships Accommodation scholarships and bursaries International scholarships Close menu Support information Contacts and enquiries International students Show more Materials for international students Moving to Perth Find a UWA representative Chat to a student Indigenous students Regional students Parents and guardians High schools and career advisors Close menu Close menu How can we help you? Clear Search Popular searches Courses Admissions Research Did you mean... Close menu English Chinese Close menu Login English All UWA Menu Search Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information UWA Study How to apply Pathways and eligibility Entry pathways International Student Pathways UWA Foundation Program The UWA Foundation Program is delivered by UWA College and is designed specifically for international students. This program will help you improve your subject knowledge and English language skills so you can progress to the first year of your bachelor's degree at UWA. The length of your Foundation program will be determined by your English language level and academic results. Find out more Western Australian Universities Foundation Program The WA Universities Foundation Program (WAUFP) is owned by Western Australia's four public universities and is delivered by Canning College and several AngliSchools International schools. If you successfully complete the program with the required score, you'll be guaranteed a place in an undergraduate degree at UWA. Find out more Northern Consortium United Kingdoms International Foundation Year The Northern Consortium United Kingdom (NCUK) Foundation Year combines academic modules, study skills and English language training to provide a pathway into first-year entry at leading universities, including UWA. Find out more Group of Eight universities foundation programs You can complete a foundation program delivered by another Group of Eight university to prepare for UWA studies, subject to meeting our entry requirements. Find out more International Foundation Course in University Studies We accept students who have successfully completed a UWA recognised International Foundation Course, including the following: Aceleader Education Group (AIAC) Foundation Program Bachelor Qualifying Program (BQP) Melbourne College of Advanced Studies (MCAS) Beijing Foreign Studies University, Global Higher Education Cornerstone Courses (GHCC) Beijing Foreign Studies University, School of English and International Studies (SEIS), International Foundation Programme East China University of Political Science and Law Foundation Program East and West International Education (EWIE) International Foundation Certificate (IFC) INTO International Foundation Programme Kings Advanced Level Foundation NCC Education Level 3 International Foundation Diploma for Higher Education Studies Saudi Aramco College Preparatory Program (CPP) Study Group International Foundation Programs University of South Pacific Foundation English pathways The UWA Centre for English Language Teaching (UWA CELT) offers pathways to international students who do not yet have the required level of English language proficiency for their course. UWA CELT offers courses from beginner to advanced levels, and you'll be assigned to classes based on your goals and level of language ability. Learn more about CELT Credit transfer or advanced standing UWA may grant you academic credit for study at another tertiary institution or college if the subjects completed are equivalent in content and standard to those taught at UWA and are relevant to your chosen course. UWA has pre-approved credit arrangements in place with a number of polytechnics and other educational institutions, in the areas of architecture, business, engineering, computer science and life and physical sciences. Find out more Need some help? Get in touch View FAQs View our Frequently Asked Questions for all UWA-related queries. Visit AskUWA Domestic students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry 131 UWA (131 892) International students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry +61 8 6488 1000 Visit UWA Visit the Future Students Centre between 9.00am-4.00pm, Monday to Friday, or book an appointment. Book appointment View campus map Back to top The University of Western Australia 35 Stirling Highway Perth WA 6009 Australia (+61 8) 6488 6000 Emergency (+61 8) 6488 2222 CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University Accessibility Jobs Staff portal Ask UWA Privacy Terms of use Australia 中文 The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge. Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM Indigenous Portfolio Facebook instagram X Youtube LinkedIn This page XMC Item ID: eae37e96-f780-4eb8-b50e-47dd002c41ff