Loading component... International student fees Understanding university course fees as an international student can sometimes be confusing, but we're here to make the process easier for you. Here is all the important information you need to know about international student course fees when you choose to study with us at UWA. Tuition fees Calculating international student fees International Onshore Undergraduate and Postgraduate Coursework Students The amount you will need to pay as an international student for tuition fees depends on the course of study and your enrolment. New students can refer to their Acceptance of Offer Contract and once enrolled, their Statement of Account for an indication of total tuition fees. Tuition fees are reviewed annually and are subject to increase, as outlined in the UWA Acceptance Contract, so please keep this in mind too. Please see Fee Calculator for the annual course charges. International Onshore Higher Degree by Research Students International students will need to pay tuition fees unless sponsored or awarded a scholarship. Please see the Fee Calculator for the annual Higher Degree Research (HDR) course charges. However, you may also be eligible for assistance under the Commonwealth Government's Research Training Program (RTP). International onshore students admitted to a HDR under the RTP are eligible for a RTP fees offset and/or stipend. A RTP fees offset pays for the tuition fees for the duration of the course, up to a maximum of four years full-time equivalent study for a doctorate by research and two years full-time equivalent study for a master's by research. A RTP stipend assists HDR students with their living costs while undertaking a HDR course. Stipend scholarships to support living expenses are available during the International Scholarship Round. More information can be found on the HDR scholarships page. Payment of international student fees All international students are offered as full fee-paying places. You will receive a Statement of Account for each teaching period you enrol in with a due date. Missing a due date may result in a late fee. We understand that circumstances may change, so international students can apply for a refund of fees provided that they meet certain conditions. You can find out more about the UWA fee calculator here . Application Processing Fee International students applying directly to UWA and agents applying on behalf of students to study at UWA will need to pay a non-refundable fee of $150. The application will not be processed until the Application Fee has been charged successfully. Student Services and Amenities Fee (SSAF) At UWA, a compulsory Student Services and Amenities Fee (SSAF) is payable for each year or part-year of your study. This fee is used to improve the quality and quantity of services to all students. An electronic SSAF Statement of Account notification fee will be sent to your UWA student email address each semester following your enrolment. Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) The Department of Home Affairs requires all international students to have Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) for the whole duration of their student visa. This is an insurance to help you meet the costs of any medical care you will need when studying in Australia and will be required from the time you arrive. You may obtain OSHC from the provider of your choice but UWA's preferred provider for all international students is Medibank. On acceptance and payment of your offer, UWA can arrange health cover with Medibank for the duration of your student visa if required. Cost of living in Perth As an international student, you will also need to factor in the costs for living in Perth, for the duration of your studies. This includes accommodation, groceries, travel, bills, textbooks and fun! Find out more about the cost of living in Australia here . You may be interested in Loading component... International scholarships UWA offers scholarships to international students from across the globe, to encourage you to pursue excellence in your studies and assist with the costs along the way. View International scholarships Loading component... Loading component... Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information Login All UWA Close menu Explore courses Find a course Study areas Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Show more Employer assistance Higher Degree by Research Show more Graduate Research School Researcher Development Academy Research internships Research student policies Robert street prize Assured Pathways Short courses Show more Access UWA Access UWA non-assessed Our courses explained Close menu Discover UWA Life at UWA Career opportunities Seek Wisdom Our campus UWA Albany Accommodation Open Day Events Student Exchange and Study Abroad Close menu How to apply Undergraduate applicants Show more Honours HMS pre-enrolment Psychology honours application music auditions Postgraduate applicants Research applicants International applicants Pathways and eligibility Show more Entry standards Australian and New Zealand high school qualifications English language requirements International baccalaureate Accept your offer Defer your offer Close menu Scholarships and fees Calculate your fees International student fees Domestic student fees Scholarships Show more Financial status Community scholarships UWA Foundation Fogarty Scholarship UWA winthrop scholarship Westpac future leaders scholarship HDR scholarships Accommodation scholarships and bursaries International scholarships Close menu Support information Contacts and enquiries International students Show more Materials for international students Moving to Perth Find a UWA representative Chat to a student Indigenous students Regional students Parents and guardians High schools and career advisors Close menu Close menu How can we help you? Clear Search Popular searches Courses Admissions Research Did you mean... Close menu English Chinese Close menu Login English All UWA Menu Search Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information UWA Study Scholarships and fees International student fees Fees FAQs View the latest Frequently Asked Questions regarding student fees on askUWA. International scholarships Explore a range of scholarships available to UWA students. Find out what you're eligible for and take the next step towards your future. Ready to apply? Applications are open! Apply now to secure your place at UWA and start planning your future. Need some help? Get in touch View FAQs View our Frequently Asked Questions for all UWA-related queries. Visit AskUWA Domestic students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry 131 UWA (131 892) International students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry +61 8 6488 1000 Visit UWA Visit the Future Students Centre between 9.00am-4.00pm, Monday to Friday, or book an appointment. Book appointment View campus map Back to top The University of Western Australia 35 Stirling Highway Perth WA 6009 Australia (+61 8) 6488 6000 Emergency (+61 8) 6488 2222 CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University Accessibility Jobs Staff portal Ask UWA Privacy Terms of use Australia 中文 The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge. Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM Indigenous Portfolio Facebook instagram X Youtube LinkedIn This page XMC Item ID: 94509f5a-5c66-48e4-9667-30c4f8b50b66