Loading component... Scholarships for international students At UWA, we offer a range of scholarships to international students from across the globe, to recognise your ambition and potential, and ease costs along the way. Explore featured scholarships Loading component... Other international student scholarships Singapore Polytechnic Scholarship The Polytechnic Scholarship supports students who have completed a diploma at a Singapore Polytechnic and are ready to unlock their potential at UWA. If you're looking to begin your studies in 2027, you could receive 25%* off your tuition fees for select undergraduate courses at UWA. Learn more Higher Degree by Research Scholarships UWA offers scholarships to support Australia's research efforts and enabling you to make a real impact through your research studies. These scholarships can help cover tuition fees, living costs, travel, research expenses and relocation. Learn more Forrest Research Foundation PhD Scholarships Awarded to outstanding international students, completing a PhD at a Western Australian university. The Forrest Scholarship package is valued at more than AUD $50,000*, including a stipend, accommodation at Forrest Hall, and a research and travel allowance. Learn more UWA also offers a range of scholarships for prospective international students studying specific courses and study areas. We encourage you to explore what's available and check your eligibility. Explore all scholarships Government scholarships The Australian Government offers a wide range of scholarships to financially support international students like you, who plan to live, work and study with us in Perth, Western Australia: Western Australian Premier's University Scholarship Australian awards and sponsored students Western Australian Premier's WACE Scholarship MAKE A MARK, SOONER Applications are open! Apply now to secure your place at UWA and start planning your future. Apply now Loading component... Loading component... Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information Login All UWA Close menu Explore courses Find a course Study areas Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Show more Employer assistance Higher Degree by Research Show more Graduate Research School Researcher Development Academy Research internships Research student policies Robert street prize Assured Pathways Short courses Show more Access UWA Access UWA non-assessed Our courses explained Close menu Discover UWA Life at UWA Career opportunities Seek Wisdom Our campus UWA Albany Accommodation Open Day Events Student Exchange and Study Abroad Close menu How to apply Undergraduate applicants Show more Honours HMS pre-enrolment Psychology honours application music auditions Postgraduate applicants Research applicants International applicants Pathways and eligibility Show more Entry standards Australian and New Zealand high school qualifications English language requirements International baccalaureate Accept your offer Defer your offer Close menu Scholarships and fees Calculate your fees International student fees Domestic student fees Scholarships Show more Financial status Community scholarships UWA Foundation Fogarty Scholarship UWA winthrop scholarship Westpac future leaders scholarship HDR scholarships Accommodation scholarships and bursaries International scholarships Close menu Support information Contacts and enquiries International students Show more Materials for international students Moving to Perth Find a UWA representative Chat to a student Indigenous students Regional students Parents and guardians High schools and career advisors Close menu Close menu How can we help you? Clear Search Popular searches Courses Admissions Research Did you mean... Close menu English Chinese Close menu Login English All UWA Menu Search Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information UWA Study Scholarships and fees Scholarships International scholarships Global Excellence Scholarship The Global Excellence Scholarship backs high-achieving students like you to go further. If you're looking to start studying in 2027, you could receive up to 20% off your tuition fees for the entire duration of your chosen course, so you can stay focussed on achieving excellence in your studies. Find out more International Student Award Achieve your study and career potential with UWA's International Student Award. If you're looking to start studying in 2027, you could receive 10% off your UWA tuition fees for the entire duration of your chosen course. Find out more ASEAN Scholarship Take the next step towards your study and career goals with the new UWA ASEAN Scholarship. If you are from a Southeast Asian country, you could receive 15% off your tuition fees to support your studies. Whether you're pursuing an undergraduate or postgraduate qualification, UWA can help you achieve your ambitions. Find out more UWA Vice-Chancellor's Scholarships At UWA, our Vice-Chancellor recognises and welcomes exceptional students into a community driven to make an impact. The UWA Vice Chancellor's Scholarships support high-achieving students from around the world with 50% or 100% off UWA tuition fees , so you can focus on what matters most: your future. If you're an international student from China, Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam or an international WACE graduate and choose to study a selected degree at The University of Western Australia, you could be eligible to apply for this prestigious scholarship. Find out more Global Alumni Pathway Scholarship You've started your journey at UWA. Now take it further. The new UWA Global Alumni Pathway Scholarship provides 10% off your tuition fees for eligible UWA graduates and former study abroad or exchange students who continue or return to UWA for postgraduate studies. Whether you're advancing your expertise, changing careers or building specialist knowledge, you can come back to UWA and go further. Find out more Need some help? Get in touch View FAQs View our Frequently Asked Questions for all UWA-related queries. Visit AskUWA Domestic students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry 131 UWA (131 892) International students Open 8.30am-5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday Online enquiry +61 8 6488 1000 Visit UWA Visit the Future Students Centre between 9.00am-4.00pm, Monday to Friday, or book an appointment. Book appointment View campus map Back to top The University of Western Australia 35 Stirling Highway Perth WA 6009 Australia (+61 8) 6488 6000 Emergency (+61 8) 6488 2222 CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University Accessibility Jobs Staff portal Ask UWA Privacy Terms of use Australia 中文 The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge. Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM Indigenous Portfolio Facebook instagram X Youtube LinkedIn This page XMC Item ID: 8c8b94b4-2d00-4b81-8ad3-27db0060f2a7