Loading component... Global excellence scholarship The Global Excellence Scholarship backs high-achieving students like you to go further. Apply now On this page No page sections found for navigation. We're offering the Global Excellence Scholarship to high-achieving international students from across the globe who choose to study with us. If you're looking to start studying in 2027, you could receive up to 20%* off your tuition fees for the entire duration of your eligible undergraduate or postgraduate course. So you can stay focussed on achieving excellence in your studies and making an impact in our world. Award details The Global Excellence Scholarship is an annual tuition fee discount for the normal full-time duration of the awardee's course as specified in their letter of offer. The value of the scholarship is determined by the applicant's equivalent Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) or UWA weighted average mark (WAM). Eligibility Students from all countries are eligible. You will need to have received an offer for an eligible undergraduate or postgraduate course for 2027 at The University of Western Australia. View full terms and conditions Undergraduate eligibility To be eligible to be considered for the scholarship, a candidate must be applying for an eligible undergraduate course, combined bachelor's degree, combined bachelor's and master's degree, or Assured Pathway course. The following exclusions apply: Assured Pathway to Medicine Assured Pathway to Dental Medicine You will need to have also achieved an equivalent* of the following: minimum ATAR* 85.00 for 10% off your tuition fees minimum ATAR* 90.00 for 20% off your tuition fees *International and overseas qualifications achieved at a certain level make you eligible for this scholarship. Other programs or qualifications will be considered on an individual basis. Postgraduate eligibility To be eligible to be considered for the scholarship, a candidate must be applying for an eligible postgraduate course. The following exclusions apply: Juris Doctor (20820) Doctor of Medicine (91850) Doctor of Dental Medicine (91860) Doctor of Optometry (91590) UWA Micro-credentials You will need to have also achieved the following: minimum WAM 65.00 for 10% off your tuition fees minimum WAM 75.00 for 20% off your tuition fees Combined bachelor's and combined bachelors and master's (CBM) eligibility All combined bachelor's and combined bachelor's and master's degrees are considered eligible. How to apply The scholarship is automatically awarded to those who are eligible based on ATAR/WAM requirements. Apply now Frequently asked questions Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information Login All UWA Close menu Explore courses Find a course Study areas Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Show more Employer assistance Higher Degree by Research Show more Graduate Research School Researcher Development Academy Research internships Research student policies Robert street prize Assured Pathways Short courses Show more Access UWA Access UWA non-assessed Our courses explained Close menu Discover UWA Life at UWA Career opportunities Seek Wisdom Our campus UWA Albany Accommodation Open Day Events Student Exchange and Study Abroad Close menu How to apply Undergraduate applicants Show more Honours HMS pre-enrolment Psychology honours application music auditions Postgraduate applicants Research applicants International applicants Pathways and eligibility Show more Entry standards Australian and New Zealand high school qualifications English language requirements International baccalaureate Accept your offer Defer your offer Close menu Scholarships and fees Calculate your fees International student fees Domestic student fees Scholarships Show more Financial status Community scholarships UWA Foundation Fogarty Scholarship UWA winthrop scholarship Westpac future leaders scholarship HDR scholarships Accommodation scholarships and bursaries International scholarships Close menu Support information Contacts and enquiries International students Show more Materials for international students Moving to Perth Find a UWA representative Chat to a student Indigenous students Regional students Parents and guardians High schools and career advisors Close menu Close menu How can we help you? Clear Search Popular searches Courses Admissions Research Did you mean... Close menu English Chinese Close menu Login English All UWA Menu Search Study Explore courses Discover UWA How to apply Scholarships and fees Support information UWA Study Scholarships and fees Scholarships International scholarships Global Excellence Scholarship How do I apply for the Global Excellence Scholarship? A separate scholarship application is not required. Please submit an application to your chosen course. Our Admissions team will automatically assess your eligibility for a Global Excellence Scholarship once you provide your final transcripts. How do I find out if my current qualifications satisfy the requirements for this scholarship? The Global Excellence Scholarship will be assessed by UWA Admissions upon submission of your final academic transcript. The value of the Scholarship is determined by your equivalent Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) or UWA weighted average mark (WAM). To determine your eligibility, please submit your application to your chosen UWA course, including your final academic transcripts. What is the next step if I've been successful in obtaining this scholarship? You'll find out in your offer letter whether you've been awarded a scholarship. Once you accept your offer, tuition fees are payable each semester (twice annually). Before your payment is due, our Fees team will calculate your tuition fees and automatically apply your scholarship. Do I need to maintain a certain grade to keep this scholarship? Yes, you are required to meet certain criteria to keep this scholarship. Please refer to the Full terms and conditions [PDF 290KB] clause 13 "Criteria for Continuation" for details. I have not received my final transcripts yet - am I still eligible to be considered for the Global Excellence Scholarship? Upon receiving your application to study at UWA, our Admissions team assesses your eligibility for your chosen degree - this can be based on your predicted/incomplete results. However, eligibility for the Global Excellence Scholarship can only be assessed once we receive your final transcripts. If we have not received your final transcripts, Admissions may issue a conditional offer letter without a Scholarship attached. After you submit your final transcripts, Admissions will take one of the following actions: If you have not accepted your conditional offer and your final transcripts meet the Scholarship criteria, Admissions will send you a new offer that includes the Scholarship. If you have accepted your conditional offer (and made the initial payment) and your final transcripts meet the Scholarship criteria, Admissions will provide you with a Scholarship contract to sign. The Scholarship amount for that semester will then be credited to your student account. Am I eligible for the Global Excellence Scholarship if I'm successful for another UWA funded scholarship? The Global Excellence Scholarship may not be held concurrently with any other UWA issued tuition fee reduction, academic scholarship or award. Students who have not yet provided their final transcripts and are awarded the International Student Award will be assessed for Global Excellence Scholarship upon submission of final academic transcripts. Admissions will award the scholarship with the highest value that the student is eligible for. I have received the Global Excellence Scholarship for 2027. If I defer my offer to commence for 2028 intake, will I still receive the scholarship? The Global Excellence Scholarship is in place for 2027 - 2029 intakes, so you can defer your commencement to 2028 with confidence that your scholarship and place at UWA is there for when you are ready to join us. Courses and entry requirements Chat with our current international students Find an international agent Need some help? Get in touch Vist askUWA View our Frequently Asked Questions for all UWA-related queries. askUWA Send an enquiry Contact our friendly Future Students Centre by submitting an online enquiry Send enquiry Call us Open 8.30am - 5.00pm (AWST) Monday to Friday +61 8 6488 1000 Unibuddy Chat with a current international student Unibuddy Back to top The University of Western Australia 35 Stirling Highway Perth WA 6009 Australia (+61 8) 6488 6000 Emergency (+61 8) 6488 2222 CRICOS 00126G | PRV12169, Australian University Accessibility Jobs Staff portal Ask UWA Privacy Terms of use Australia 中文 The University of Western Australia acknowledges all the Traditional Owners of lands across Australia, including the Whadjuk Noongar people at the Boorloo (Perth) campus and the Menang Noongar people at the Kinjarling (Albany) campus. We recognise and celebrate that Traditional Owners remain the cultural custodians of their lands, and continue to practise their values, languages, beliefs, and knowledge. Original illustration by Artist Dr Richard Barry Walley OAM Indigenous Portfolio Facebook instagram X Youtube LinkedIn This page XMC Item ID: f3a9703f-310b-4bf3-b11a-45578af911cb