Skip to main content Navigate back to homepage Search Term (optional) Submit search Main navigation Home Study Study Study Study at UCL Prospective students Current students Languages and international education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student finances Support and wellbeing Close sub menu modal Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Strategy and impact Our people Research environment Funding and support Collaborate and innovate Research news Close sub menu modal Engage Engage Engage Engage with UCL Alumni Industry and business Policy and political engagement Global engagement Health at UCL Access and widening participation Public art and community engagement Employers and recruiters Give to UCL Close sub menu modal About About About About UCL Who we are Faculties Governance President and Provost Strategy UCL's Bicentenary Close sub menu modal Active parent page: Study Active parent page: Prospective students Current students Languages and International Education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student Finances Support and Wellbeing Open or close faculty menu Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL Undergraduate degrees Faculty menu Current page: How to apply Access and participation After you apply Applicants with a disability English language requirements Entry requirements Guidance for international applicants How we assess your application UCAS explained Writing the personal statement Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL Prospective students Undergraduate degrees How to apply to our undergraduate courses How to apply to our undergraduate courses We've provided a step-by-step guide to help you when applying to university via UCAS. Information alert banner. Information for 2026 entry This page contains information for the 2026 admissions cycle and is a helpful guide for students planning to apply through UCAS for 2026 entry. Additional guidance We've also put together some specific guidance and information for international applicants , mature students and disabled students . If you are interested in Teaching Degree Apprenticeships, please visit our dedicated Teacher Training pages . Step 1. Choose your course (or courses) A complete list of UCL's undergraduate courses can be found in the Undergraduate Prospectus . It also allows you to find our international qualification entry requirements by selecting your country, or the country from which your qualification originates, from the drop-down menu in the Other Qualifications section. On each course's webpage you will find their entry requirements, application processes, deadlines, course contents, and fee structures. All our courses are taught in person. We do not offer any full-time undergraduate online-only courses. You are welcome to apply to more than one course at UCL. Please be aware that each course will take up one of your five UCAS choices. Most UCL degree courses do not consider additional personal statements. We will use your UCAS personal statement as part of our assessment for each course you apply to at UCL. If we require a further personal statement, we will contact you directly to request this. Please do not send us the additional statement unless requested as we will not be able to take them into consideration. Information alert banner. Start dates All undergraduate courses start in September. We do not offer a January intake for any courses. Want to know more about a course and its content? The prospectus provides details on each course and its content, however if you would like further information, or have specific questions about a course's content or modules, please contact individual academic departments. Their email address can be found on the bottom of a course's prospectus page. Find an academic department Step 2. Check our entry requirements To guarantee your application is considered, you must have applied by the UCAS equal consideration deadline and meet all our entry requirements. The UCAS equal consideraton deadline is lists on the prospectus page for each course, whilst we may remain open after this deadline, there are no guarantees. Learn more about our entry requirements Specific grade and subject requirements are shown on each course page of the Undergraduate Prospectus . It also allows you to find our international qualification entry requirements by selecting your country, or the country from which your qualification originates, from the drop-down menu in the 'Other qualifications' section. Undergraduate Prospectus UCL Undergraduate Preparatory Certificates (UPC) UCL offers an international foundation year called the Undergraduate Preparatory Certificates (UPC). These are for international students who have completed high school with a qualification UCL does not accept for undergraduate entry. Applications for the UPC are made directly via the UPC website (and not via UCAS). Please see the UPC website for further information and contact details. Step 3. Decide what year you want to enter into A majority of UCL's applicants are applying for Year 1 entry. Should you be looking to enter the UCL Engineering Foundation Year, you will need to select Year 0 on your UCAS application form. Engineering Foundation Year eligibility and how to apply Any other application we receive for 'Year 0' entry will automatically be considered for 'Year 1' entry and must meet our advertised course entry requirements. Second year entry and transfer students Most of our courses only allow entry into the first year (point of entry 1/Year 1). None of our courses allow third year or final year entry. A small number of courses listed below do consider second year entry (point of entry 2/Year 2). Courses that are not on this list DO NOT consider second year entry. If you are not eligible to start in the second year, you will automatically be considered for first year entry. This change will be made automatically by the admissions team and communicated to you through UCAS. Courses that consider second year entry Faculty of Arts and Humanities Greek and Latin (Classics and the Ancient World) Hebrew and Jewish Studies Faculty of Engineering Sciences Information Management for Business BSc (Please note only applicants that have taken the Singapore Polytechnic Diploma in Business Information Technology can be considered for Year 2 entry) Institute of Education Education, Society and Culture BA Faculty of Medical Sciences (Please note Year 2 entry is only considered in rare cases - you will need to demonstrate a genuine compelling reason for transferring) Applied Medical Sciences BSc/MSci Cancer Biomedicine BSc/MSci Infection and Immunity BSc Medical Innovation and Enterprise BSc/MSci Nutrition and Medical Sciences BSc Sport and Exercise Medical Sciences BSc To be considered for a second year transfer you must: Meet the A level or equivalent Year 1 entry requirements for the course Have covered similar content to the first year at UCL at your current higher education institution, this will be reviewed by the Department you are applying to In some cases, achieve a 2.1 or 1st in your first year at your current higher education institution Have applied through UCAS by the equal consideration deadline, selecting point of entry 2 If applicable, we will send you an Accreditation of Prior Learning form to complete. Please be aware that this may incur an administrative charge, and that advanced standing is only awarded at UCL's discretion. For more information about transferring into a specific undergraduate course listed above at UCL, please contact us . Step 4. Decide when you want to start We welcome applications from students wanting to spend a pre-university (gap) year engaged in constructive activity, whether in the UK or abroad. This is called deferred entry. Please be aware that our BA and BFA Fine Art courses, which do not allow deferred entry. If you apply for deferred entry, your application will be considered for entry in the academic year after the admissions cycle in which you apply. You will be considered fairly alongside all other applicants within the admissions cycle, albeit a year ahead of the normal application timetable. It is only possible to defer your entry by one year. An application cannot be deferred twice. This includes applicants that originally selected deferred entry in their UCAS application. Applicants who are required to complete compulsory national military service may be able to exceptionally defer their entry to UCL by up to two years. Please contact us using our enquiries form to notify us of this and request an additional deferral. Guidance for international applicants Step 5. Check our tuition fees and funding opportunities Have a look at our information about tuition fees, loans, and other costs of university at our dedicated Fees and funding pages . We also have guidance for how and when you should pay your tuition fees, how much they'll be, and how to access funding. Fees and funding There are several scholarships available to undergraduate students. Please check the course's prospectus page for the latest information regarding scholarships and funding. You can also use the scholarships finder to search for awards that you might be eligible for. Use the Scholarship finder Step 6. Learn how to apply and complete your application Applications for our undergraduate degree courses are made through UCAS. We do not accept direct applications for our full-time undergraduate courses. You can find out more information about how to apply and completing your application on our UCAS explained page . We know applying to university can be daunting, so we've made this guide to help you through the application process and answer any questions you might have. How to apply and complete your application UCAS explained UCAS explained We know applying to university can be daunting, so we've made this guide to help you through the application process and answer any questions you might have. Step 7. Make your application The last step is to submit your completed application to UCAS, and we will receive the application within a couple of days. We look forward to receiving your application! After you apply Your life in London Why choose UCL? Highlights Information for new students Welcome to UCL Information for new students If you are joining UCL this autumn, see our step-by-step guidance and enrolment advice, and learn about life on campus and support options. Accommodation still available Secure your room Accommodation still available New to UCL or returning for another year? A limited number of rooms are still available. Choose and book your room through the Accommodation Portal. Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus New Prospectus Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus Download your guide to our undergraduate degrees and student life at UCL. Our prospectus contains useful information on our faculties, courses, and support and wellbeing services. UCL footer Visit Bloomsbury Theatre and Studio Library, Museums and Collections UCL Maps UCL Shop Contact UCL Students Accommodation Current Students Moodle Students' Union Staff Inside UCL Staff Intranet Work at UCL Human Resources University College London Gower Street, London, WC1E 6BT Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7679 2000 UCL social media menu Link to Instagram Link to LinkedIn Link to Youtube Link to TikTok Link to Facebook Link to Bluesky Link to Threads Link to Soundcloud Here, it can happen. Back to top Essential Disclaimer Freedom of Information Accessibility Cookies Privacy Slavery statement Log in © 2026 UCL