Skip to main content Navigate back to homepage Search Term (optional) Submit search Main navigation Home Study Study Study Study at UCL Prospective students Current students Languages and international education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student finances Support and wellbeing Close sub menu modal Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Strategy and impact Our people Research environment Funding and support Collaborate and innovate Research news Close sub menu modal Engage Engage Engage Engage with UCL Alumni Industry and business Policy and political engagement Global engagement Health at UCL Access and widening participation Public art and community engagement Employers and recruiters Give to UCL Close sub menu modal About About About About UCL Who we are Faculties Governance President and Provost Strategy UCL's Bicentenary Close sub menu modal Active parent page: Study Active parent page: Prospective students Current students Languages and International Education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student Finances Support and Wellbeing Open or close faculty menu Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL How to apply Faculty menu Access and participation After you apply Applicants with a disability English language requirements Entry requirements Current page: Guidance for international applicants How we assess your application UCAS explained Writing the personal statement Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL ... (Additional navigation levels omitted.) Undergraduate degrees How to apply Guidance for international applicants Guidance for international applicants We can assist you with any advice you may need about applying to and studying at UCL. UCL welcomes students from outside the UK and we expect our international applicants to have qualifications of a similar standard to our UK applicants. Making your application The application process for international students is exactly the same as for UK students. You must apply through UCAS by the relevant deadline for your chosen course. It is not possible to apply to UCL without completing a UCAS application. Our application deadline for most courses is 18:00 (UK time) on 14 January 2026. The deadline for our Medicine course is 18:00 (UK time) on 15 October 2025. We may not be able to consider applications received after these deadlines. The UCAS website provides further guidance for international students . See our guidance on making an application through UCAS International entry requirements In addition to A Levels and the International Baccalaureate, we consider a range of international qualifications for most courses. Equivalent international qualifications can be found on each course's page in our Undergraduate prospectus. Select your country (or the country whose qualifications you are studying) from the drop-down provided in the international applications section on a course's page. For example, if you are studying Advanced Placements, please select United States of America from the drop-down menu. Undergraduate Prospectus Country-specific information is also available for international students . Select your home country from the list to see an overview of entry requirements, as well as relevant funding opportunities, student societies, in-country contacts and other relevant information. Learn more about entry requirements Undergraduate Preparatory Certificates (UPC) The Undergraduate Preparatory Certificates (UPC) - UCL's International Foundation Year - are for international students who have completed high school with a qualification UCL does not accept for undergraduate entry. Learn more about UPCs English language requirements All applicants are required to meet UCL's English language proficiency requirements. Navigate to English language requirements English language requirements The following information gives English language requirement guidance for undergraduate applicants. Military service Applicants who are required to complete compulsory national military service may be able to exceptionally defer their entry to UCL by up to two years. Please contact us for further information . Student visas In most cases, if you are coming to study in the UK for more than 6 months, you will need a Student visa. We recommend you start familiarising yourself with the UK immigration requirements as soon as you decide to study in the UK. This will help you develop a good understanding of the application process and the time needed to get a Student visa. Read our guidance for international students applying for visas to study at UCL Learn more about Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) Applicants for a 4-year integrated master's course (MSci) in the fields of Biochemical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Physics or Mechanical Engineering, will need to apply to the UK government for an Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) clearance certificate. If you receive an offer from UCL, your letter will confirm if you need to obtain an ATAS certificate. It will provide all the information required to complete your ATAS application. If you are a UK or EU/European Economic Area national or a national of Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea or the United States of America, you do not require ATAS clearance. Please see our ATAS pages or the UK government website for further information. Learn more about ATAS Fees and funding Tuition fees for overseas (international) students are listed on each of our course pages. Further information can also be found on our fees and funding pages. We will assess your fee status based on the information included in your UCAS application. If you receive an offer, your fee status will be included in the offer letter. If we require further information to determine your fee status, we will email you a Fee Status Questionnaire to complete and upload to the applicant portal, along with any supporting documents we will ask you to send. Fees and funding Information alert banner. Please note - we are unable to comment on a student's fee status until we have completed our assessment. For more about fee statuses, see our dedicated UCL fee status page. Student fee status You may also wish to look at the UK Council for International Student Affairs (UKCISA) pages about fee status in the UK and the terminology used . International students can apply for a range of scholarships and awards. Many students receive funding from their own government or other external sources, so you are advised to check with the Ministry of Education in your country or from the British Council for information about other potential funding opportunities. Funding for students on undergraduate courses Scholarships and awards Further information International students How to apply After you apply Highlights Information for new students Welcome to UCL Information for new students If you are joining UCL this autumn, see our step-by-step guidance and enrolment advice, and learn about life on campus and support options. Accommodation still available Secure your room Accommodation still available New to UCL or returning for another year? A limited number of rooms are still available. Choose and book your room through the Accommodation Portal. Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus New Prospectus Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus Download your guide to our undergraduate degrees and student life at UCL. Our prospectus contains useful information on our faculties, courses, and support and wellbeing services. UCL footer Visit Bloomsbury Theatre and Studio Library, Museums and Collections UCL Maps UCL Shop Contact UCL Students Accommodation Current Students Moodle Students' Union Staff Inside UCL Staff Intranet Work at UCL Human Resources University College London Gower Street, London, WC1E 6BT Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7679 2000 UCL social media menu Link to Instagram Link to LinkedIn Link to Youtube Link to TikTok Link to Facebook Link to Bluesky Link to Threads Link to Soundcloud Here, it can happen. Back to top Essential Disclaimer Freedom of Information Accessibility Cookies Privacy Slavery statement Log in © 2026 UCL