Skip to main content Navigate back to homepage Search Term (optional) Submit search Main navigation Home Study Study Study Study at UCL Prospective students Current students Languages and international education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student finances Support and wellbeing Close sub menu modal Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Strategy and impact Our people Research environment Funding and support Collaborate and innovate Research news Close sub menu modal Engage Engage Engage Engage with UCL Alumni Industry and business Policy and political engagement Global engagement Health at UCL Access and widening participation Public art and community engagement Employers and recruiters Give to UCL Close sub menu modal About About About About UCL Who we are Faculties Governance President and Provost Strategy UCL's Bicentenary Close sub menu modal Active parent page: Study Active parent page: Prospective students Current students Languages and International Education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student Finances Support and Wellbeing Open or close faculty menu Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL How to apply Faculty menu Access and participation After you apply Applicants with a disability English language requirements Current page: Entry requirements Guidance for international applicants How we assess your application UCAS explained Writing the personal statement Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL ... (Additional navigation levels omitted.) Undergraduate degrees How to apply Entry requirements Entry requirements An overview of the entry requirements and policies for our undergraduate courses. UCL receives a large number of applications. For 2025 entry, we received nearly 91,000 applications via UCAS. To be considered, you must meet (or be predicted to meet) the minimum requirements for the course you are interested in. Given the competition for places, we recommend you only apply to courses where you meet these requirements. Information alert banner. For entry to our undergraduate degree courses, UCL does not use UCAS tariff points to assess applications. Instead, we use specific qualification and grade requirements to assess your eligibility. We welcome applications from students offering A levels and other equivalent qualifications. Our entrance requirements are based on three A levels. Depending on the degree course, we make standard offers in the range A*A*A-ABB. See the undergraduate prospectus for specific entry requirements per course, and equivalent requirements for other qualifications. Undergraduate Prospectus Engineering Foundation Year The Engineering Foundation Year courses are for UK fee paying students who are traditionally underrepresented at UCL. The entry requirements for this course are 100 UCAS tariff points from level 3 academic qualifications. There are a number of non-academic requirements that applicants must meet to be eligible for these courses. Further information about the Engineering Foundation Year eligibility and entry requirements Contextual offers You may be eligible for a contextual offer as part of the Access UCL scheme. These are lower than our standard offers and listed on each course's page in the Undergraduate prospectus. Undergraduate Prospectus For more information and eligibility criteria, visit our Access UCL Scheme page. International qualifications Country-specific information is available for international students. To see the equivalent entry requirements for your country, you can use the international applications drop-down menu on your course's page in the prospectus. Undergraduate Prospectus Further information is also available on our Guidance for International Applicants page. Guidance for international applicants A levels (including International A levels) Our entrance requirements are based on three A levels. If you are studying more than three A levels, we will consider your three highest grades. We will include any required or preferred subjects as appropriate. Any offer will only consist of three A level grades. You should offer at least two A levels taken from the preferred A level subjects list below. Your third A level can be in any other subject. If you do not have two preferred subjects, please contact the admissions team to check if we can consider your application. Preferred A level subjects Arts and Humanities Arabic Art and Design Art and Design: 3D Design Art and Design: Critical and Contextual Studies Art and Design: Fine Art Art and Design: Graphic Design Art and Design: Photography Art and Design: Textiles Bengali Biblical Hebrew Business Studies Cantonese Chinese Classical Civilisation Classical Greek Drama (WJEC specification) Drama and Theatre Studies Dutch English Language English Language and Literature English Literature English Literature (specifications A or B where applicable) Film Studies French German Greek Gujarati Hindi History of Art History of Art and Design Information and Communication Technology Irish Italian Japanese Latin Media Studies Modern Greek Modern Hebrew Moving Image Art (CCEA specification) Music Panjabi Persian Philosophy Polish Portuguese Religious Studies Russian Spanish Tamil Turkish Urdu Welsh Welsh (Second Language) Social Sciences Ancient History Anthropology Archaeology Economics Economics and Business Economics and Business (Nuffield) Environmental Science Environmental Studies Geography A Geography B Government and Politics History Law Politics Psychology Psychology A Psychology B Sociology Sciences and Technology Biology Biology (Salters-Nuffield) Biology (Human) Chemistry Chemistry (Nuffield) Chemistry (Salters) Computer Science Design and Technology Further Mathematics Geology Mathematics Mathematics (MEI) Physics Physics (Advancing Physics) Physics (Salters-Horners) Pure Mathematics Statistics Exceptions General Studies, Critical Thinking or Global Perspectives and Research are not accepted for admission. We will not count these subjects towards our entry requirements. Science practical endorsement If you are studying Biology, Chemistry or Physics A levels in England, a pass in the practical endorsement is required. If you are a self-studying student and cannot take the practical science component or are unable to complete the practical endorsement for another reason, you must contact Undergraduate Admissions via the UCL Contact Form to let us know and confirm the reasons. This will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Early sittings If you have studied A levels at an accelerated rate, and completed some of your A level study alongside your GCSEs, we may stipulate the A levels you are currently studying in any offer conditions. Exceptionally, UCL will consider an early sitting where this is a subject requirement for your degree programme. Native language A levels Native language A levels will be considered, however selection may be based on the three most relevant subjects for your degree choice. If you have studied A levels at an accelerated rate, and you have therefore completed this study alongside your GCSE level study, we may stipulate the A levels you are currently studying in your offer conditions. Extended Project Qualification (EPQ) The Extended Project Qualification does not form part of our standard entrance requirements. UCL recognises the value of EPQs as preparation for independent study, which is key to university-level study. If your EPQ topic is related to the UCL programme you are applying to, you may wish to discuss this in your personal statement. Core Mathematics The Core Mathematics qualification does not form part of our standard entrance requirements, but UCL welcomes the opportunity for students to be able to continue their mathematics studies. For programmes where GCSE Mathematics is required at grade 6 (or grade B), Core Mathematics will be accepted as a supplement to grade 4 (or grade C) at GCSE. International Baccalaureate Diploma We accept the full International Baccalaureate Diploma (IBDP) for entry to our courses. This typically includes: Three higher level subjects Three standard level subjects Theory of Knowledge (ToK) Creativity, Action, Service (CAS) Extended Essay We require at least three subjects at higher level. If you are studying more than three higher level subjects, we will consider your three highest grades. We will also include any required or preferred subjects as appropriate. Information alert banner. Please note - We do not accept individual International Baccalaureate certificates. Standard entry requirements When we assess your application, we equate your IBDP to our A level requirements. We consider your score in three higher level subjects and total point score. A*A*A = 40 points overall including 20 in three higher level subjects. A*AA = 39 points overall including 19 in three higher level subjects. AAA = 38 points overall including 18 in three higher level subjects. AAB = 36 points overall including 17 in three higher level subjects. ABB = 34 points overall including 16 in three higher level subjects. For all equivalencies at least 5 points is required in each higher level subject. A grade of at least 5 points is not required in the standard level subjects. Where a course has a required A level subject, this must be taken at higher level. Where a course has a preferred A level subject, this must also be taken at higher level to be considered. Example: If a course's entry requirements are AAB at A level including an A in Chemistry, you need: 36 points overall, with 17 in three higher level subjects Grade 6 in higher level Chemistry No higher level subject score below 5 Subject requirements Where a course has an A level subject requirement, the equivalent subject is required at higher level. Please see the table below for grade equivalencies. A* - 7 at higher level A - 6 at higher level B - 5 at higher level Where A level Mathematics is a subject requirement, either Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches or Mathematics: Applications and Interpretation at higher level is accepted. Where A level Further Mathematics is a subject requirement, only Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches at higher level is accepted. Where A level French is a subject requirement, only French B at higher level is accepted. Theory of Knowledge and Extended Essay We include bonus points (a maximum of three) awarded for your Theory of Knowledge and Extended Essay as part of your overall points score out of 45. International Baccalaureate Career-related Programme (IBCP) UCL does not accept the IBCP for entry to its courses. Applicants may however meet our requirements if they are studying a BTEC Extended Diploma as part of their course. Please see our BTEC requirements for each course for further information. Other UK qualifications UCL also accepts the following UK qualifications. Use the drop-down box on each course's page to find equivalent grade requirements. Select the relevant qualification and the equivalent grades will appear. Please check these pages carefully as some courses require specific subject knowledge. In these cases, the equivalent subject will be required as part of the qualifications you are studying. Access to HE Diploma Please be aware that not all courses accept Access to HE Diplomas. Please check the relevant course's page in the Undergraduate prospectus for further information including entry requirements before you apply. Where we are able to consider the Access to HE Diploma, we require 60 credits overall with at least 45 at level 3. Undergraduate Prospectus Where subject-specific requirements are stipulated at A level, we may review your Access to HE syllabus to ensure you meet the subject-specific requirements before a final decision is sent. Please note applicants taking the Access to HE Diploma are still expected to meet the GCSE requirements of the course. BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma In general, only the following BTEC Extended Diplomas are accepted for entry to UCL. Pre-2010: Edexcel level 3 BTEC National Extended Diploma (NQF) Pre-2016: Edexcel level 3 BTEC Extended Diploma (QCF) Post 2016: BTEC Level 3 National Extended Diploma (RQF) However, some courses do not consider BTEC Extended Diplomas. Please check the course's page in our prospectus for further information including entry requirements before you apply. We do not accept International BTEC Extended Diploma, BTEC Certificates, Foundation Diploma or Subsidiary Diploma for entry into UCL. Cambridge Pre-U Principal Subjects Our entrance requirements are based on three Pre-U principal subjects. If you are studying more than three Pre-U principal subjects, we will consider your three highest grades. We will also include any required or preferred subjects as appropriate. Any offer will only consist of three Pre-U principal subject grades. We also accept the Cambridge Pre-U Diploma including three Pre-U principal subjects. Standard entry requirements When we assess your application, we equate your Pre-U principal subjects to our A level requirements using the equivalencies below. A* = D1/D2 A = D3 B = M1 C = M2 Scottish Highers and Advanced Highers We require either three Advanced Highers OR two Advanced Highers and three Highers in five distinct subjects. Highers on their own are not acceptable for admission to any of our courses. Where a course has an A Level subject requirement, the equivalent subject is required as an Advanced Higher. Please see the table below for grade equivalencies. Standard entry requirements When we assess your application, we equate your Advanced Highers and Highers to our A level requirements using the equivalencies below. A* = A1 A = A = AAA B = B = BBB C = C = CCC As grade bands (e.g. A1) cannot be indicated in UCAS applications, we will contact you or your referee for further clarification. Welsh Baccalaureate Welsh Baccalaureate or the Advanced Skills Baccalaureate Wales is not acceptable for entry to UCL. UCL recognises the value of the skills gained through the project works in the Advanced Skills Baccalaureate Wales. If the topic of your Independent Project is relevant to your chosen UCL course, you may wish to discuss this in your personal statement. WJEC Applied Generals The WJEC Level 3 Applied Diploma in Criminology is only accepted for entry to the BSc in Crime and Security Science course, and the Engineering Foundation Year courses. This qualification is not accepted for any other courses at UCL. All other WJEC Applied Generals are not accepted for any UCL Undergraduate course, except for the Engineering Foundation Year courses. T levels UCL considers selective T levels for the degree courses listed below only: BA Communications: T Levels in Digital Business Services; Digital Production; Design and Development; Digital Support Services; Management and Administration, with an overall mark of Distinction. BA Education Studies : T Level in Education and Childcare / Education and Early Years with an overall mark of Distinction. BSc Information in Society: T Levels in Digital Production, Design, and Development; Digital Business Services with an overall mark of Distinction. BA Youth, Society and Sustainable Future: T Levels in Health; Healthcare Science; Science; Education and Childcare/ Education and Early Years with an overall mark of Distinction. Engineering Foundation Year: T Level in any subject to the value of 100 UCAS points (must be completed at a UK state school, see the prospectus for more information). UAL Level 3 Extended Diploma UCL considers the following UAL Level 3 Extended Diploma courses for the degree courses listed below: BA/BFA in Fine Art : UAL Level 3 Extended Diploma in Art and Design; or in Creative Practice: Art, Design and Communication, with the final overall mark of Distinction BSc/MSci Architecture : UAL Level 3 Extended Diploma in Art and Design with the final overall mark of Distinction BA Media : UAL Level 3 Extended Diploma in Creative Media Production and Technology with the final overall mark of Distinction No other UCL undergraduate courses consider these qualifications, except for the Engineering Foundation Year courses. Mixed qualifications We usually look for all qualifications to be from one suite (e.g., three A Levels, or an IB Diploma). However, we understand that some applicants may offer a combination of level 3 qualifications. We accept a mix of A Levels and Cambridge Pre-U or a mix of A Levels and Advanced Highers for all courses. Some programmes are willing to consider a mix of other acceptable qualifications on a case-by case basis. Please contact us for further advice before you apply, stating your qualifications and the course you are interested in. If you are interested in the Engineering Foundation Year courses, please see further information about the qualifications considered. More information on Engineering Foundation Year courses UCL Undergraduate Preparatory Certificates The Undergraduate Preparatory Certificates (UPC) - UCL's International Foundation Year - are for international students who have completed high school with a qualification UCL does not accept for undergraduate entry. Find out more about UPCs GCSE and equivalent qualifications Please check the requirements of each individual course carefully. If you haven't met the GCSE requirements for the course you are interested in, please contact us for further advice. GCSE equivalencies We use the following equivalencies: 8 = A* 7 = A 6 = B 4 = C UCL considers the following qualifications to be equivalent to GCSEs: IGCSE at grade C or higher O level at grade C or higher Scottish Credit Standard Grade/Intermediate 2 Hong Kong Certificate of Education (HKCEE) at grade C or higher IB Middle Years Programme (MYP) at grades 4 to 7 Malaysia Sijil Pelejaran (SPM) at grades 1 to 6 Singapore/Cambridge GCE Ordinary level at grades 1 to 6. Applications from 'fast-track' students Some schools, both in the UK and overseas, fast-track their students and limit the number of examinations they take. As a result, you may not be sitting some GCSE or equivalent qualifications. We will be pleased to consider your application on its individual merits. English language requirements All applicants are required to meet UCL's English language proficiency requirements. Navigate to English language requirements English language requirements The following information gives English language requirement guidance for undergraduate applicants. Additional information Resits We understand that applicants may choose to resit exams. Unless stipulated on the entry requirements section of the course's prospectus page, we are happy to consider applicants who have resat exams. Where resits have been attempted more than once, this may put you at a disadvantage. A resit is a second or subsequent attempt to improve a qualification outcome, for which you already hold an award. The following undergraduate courses do not accept resit exams: Data Science BSc Economics BSc(Econ) Economics and Statistics BSc (Econ) Economics with a Year Abroad BSc (Econ) Electronic and Electrical Engineering BEng Electronic and Electrical Engineering MEng Bachelor of Laws (UCL) and Bachelor of Laws (HKU) LLB Law LLB Law with French Law LLB Law with German Law LLB Law with Hispanic Law LLB Mathematics BSc Mathematics and Physics BSc Mathematics and Statistical Science BSc Mathematics with Economics BSc Mathematics with Management Studies BSc Mathematics with Mathematical Physics BSc Mathematics with Modern Languages BSc Mathematics BSc Mathematics and Physics MSci Mathematics and Statistical Science MSci Mathematics with Economics MSci Mathematics with Management Studies MSci Mathematics with Mathematical Physics MSci Mathematics with Modern Languages MSci Medicine MBBS Statistical Science (International Programme) BSc Statistics BSc Statistics and Management for Business BSc Statistics, Economics and a Language BSc Statistics, Economics and Finance BSc Mitigating circumstances We would advise applicants to speak with their school or exam centre about any mitigating circumstances that may affect their results, so that Exam Boards can apply any special consideration. We do not have a mitigating circumstances form. UCL's policy is that such mitigating factors are a matter for the Exam Boards and should be considered at the time of the exams rather than retrospectively by the university. We do not make changes to course entry requirements in response to mitigating circumstances. Further information How to apply UCAS explained Mature students Highlights Information for new students Welcome to UCL Information for new students If you are joining UCL this autumn, see our step-by-step guidance and enrolment advice, and learn about life on campus and support options. Accommodation still available Secure your room Accommodation still available New to UCL or returning for another year? A limited number of rooms are still available. Choose and book your room through the Accommodation Portal. Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus New Prospectus Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus Download your guide to our undergraduate degrees and student life at UCL. Our prospectus contains useful information on our faculties, courses, and support and wellbeing services. UCL footer Visit Bloomsbury Theatre and Studio Library, Museums and Collections UCL Maps UCL Shop Contact UCL Students Accommodation Current Students Moodle Students' Union Staff Inside UCL Staff Intranet Work at UCL Human Resources University College London Gower Street, London, WC1E 6BT Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7679 2000 UCL social media menu Link to Instagram Link to LinkedIn Link to Youtube Link to TikTok Link to Facebook Link to Bluesky Link to Threads Link to Soundcloud Here, it can happen. Back to top Essential Disclaimer Freedom of Information Accessibility Cookies Privacy Slavery statement Log in © 2026 UCL