Skip to main content Navigate back to homepage Search Term (optional) Submit search Main navigation Home Study Study Study Study at UCL Prospective students Current students Languages and international education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student finances Support and wellbeing Close sub menu modal Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Strategy and impact Our people Research environment Funding and support Collaborate and innovate Research news Close sub menu modal Engage Engage Engage Engage with UCL Alumni Industry and business Policy and political engagement Global engagement Health at UCL Access and widening participation Public art and community engagement Employers and recruiters Give to UCL Close sub menu modal About About About About UCL Who we are Faculties Governance President and Provost Strategy UCL's Bicentenary Close sub menu modal Active parent page: Study Active parent page: Prospective students Current students Languages and International Education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student Finances Support and Wellbeing Open or close faculty menu Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL How to apply Faculty menu Access and participation After you apply Applicants with a disability Current page: English language requirements Entry requirements Guidance for international applicants How we assess your application UCAS explained Writing the personal statement Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL ... (Additional navigation levels omitted.) Undergraduate degrees How to apply English language requirements English language requirements The following information gives English language requirement guidance for undergraduate applicants. Providing evidence of English language proficiency Any student who is not a national of a UK Home Office majority English-speaking country is required to provide recent evidence of English language proficiency. In individual cases UCL reserves the right to: specify an additional language requirement for an applicant, or request additional confirmation of education or employment for your institution or employee. Who does not need to provide evidence of English language proficiency You do not need to prove your level of English language proficiency if you are a national of one of the following countries: List of countries Antigua and Barbuda Australia the Bahamas Barbados Belize the British overseas territories Canada Dominica Grenada Guyana Ireland Jamaica Malta New Zealand St Kitts and Nevis St Lucia St Vincent and the Grenadines Trinidad and Tobago UK USA Who does need to provide evidence of their English language proficiency If you are not a national of one the countries above, you will need to provide recent evidence of one of the following before you become a student at UCL: 12 months education which leads to an academic qualification in a majority English-speaking country An English language qualification or test result accepted by UCL Completed a school leaving qualification containing English, accepted by UCL You do not need to provide this evidence as part of your UCAS application. This will not affect the assessment of your application. If we need evidence of your English language proficiency and make you an offer, this offer is conditional on you providing us with evidence at the appropriate level. Please read on to see how you can meet UCL's English language proficiency through these categories. 12 months education which leads to an academic qualification This option means you must complete at least 12 consecutive months in academic education leading to an awarded qualification. This must be in a country that UCL considers to be "majority English-speaking". Please see the list of acceptable countries below. You must complete your 12 months of education during one continuous period, ending no earlier than the summer two years before the proposed date of enrolment (e.g. if you are starting your course in September 2026, we will accept 12 months education completed in Summer 2024 or later). You must also be awarded with an academic qualification at the end of this period. Countries UCL considers majority English-speaking after 12 months education Antigua and Barbuda Australia the Bahamas Barbados Belize Botswana Cameroon (only if the qualification is taught in English) Canada Caribbean / West Indies (English-speaking Caribbean Commonwealth territories) Dominica Fiji Gambia Ghana Grenada Guyana Ireland Jamaica Kenya Malawi Malta Mauritius the Netherlands (only if the qualification is taught entirely in English) New Zealand Nigeria Singapore South Africa St Kitts and Nevis St Lucia St Vincent and the Grenadines Swaziland (Eswatini) Tanzania Trinidad and Tobago Uganda United Kingdom United States of America Zambia Zimbabwe An English language qualification of test result For this option you must receive the qualification or test result no more than two years before the proposed date of enrolment. For entry in September 2026, this means a test must have been sat on or after 1 September 2024. Accepted English language qualifications Listed below are all the English language qualifications and tests accepted by UCL. There are five levels of English proficiency needed to meet UCL's English language requirements for undergraduate study: Level 1 (previously referred to as "Standard Level") Level 2 (previously referred to as "Good Level") Level 3 Level 4 (previously referred to as "Advanced Level"), or Level 5 See each programme's page in our Undergraduate Prospectus to confirm which level of English proficiency you will need to meet. Below you can find the scores and grades required for each level. Applicants have until 17:00 UK time on 3 September 2026 to meet all conditions of their offer including English language requirements. The exact date can also be found in your Portico account and offer letter. However, we would advise you to take a test as soon as possible, as test centres are very busy during the summer. Please note we can only consider tests that meet the score requirements for the overall and all individual component parts (speaking, listening, reading, writing). We encourage applicants to take a test centre exam if possible, however, we also accept the online exams mentioned in the list below. Please note that regardless of the form of the exam, UCL takes fraud very seriously. If evidence of malpractice is found in a submitted test result, it will result in the submitted application being withdrawn and not being considered further. Undergraduate Prospectus Test providers International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Academic Version This test is UCL's preferred English language qualification. Level 1: Overall score of 6.5 and a minimum of 6.0 in each component Level 2: Overall score of 7.0 and a minimum of 6.5 in each component Level 3: Overall score of 7.0 and a minimum of 7.0 in each component Level 4: Overall score of 7.5 and a minimum of 7.0 in each component Level 5: Overall score of 8 and a minimum of 8.0 in each component Applicants may take the IELTS Academic Online test to meet the requirement. We do not accept IELTS One Skill Retake test to meet the requirement. International English Language testing System British Council Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) UCL will continue to accept the TOEFL iBT after 21 January 2026. Tests taken from this date onwards will need to meet the new score requirements in full. Tests taken before 21 January will be accepted according to the old requirement as long as they are taken within the two-year timeframe. For more information on the test update please refer to the test provider's website . Tests taken from 21 January 2026: Level 1: Overall score of 4.5 and 4.0 in reading, writing, speaking and listening Level 2: Overall score of 4.5 and 4.5 in reading, writing, speaking and listening Level 3: Overall score of 5.0 and 5.0 in reading, writing, speaking and listening Level 4: Overall score of 5.5 and and 5.0 in reading, writing, speaking and listening Level 5: Overall score of 5.5 and and 5.5 in reading, writing, listening and 6.0 in speaking Tests taken before 21 January 2026: Level 1 : Overall score of 92 with 24/30 in reading and writing and 20/30 in speaking and listening Level 2 : Overall score of 96 with 24/30 in reading and writing and 22/30 in speaking and listening Level 3 : Overall score of 100 with 25/30 in reading and writing and 23/30 in speaking and listening Level 4 : Overall score of 109 with 27/30 in reading and writing and 23/30 in speaking and listening Level 5 : Overall score of 110 with 29/30 in reading and writing and 23/30 in speaking and listening Applicants may take the TOEFL iBT Home Edition test to meet the requirements. Please note that TOEFL iBT MyBestScore is not acceptable for meeting the English language requirement. UCL's institution code for TOEFL is 9163 . Visit the TOEFL website for more details. UCL Pre-sessional English courses Level 1 : Overall score of 65% and a minimum of 60% in each component Level 2 : Overall score of 70% and a minimum of 65% in each component Level 3 : Overall score of 70% and a minimum of 70% in each component Level 4 : Overall score of 75% and a minimum of 70% in each component Level 5 : Overall score of 80% and a minimum of 80% in each component Find out more about UCL Pre-sessional English Courses If you are an offer holder for an IOE degree, you should apply to the UCL Institute of Education Preparation for Academic Studies in Higher Education (PASHE) UCL Undergraduate Preparatory Certificate (UPCSE; UPCH) Level 1 : Overall score of 65% and a minimum of 60% in each component Level 2 : Overall score of 70% and a minimum of 65% in each component Level 3 : Overall score of 70% and a minimum of 70% in each component Level 4 : Overall score of 75% and a minimum of 70% in each component Level 5 : Overall score of 80% and a minimum of 80% in each component Find out more about UCL Undergraduate Preparatory Certificates . Cambridge English: C2 Proficiency (CPE), previously Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English Level 1 : Overall score of 176 with 169 in all subtests Level 2 : Overall score of 180 with 172 in all subtests Level 3 : Overall score of 185 with 180 in all subtests Level 4 : Overall score of 191 with 180 in all subtests Level 5 : Overall score of 210 with 200 in all subtests Cambridge English Language Assessment Cambridge English: C1 Advanced (CAE), previously known as Cambridge Certificate of Advanced English Level 1 : Overall score of 176 with 169 in all subtests Level 2 : Overall score of 180 with 172 in all subtests Level 3 : Overall score of 185 with 180 in all subtests Level 4 : Overall score of 191 with 180 in all subtests Level 5 : Overall score of 210 with 200 in all subtests Cambridge English Language Assessment Pearson Test of English (Academic) UCL will accept the Pearson Test of English (Academic), often referred to as PTE (Academic), with the following grades: Level 1 : Overall score of 75 with a minimum of 67 in each Communicative Skill Level 2 : Overall score of 76 with a minimum of 75 in each Communicative Skill Level 3 : Overall score of 76 with a minimum of 76 in each Communicative Skill Level 4 : Overall score of 80 with a minimum of 76 in each Communicative Skill Level 5 : Overall score of 88 with a minimum of 80 in each Communicative Skill Pearson Test of English Trinity College London, Integrated Skills in English (B2) ISE II Level 1 : Successful completion of ISE II with a 'merit' or 90 in all components Level 2 : Successful completion of ISE II with a 'distinction' or 96 in all components Level 3 : Not accepted Level 4 : Not accepted Level 5 : Not accepted Trinity College Trinity College London, Integrated Skills in English (C1) ISE III Level 1: Successful completion of ISE III with a 'pass' or 105 in all components Level 2: Successful completion of ISE III with a 'pass' or 105 in all components Level 3: Successful completion of ISE III with a 'pass'or 105 in all components Level 4: Successful completion of ISE III with a 'distinction' or 121 in all components Level 5 : Not accepted Trinity College Trinity College London, Integrated Skills in English (C2) ISE III Level 1: Successful completion of ISE IV with a 'pass' or 130 in all components Level 2: Successful completion of ISE IV with a 'pass' or 130 in all components Level 3: Successful completion of ISE IV with a 'pass' or 130 in all components Level 4: Successful completion of ISE IV with a 'pass'or 130 in all components Level 5: Successful completion of ISE IV with a 'pass' or 130 in all components Trinity College GCSE/IGCSE English Language For English Language GCSE and iGCSEs you must receive the qualification or test result no more than the summer two years before the proposed date of enrolment. For entry in September 2026, this means the GCSE or iGCSE must have been awarded no earlier than summer 2024. For all GCSE English Language qualifications we require the following grades. Level 1 : Pass at 4 (or grade C) with Merit in spoken component (where applicable) for 2025 entry Level 2 : Pass at 4 (or grade C) with Merit in spoken component (where applicable) for 2025 entry Level 3 : Pass at 6 (or grade B) with Distinction in spoken component (where applicable) Level 4 : Pass at 6 (or grade B) with Distinction in spoken component (where applicable) Level 5 : Pass at 7 (or grade A) with Distinction in spoken component (where applicable) GCSE qualifications are only accepted if all four skills are assessed or the spoken language component is separately endorsed on the certificate. OCR English language (9-1) [J351] - Spoken language endorsement required AQA English language (9-1) [8700]- Spoken language endorsement required Pearson/Edexcel English language (9-1) [1En0]- Spoken language endorsement required WJEC/Eduquas English language (A*-E) CCEA (NI) English language (A*-E) [5030] For all IGCSEs, we require a copy of both the official certificate and statement of results. This allows us to confirm your grade and syllabus studied. For IGCSE qualifications, please see our syllabus requirements below (requirements are given for 2025 entry). Cambridge Assessments International Education (CAIE) Cambridge IGCSE English - First Language (0500) (0990) or (0524) Level 1 : Pass at 4 (or grade C) with Merit/grade 2 in the speaking and listening component Level 2 : Pass at 4 (or grade C) with Merit/grade 2 in the speaking and listening component Level 3 : Pass at 6 (or grade B) with Distinction/grade 1 in the speaking and listening component Level 4 : Pass at 6 (or grade B) with Distinction/grade 1 in the speaking and listening component Level 5 : Pass at 7 (or grade A) with Distinction/grade 1 in the speaking and listening component Cambridge IGCSE English as a Second Language (Speaking endorsement) (0510) or (0993) Level 1: Pass at 4 (or grade C) with Merit/grade 2 in the speaking component Level 2: Pass at 6 (or grade B) with Merit/grade 2 in the speaking component Level 3 and above: Not acceptable Cambridge IGCSE English as a Second Language (Count-in speaking) (0511) or (0991) Level 1: Pass at 4 (or grade C) Level 2: Pass at 6 (or grade B) Level 3 and above: Not acceptable Cambridge Assessment International Education Pearson Edexcel Edexcel IGCSE English Language A (4EA1 or 4EXA1) or B (4EB1) Level 1: Pass at 4 (or grade C) with Merit in the spoken language component Level 2: Pass at 4 (or grade C) with Merit in the spoken language component Level 3: Pass at 6 (or grade B) with Distinction in the spoken language component Level 4: Pass at 6 (or grade B) with Distinction in the spoken language component Level 5: Pass at 7 (or grade A) with Distinction in the spoken language component Edexcel IGCSE English as a Second Language (4ES1) Level 1 : Pass at 4 (or grade C) with pass in the spoken language component Level 2 : Pass at 6 (or grade B) with pass in the spoken language component Level 3 : Pass at 7 (or grade A) with pass in the spoken language component Level 4 and above : Not acceptable Edexcel IGCSE English as a Second Language (4XES2) Level 1: Pass at 9 Level 2: Pass at 9 Level 3 and above: Not acceptable Pearson Edexcel Oxford International AQA Examinations Oxford AQA IGCSE English Language (9270) Level 1 : Pass at grade 4 with Merit in the speaking and listening component Level 2 : Pass at grade 6 with Merit in the speaking and listening component Level 3 : Pass at grade 7 with Distinction in the speaking and listening component Level 4 : Pass at grade 8 with Distinction in speaking and listening component Level 5 : Pass at grade 9 with Distinction in speaking and listening component Oxford AQA IGCSE English as a Second Language (9280) Level 1 : Pass at grade 6 Level 2 : Pass at grade 6 Level 3 : Pass at grade 9 Level 4 and above : Not acceptable Oxford International AQA Examinations International Ordinary (O) Levels in English Language Only the following Cambridge Assessment International Education (CAIE) International O Levels are considered to meet our English Language requirements. Cambridge O Level in English Language (1120) Brunei - Spoken language must be separately endorsed on the certificate Cambridge O Level in English Language (1127/1128) Singapore Please note: Cambridge O Level (1123) International is NOT accepted under any circumstances. Cambridge Assessment International Education (CAIE) UCL Institute of Education Preparation for Academic Studies in Higher Education (PASHE) The PASHE courses are intended for applicants applying to the IOE for graduate and undergraduate programmes who need to improve their English language skills. IOE applicants should apply for this programme only and not the UCL Pre-sessional courses run by the Centre for Languages & International Education (CLIE). Level 1: Overall score of 65% and a minimum of 60% in each component Level 2: Overall score of 70% and a minimum of 65% in each component Level 3: Overall score of 70% and a minimum of 70% in each component Level 4: Overall score of 75% and a minimum of 70% in each component Level 5: Overall score of 80% and a minimum of 80% in each component Applicants can contact the IOE Academic Writing Centre at Preparation for Academic Studies in Higher Education . LanguageCert (Academic) UCL will accept LanguageCert (Academic) with the following results: Level 1: Overall score of 70 and a minimum of 65 in each component Level 2: Overall score of 75 and a minimum of 70 in each component Level 3: Overall score of 75 and a minimum of 75 in each component Level 4: Overall score of 80 and a minimum of 75 in each component Level 5: Overall score of 85 and a minimum of 85 in each component Applicants will need to share their scores with UCL on their LanguageCert Portal. Applicants may take the LanguageCert Academic Online test to meet the requirements. Oxford Test of English Advanced The test is developed by the Oxford University Press, certified by the University of Oxford. Level 1: Overall score of 140 with 125 in Speaking, Listening, Reading, and Writing Level 2: Overall score of 150 with 140 in Speaking, Listening, Reading, and Writing Level 3: Overall score of 150 with 150 in Speaking, Listening, Reading, and Writing Level 4: Overall score of 160 with 150 in Speaking, Listening, Reading, and Writing Level 5: Overall score of 170 with 170 in Speaking, Listening, Reading, and Writing Other versions, such as Oxford Test of English and Oxford Test of English for Schools are not acceptable. Contact OUP. Accepted school leaving qualifications UCL also accepts a number of school leaving qualifications containing English. These are considered by UCL as meeting the CEFR B2 level in all four skills. You must receive this qualification no more than the summer two years before the proposed date of enrolment. This includes the summer two years before enrolment if starting in September. To be considered acceptable, you must provide us with a copy of your final officially issued certificate and transcript. If these documents are not in English, we will also require a translation. International Baccalaureate We accept the following International Baccalaureate English Language subjects taken as part of the IB Diploma. IB English Language A: Literature, IB English Language A: Language and Literature Level 1 : Grade 5 at either higher or standard level Level 2 : Grade 5 at either higher or standard level Level 3 : Grade 6 at either higher or standard level Level 4 : Grade 6 at higher level or grade 7 at standard level Level 5 : Grade 7 at either higher (not acceptable at standard level) IB English Language B Level 1 : Either grade 5 at higher level or grade 6 at standard level Level 2 : Either grade 6 at higher level or grade 7 at standard level Level 3 : Either grade 7 at higher level (not acceptable at standard level) Level 4 : Either grade 7 at higher level (not acceptable at standard level) Level 5 : Not acceptable at either level IB English Language A: Literature and Performance (standard level only) Level 1 : Grade 5 Level 2 and above : Not acceptable International Baccalaureate School leaving qualifications (by country) Austria: Matura/Reifeprufung All levels: In the Matura/Reifeprufung, 2 (gut) in English when both written and oral examinations have been taken. Belgium: Diploma van Secundair or the Certificat d'Enseignement Secondaire Superieur All levels: In the Diploma van Secundair or the Certificat d'Enseignement Secondaire Superieur, the equivalent of 8.5/10 or 85% in English. Denmark: Studentereksamen All levels: In the Studentereksamen, 7 in English. European Baccalaureate All levels: 7.5 in English as either an Obligatory Subject (Language I or II) or as a Full Option (Language III or IV). Finland: Ylioppilastutkinto/Studentexamen matriculation examination All levels: In the Ylioppilastutkinto/Studentexamen matriculation examination, 5 (magna cum laude approbatur) in English at the Advanced Level. France: Baccalaureat General and Baccalauréat Français International All levels: In the Baccalaureat General or the Baccalauréat Français International (BFI),13 (assez bien) in English, where the co-efficient applied to the subject is greater than 1. Germany: Abitur All levels: In the Abitur, 12 (gut) in English when taken as an achievement/main/intensive course (LK/Advanced Level) Iceland: Studentsprof matriculation examination All levels: In the Studentsprof matriculation examination, 8 in English when taken as a compulsory modern language. India: Year 12 High School Certificate All levels: In the CISCE Indian School Certificate and CBSE Senior School Certificate Examinations, 85 in English Core (CBSE) or in English (compulsory, CISCE) subjects. Luxembourg: Examen de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires All levels: In the Examen de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires, 46 in English. The Netherlands: Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) diploma All levels: In the Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) diploma, 7 (ruim voldoende) in English. Norway: Vitnemal - videregaende opplaering All levels: In the Vitnemal - videregaende opplaering, 4 in English. Sweden: Avgangsbetyg All levels: In the Avgangsbetyg, C in English. Switzerland: Maturitatzeugnis/Certificat de Maturite/Attestato de Maturita federal maturity certificate or the federally-recognised cantonal maturity certificate All levels: In the Maturitatzeugnis/Certificat de Maturite/Attestato de Maturita federal maturity certificate or the federally-recognised cantonal maturity certificate, 4.5 in English. Submitting your results We encourage you to: provide your IELTS Test Report Form (TRF) number or TOEFL iBT appointment number within your UCAS test results, as part of your application form or, only send us any other test results if they meet our requirements given above. In these cases, you must provide the official document issued by the test provider. Please be aware, that we cannot accept any unofficial test reports or screenshots of your results. Applying as an international student Highlights Information for new students Welcome to UCL Information for new students If you are joining UCL this autumn, see our step-by-step guidance and enrolment advice, and learn about life on campus and support options. Accommodation still available Secure your room Accommodation still available New to UCL or returning for another year? A limited number of rooms are still available. Choose and book your room through the Accommodation Portal. Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus New Prospectus Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus Download your guide to our undergraduate degrees and student life at UCL. Our prospectus contains useful information on our faculties, courses, and support and wellbeing services. UCL footer Visit Bloomsbury Theatre and Studio Library, Museums and Collections UCL Maps UCL Shop Contact UCL Students Accommodation Current Students Moodle Students' Union Staff Inside UCL Staff Intranet Work at UCL Human Resources University College London Gower Street, London, WC1E 6BT Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7679 2000 UCL social media menu Link to Instagram Link to LinkedIn Link to Youtube Link to TikTok Link to Facebook Link to Bluesky Link to Threads Link to Soundcloud Here, it can happen. Back to top Essential Disclaimer Freedom of Information Accessibility Cookies Privacy Slavery statement Log in © 2026 UCL