Skip to main content Navigate back to homepage Search Term (optional) Submit search Main navigation Home Study Study Study Study at UCL Prospective students Current students Languages and international education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student finances Support and wellbeing Close sub menu modal Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Research and innovation Strategy and impact Our people Research environment Funding and support Collaborate and innovate Research news Close sub menu modal Engage Engage Engage Engage with UCL Alumni Industry and business Policy and political engagement Global engagement Health at UCL Access and widening participation Public art and community engagement Employers and recruiters Give to UCL Close sub menu modal About About About About UCL Who we are Faculties Governance President and Provost Strategy UCL's Bicentenary Close sub menu modal Active parent page: Study Active parent page: Prospective students Current students Languages and International Education Accommodation Careers Doctoral School Immigration and visas Student Finances Support and Wellbeing Open or close faculty menu Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL Undergraduate degrees Faculty menu Access UCL Scheme Accommodation Disclaimer Download the prospectus Frequently asked questions Current page: Funding your studies How to apply Why choose UCL? Your offer Courses Breadcrumb trail Study at UCL Prospective students Undergraduate degrees Fees and funding Fees and funding We know that money can be a worrying topic for most students. We aim to help by setting out clearly and simply what you need to pay for and what support is available to you. Tuition fees The level of fee will depend upon whether you're classed as a UK, Overseas or Islands student - this will be confirmed if you are offered a place at UCL. UCL's annual tuition fee covers all elements of your tuition (except any field courses you might have to take), registration and examinations. However, optional courses taken elsewhere in the University of London may attract an additional fee. Fees for accommodation are charged separately. Dual degree courses We offer several 'Dual Degree' courses where students spend half of their degree studying at UCL and the other half at a university overseas (these are distinct from Year Abroad or International courses). In these cases, fees are payable to UCL for the time spent studying at UCL, and to the other host university for the time spent there. UK student fees UK undergraduate fees for 2026/27 entry are to be confirmed and are for the first year only. Fees for subsequent years may be subject to increase: Student Terms and Conditions . UK fees are in line with the Government announcement on fee cap increases. Tuition fee loans Interest rates Repayments Tuition fees for overseas (international) students Most overseas (international) undergraduate students benefit from a cohort guarantee, meaning that their tuition fees will not increase over the duration of the course, but UCL reserves the right to increase tuition fees to reflect any sums (including levies, taxes, or similar financial charges) that UCL is required to pay any governmental authority in connection with tuition fees. The MBBS Medicine and Intercalated Medicine years are excluded from the cohort guarantee. The fees for Medicine are subject to increases of no more than RPI-X (Retail Prices Index) annually for the duration of your studies. The overseas (international) fee values published in the 2026/27 Undergraduate fee schedule are the fees that will be charged to 2026/27 entrants and are for the first year only. Entrants in 2027/28 or later (including deferred students) will pay higher fees, which will be published in August 2026. Fee schedules Courses with additional costs Students on certain degree courses will incur some additional costs not covered by their tuition fee; for example, for specialist equipment, artists' materials, books or costs related to carrying out fieldwork. Students on Architecture or Fine Art courses will need to purchase different materials depending on the nature of their work; students on Earth Sciences or Archaeology courses will need to buy some specialist tools and may need weather-proof gear. For students on courses with an element of fieldwork, there may also be extra costs for travel or a contribution to the department to cover costs. If possible additional costs concern you, please do not hesitate to contact the department in which you are interested for more details. Find a UCL Faculty Funding for students on undergraduate courses There are a number of scholarships available to undergraduate students. You can use the scholarships finder to search for awards that you might be eligible for. Your academic department may also be able to provide you with more information about funding. Scholarships Living expenses "Average living costs" can be difficult to predict, as every student will have different priorities and lifestyle choices. However, for a rough idea, there are some estimations below for an undergraduate in UCL halls and any student renting privately in London. Which? Cost of living calculator What does it cost to study at UCL? Working whilst studying Highlights Information for new students Welcome to UCL Information for new students If you are joining UCL this autumn, see our step-by-step guidance and enrolment advice, and learn about life on campus and support options. Accommodation still available Secure your room Accommodation still available New to UCL or returning for another year? A limited number of rooms are still available. Choose and book your room through the Accommodation Portal. Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus New Prospectus Get our 2027 Undergraduate Prospectus Download your guide to our undergraduate degrees and student life at UCL. Our prospectus contains useful information on our faculties, courses, and support and wellbeing services. UCL footer Visit Bloomsbury Theatre and Studio Library, Museums and Collections UCL Maps UCL Shop Contact UCL Students Accommodation Current Students Moodle Students' Union Staff Inside UCL Staff Intranet Work at UCL Human Resources University College London Gower Street, London, WC1E 6BT Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7679 2000 UCL social media menu Link to Instagram Link to LinkedIn Link to Youtube Link to TikTok Link to Facebook Link to Bluesky Link to Threads Link to Soundcloud Here, it can happen. Back to top Essential Disclaimer Freedom of Information Accessibility Cookies Privacy Slavery statement Log in © 2026 UCL