01 02 01 01 Application Guide 1. Pre-announcement for the academic year of 2027 The KU online Korean Level test-previously available to applicants who did not meet the language proficiency requirements outlined in Sections (a) to (c) on page 6 of the admissions guide-will no longer be available from the Spring 2027 International Undergraduate Admission. Accordingly, beginning with the Spring 2027, all applicants must submit official language proficiency test scores that meet Korea University's requirements. 2. Application Timelines Item Schedule Notes Online Application Submission and Documents Upload March 2 (10:00) March 27, 2026 (17:00) l Office of International Affairs website: https://oia.korea.ac.kr l The online application process is considered complete only after the application fee has been paid and all required documents have been successfully submitted online before the deadline. l The application documents (PDF version) must be uploaded online (max. 40MB). Application Materials Submission March 2 (10:00) March 31, 2026 (17:00) l Documents must be submitted by postal mail. l Office closed on weekends and public holidays l All supporting documents must arrive by the designated deadline (Korea Standard Time). l To ensure timely delivery and avoid any issues, please use certified mail, parcel services, or international express mail with a tracking number. ※ Address: Korea University, International Education Team, #301 Dongwon Global Leadership Hall, 145 Anam-ro, Seongbuk-gu, Seoul 02841, Korea Admission Result Notification June 12, 2026 (17:00) l Admission results will be available exclusively online at https://oia.korea.ac.kr l The International Admissions Office does not notify applicants individually of admission results. Registration for Admitted Students July 2026 (to be confirmed) l Tuition fee must be paid in full through bank transfer, ATM, internet banking, phone banking, Alipay, UnionPay, or other available payment methods to the virtual account assigned by Korea University. ※ The dates are subject to change. Any changes will be updated on the Office of International Affairs website. ※ All dates and times are based on Korea Standard Time (KST). 02 3. Admission Category & Fields of Study 1) International Undergraduate Admission Ⅰ ※ This list is subject to change. Please check for updates before submitting your online application. ※ It is possible to apply to International Undergraduate Admission Ⅰ& Ⅱ simultaneously. ※ International Undergraduate Admission Ⅰ applicants may select a first-choice and second-choice major. (Applications for the Medicine and Nursing majors are only open for spring intake) College/Division Field Major Korea University Business School Humanities Business Administration College of Liberal Arts Humanities Korean Language and Literature Philosophy Korean History History Sociology Sinographic Literatures English Language and Literature German Language and Literature French Language and Literature Chinese Language and Literature College of Liberal Arts Humanities Russian Language and Literature Japanese Language and Literature Spanish Language and Literature Linguistics College of Life Sciences & Biotechnology Science Life Sciences Biotechnology Food Bioscience and Technology Environmental Science and Ecological Engineering Humanities Food and Resource Economics College of Political Science and Economics Humanities Political Science and International Relations Economics Statistics Public Administration College of Science Science Mathematics Physics Chemistry Earth and Environmental Science College of Engineering Science Chemical & Biological Engineering Materials Science & Engineering Civil, Environmental, & Architectural Engineering Architecture (5 years) Mechanical Engineering Industrial Management Engineering Electrical Engineering Integrative Energy Engineering College of Education◆ Humanities Education Korean Language Education English Education 03 ◆ According to the Regulations for Student Enrollment of the College of Education, the acceptance rate of international students cannot exceed 10% of the total admission quota. ★ For the International Studies major (English track), proof of English language proficiency is required. * The School of Interdisciplinary Studies admits students without requiring a declared major through its Open Major Program. Students have the flexibility to choose their primary major from any department or academic field. However, their home college will remain the School of Interdisciplinary Studies. For more information on major declaration and other academic policies, please visit the school of Interdisciplinary Studies website(https://sis.korea.ac.kr/sis/join/notice.do). ***University College offers a one-year curriculum that includes required General Studies, the Intensive Korean Language Program, and the 'Incubating Program'. After completing the first-year curriculum, students may select their desired major from among 46 departments across the Humanities, Social Sciences, Natural Sciences, Arts & Design, and Engineering, and then progress into their selected department. For more information, please visit the University College website: https://univ.korea.edu Before choosing your major, please check the course catalog, curriculum and the number of English taught courses offered in the department of your interest. 1) Information about colleges and majors: https://oia.korea.ac.kr➜ Undergraduate Admission➜ Schools & Departments 2) Undergraduate courses: https://sugang.korea.ac.kr ➜ Search Course➜ Undergraduate Courses(English-taught courses are indicated as (English) next to the course title) College/Division Field Major Geography Education History Education Science Home Economics Education Mathematics Education Physical Education Physical Education College of Informatics Science Computer Science and Engineering Data Science Artificial Intelligence School of Art & Design Art & Design Art & Design College of International Studies Humanities International Studies (English Track)★ Global Korean Studies College of Media & Communication Humanities Media & Communication Global Entertainment** College of Health Science Science Biomedical Engineering Biosystems & Biomedical Science Health Environmental Science Humanities Health Policy & Management School of Interdisciplinary Studies Humanities/ Science School of Interdisciplinary Studies* School of Smart Security Science Smart Security School of Psychology Humanities Psychology University College Humanities/ Science University College*** 04 2) International Undergraduate AdmissionⅡ ※ International Undergraduate Admission II applicants can apply to International Undergraduate Admission I (first-choice major only) simultaneously. ※ Additional information regarding major selection and academic policies for the School of Global Studies can be accessed via the QR code below. Fields of Study Contents Global Open Major, College of International Studies** l Global Open Major Year 1: Applicants will be admitted to and enrolled in the College of International Studies, and take general education and Korean language courses. Years 2 to 4: Students will be assigned a major in one of the following fields of Humanities, Social Sciences, Natural Sciences, Art & Design, and Engineering, and take major-related courses and electives. l Notes Before entering Year 2, a specific major will be determined at the end of the freshmen year based on the student's language ability(Korean or English) in Year 1. To be assigned to the major you apply for, TOPIK level 5 (Korean) or IELTS 7.0 or TOEFL iBT 100 (5 in the new TOEFL scale) (English) or higher is required. (Separate lists specify the departments eligible for Korean-based and English-based major assignment.) l Inquiries must be directed to the College of International Studies. Korean URL: https://int.korea.ac.kr/kuis_ko/about/brochure.do English URL: https://int.korea.edu/kuis/about/brochure.do Tel: +82-2-3290-1391, 1392 Email: gkss@korea.ac.kr ** Department of Global Entertainment (International Undergraduate Admission I) and Global Open Major (International Undergraduate Admission II) recruit international students only. 05 02 Eligibility Both the applicant and the applicant's parent(s) must be non-Korean citizens. The applicant must have completed regular primary and secondary education, equivalent to Grades 1 to 12 in the Korean education system, either in Korea or overseas, and plan to graduate before August 2026. The applicant must meet all of the following three eligibility criteria. 1. Citizenship Requirements Citizenship status is determined at the time of application submission. If applicant and applicant's parent(s) have multiple citizenships including Korean citizenship, the applicant is not eligible to apply. If applicant and applicant's parent(s) renounced their Korean citizenship, please refer to the following. A. In order to be eligible as "a non-Korean citizen applicant with non-Korean citizen parent(s)", the applicant and applicant's parent(s) must have obtained citizenship of another country before entering high school. B. If the applicant and applicant's parent(s) renounced Korean citizenship, official documents (i.e. Declaration of Loss of Nationality, Family Relations Certificate) must be provided as evidence even if the applicant and the applicant's parent(s) possess citizenship of another country and have never lived in Korea previously. The document must contain explicit details on the loss of Korean citizenship and its date. C. Submitting an application for renunciation of Korean citizenship as a proof of one's loss of Korean citizenship is not considered valid. Adopted applicants are eligible to apply as an international student only if the applicant obtained a citizenship of another country (other than Korea) before starting primary education (Grade 1). However, proof of the loss of Korean citizenship must be submitted. When an applicant's parent with legal custody is remarried to a Korean citizen, even if the applicant has not been adopted by both parents through a legal process, the applicant will not be eligible to apply as an international applicant. 2. Academic Requirements The applicant must complete regular primary and secondary education, equivalent to Grades 1 to 12 in the Korean education system, either in Korea or overseas. Completion of qualification examinations and programs such as GED, homeschooling, online courses, or language schools, etc., from the level of primary, secondary to higher education are not regarded as equivalent to a regular academic school curriculum. 06 3. Language Proficiency Requirements - Please submit one of the following documents. - Only those official test results within 2-year as of the application submission are acceptable. A. Korean A score report of the Test of Proficiency in Korean (TOPIK / TOPIK iBT regular test) or ※ TOPIK iBT Trial Test Score is NOT acceptable. A certificate of level completion and transcripts from the Korean Language Center at Korea University (Seoul Campus) or A certificate of level completion and transcripts from a Korean language center at other IEQAS universities* in Korea accredited by the Korean Ministry of Education A certificate of completion of intermediate level from King Sejong Institute or Sejong Korean Language Assessment (SKA) ※ A certificate of completion from Online King Sejong Institute is NOT acceptable. B. English A score report for TOEFL iBT (including Home Edition / Enhancement) or IELTS Academic ※ TOEFL My Best Scores/Essential, IELTS Indicator are NOT acceptable. ※ For International Studies major, English language qualification is mandatory. C. Applicants who have completed the entire curriculum of secondary education in Korean or English as the primary language of instruction** must submit an official academic transcript and a letter of confirmation about Korean or English being the medium of instruction issued by the school. D. Other: Applicants who are unable to submit any one of the (A) - (C) requirements, can register for the Korea University online Korean level test*** and submit the results as an alternative. (Further information for this option will be provided individually) * List of IEQAS universities (Certification required for both degree program and language training program) (https://www.studyinkorea.go.kr > University Search > click on 'Education international competency certification' > Search ** An applicant who has completed an entire curriculum of secondary education in Korean at a school overseas must have completed a curriculum that is recognized and accredited by the Korean Ministry of Education. *** 2026 Fall Semester KU Online Korean Level Test Test Date: April 11, 2026(Sat) / subject to change Eligibility & Registration: Please check the KU Online Korean Level Test box when submitting your online application. Detailed information will be sent individually via email after your eligibility is confirmed Test Fee: KRW 100,000 (separate from the application fee) Test fee Payment instructions will be sent individually via email. 07 ※ Guide about Intensive Korean Language Program and Restrictions on Major Course Enrollment Admitted students may be subject to obligatory intensive Korean language training and restrictions on major course enrollment based on their submitted TOPIK score or the level completed at the Korean Language Center at KU (Seoul Campus) and other domestic IEQAS-certified universities in Korea accredited by the Korean Ministry of Education. Korean Language Proficiency Level Korean Language Training Enrollment in Major Courses l TOPIK (TOPIK iBT regular test) l KU KLC l IEQAS universities* l KU online Korean level test** Level 5 or Higher No training No restrictions l TOPIK (TOPIK iBT regular test) l KU KLC l IEQAS universities* l KU online Korean level test** Level 4 One semester of mandatory training Allowed to enroll in major courses up to 6 credits per regular semester. (Students are allowed to take up to 19 credits per semester including general education courses.) l TOPIK (TOPIK iBT regular test) l KU KLC l IEQAS universities* l KU online Korean level test** l King Sejong Institute or Sejong Korean Language Assessment (SKA) certificate of completion of intermediate level * Level 3 or Lower Two semesters of mandatory training Enrollment in major courses is not allowed.(Students are allowed to take up to 19 credits per semester including general education courses.) ※ Students who take intensive Korean language training can earn 3-6 academic credits as electives. ※ Depending on each department (or division), students with high English language proficiency will receive an exemption from intensive Korean language training and there will be no restrictions in taking major courses. ※ An applicants with a Korean language level certificates from other IEQAS universities or certificates of completion from the King Sejong Institute or Sejong Korean Language Assessment (SKA)* will be required to take a placement test at the University College. ※ The results of the KU online Korean level test** will be based on the test conducted by the Korea University Korean Language Center on April 11, 2026. ※ For any inquires regarding the Intensive Korean Language Program, please contact the University College. ☎ +82 (0)2-3290-1086 / kuige@korea.ac.kr 08 03 Application Information 1. Admission Criteria There is no set quota per major. Evaluation is based on a holistic assessment of the submitted application and supporting documents, assessing the applicant's academic ability, aptitude for their field of study, academic language proficiency, and extracurricular activities. ※ However, an interview or test on specific skills may be conducted depending on the field of study. In such cases, applicants will be notified in advance with additional guidelines. For applicants who have attended or are currently attending a Korean high school accredited by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Korea, any records of school bullying, harassment, or violence will be qualitatively evaluated as part of the holistic documentation review. When a tie score occurs, applicants with equal scores will all be selected for admission. When an applicant is considered not to have satisfied the essential requirements by the International Admissions Committee, he or she will not be admitted. Admission decisions are made by the International Admissions Committee. Any other details for the application review process follow the general admission policies of Korea University. All details regarding the application review process, including the evaluation, are confidential and will not be disclosed. Applicants who apply to Korea University in an inadequate manner or interfere in the admission process may face punitive consequences and have their application revoked. 2. Application Procedures A. How to apply online Access the online application website through https://oia.korea.ac.kr Create an account and click on [Korea University] Admission for International Students Read the application guidelines carefully Make the online application fee payment Check and confirm that the information entered in the form is correct Fill in the online application and upload a photo Upload PDF versions of the documents The online application submission is completed Send the required original hard copies by postal mail (mandatory) 09 B. Application fee payment Field Fees (KRW) Humanities or Science 150,000 Art & Design 200,000 ※ The application fee (including the commission fee) must be paid in full at the time of the online application submission within the deadline of the application period. ※ Applicants applying to International Undergraduate Admission I and II simultaneously must pay the application fee for each type of admission separately. ※ According to Article 34, Section 4, Clause 5 of the Korean Higher Education Act, the application fees will be utilized for processing the applications and remaining application fees will be returned to applicants. Each individual applicant's reimbursement shall be proportionate to the total number of applicants. ※ If the applicant chooses to have the refunded application fee transferred to a bank account, the transaction costs for using the bank services will be subtracted from the refunded application fee. If the transaction cost exceeds the refunded application fee, there will be no refund. ※ Please inspect the information on the application carefully before the application fee payment is made as the information cannot be edited, revoked nor can the fee be refunded after payment is completed. However, if an applicant is unable to complete the admission process due to a natural disaster or other circumstances beyond their control, they may submit an application fee refund form along with supporting documentation. The documents submitted for refund will be evaluated and a full or partial refund (after the transaction cost is deducted) may be possible. C. Notices for application 1) Applicants cannot withdraw their application or change their choice of major after the application fee has been completed. 2) Online applications must be made personally by each applicant. If a violation is found, the applicant may face penalties such as admission cancellation and other restrictions. 3) Photographs (3x4cm / max. 24KB) must have been taken within the last three months. 4) Online application submissions may be confirmed by printing the submission slip. Please make sure to print the application form and the mailing label for your application envelope. 5) The mailing label must be affixed to the application envelope. 6) Applicants are responsible for any disadvantages arising from any errors or omissions on the application. 7) Contact information such as 'phone number' and 'email address' must be accurate so that the International Education Team may reach the applicant or guardian during the application period. The applicant is responsible for any disadvantages caused by providing incorrect information. 10 04 Supporting Documents & Notices 1. Required Documents for All Applicants Documents Notes Copy of Online Application l Documents ① - ③ must be completed, and be printed from the online application system for submission. Statement of Purpose Consent of Collection and Use of Personal Information & Citizenship Statement Photocopy of the Passport Information (photo) Page of the Applicant and Parent(s) l In case parent(s) do not hold valid passports, a photocopy of their official ID (with notarized translation) may be submitted in lieu of a passport. Family Register / Relationship Certificate l Chinese applicants: Translated and notarized Hukoubu (户口簿) issued after 2022 and a certificate of family relationship (亲属关系证明) l Applicants other than Chinese: Birth certificate of the applicant, family register, resident registration or certificate of family relations to confirm the relationship between the applicant and parent(s) l All documents must be translated in English or Korean with notarization. Proof of Language Proficiency l Authorized language proficiency test score of English or Korean (TOPIK, TOPIK iBT, TOEFL iBT, TOEFL iBT Enhancement, IELTS Academic) within the validity period. l For those who have completed the regular curriculum at Korea University's Korean Language Center or a Korean language center at a domestic IEQAS-certified university in Korea, the certificate of level completion and transcripts must be submitted. l King Sejong Institute or Sejong Korean Language Assessment (SKA) certificate of completion of intermediate level l Applicants who have completed the entire curriculum of secondary education in Korean or English as the primary language of instruction must submit an official academic transcript and a letter of confirmation about Korean or English being the main language of instruction issued by the high school. l Applicants who apply to International Studies major, must submit proof of language proficiency in English. 1) Official Transcript of High/Secon dary School Must obtain apostille stamps or consular authentication l If an applicant graduated from a secondary school in Korea, a 'School Life Records II' must be submitted with a school stamp and an apostille is NOT required. l If an applicant is not able to submit an official high school transcript with academic records for each semester and each year, an official letter from the school is required to explain the reasons. l All academic transcripts must have descriptions clarifying the grading scale. l All Chinese applicants are required to submit the Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (中等教育学历验证报告), the Verification Report of Huikao Results (会考成绩认证报告) and the Online Verification Report of Student Record (教育部学历证书) issued by the CHSI (学信 网: http://www.chsi.com.cn). - Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (中等教育学历验证报告), Verification Report of Huikao Results (会考成绩认证报告), and Online Verification Report of Student Record (教育部学历证书) must be submitted as a certified report in English. - 高考: Test takers only l Apostille stamps or Korean consular authentication must be on the original academic documents. - In case applicants cannot submit the original academic documents, apostille stamps or Korean consular authentication must be on original notarized academic documents 3) Official Graduation Certificate of High/Secon dary School 11 Documents Notes Portfolio (A4, max. 10 items) and Statement of Verification for Portfolio l Applicable to Art & Design applicants only l Portfolio should be printed on A4, with each sheet containing only a single piece of work. l Statement of Verification for Portfolio must be completed by using the KU form provided. l Portfolios must be submitted in accordance with the guidelines provided in the School of Art & Design Portfolio Submission Guide(refer to page 11). Optional Documents - List of optional documents l Optional Documents: School Profile, Official scores (language proficiency test results, international standard qualification of education, licenses, etc.) obtained since high school. l Gaokao (高考) reports of Chinese applicants must be in English and certified by CHSI. l All submitted optional documents must be printed on A4, with each sheet containing only a single item. ※ A proof of bank balance (KRW 20,000,000 or more) will be required to submit for visa application only those for applicants who are successfully admitted. A. Precautions for academic documents of graduates (expected) of high schools in China In the case of graduates of Chinese vocational/art high schools and international high schools, a copy of the certificate of school authorization issued by the relevant government office/institution (with verification of Korean consulate in China or Apostille) should be attached and submitted with one of the following documents. (Requirement from the Ministry of Justice's Foreign Stay Management Guidelines). * 'Academic accreditation' recognition is required. Certificate of graduation issued by the school (Confirmation of Chinese Education Authorities* and Korean consulate or Apostille) Certificate of graduation issued by Chinese Education Authorities* (Must obtain verification of Korean consulate in China or Apostille) * The City Board of Education or Ministry of Authorization for Establishment (Institution), In the case of Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, and Tianjin, the official name of the local education authority is "Education Committee." ※ In the case of Skills Workers schools belonging to the 'Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of China(中华人民共和国人力资源和社会保障部)', a printed copy or a print-screen copy (with verification of Korean consulate in China) from the 'Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security' official website (www.mohrss.gov.cn) will be accepted. B. Portfolio Submission Guidelines - School of Art & Design ※ Applicants must clearly indicate the medium and techniques used for each submitted artwork. 2D Works: watercolor, oil paint, acrylic, pencil, charcoal, conte, marker, ink wash, traditional ink and color painting, traditional mineral pigment, etc. 3D Works: paper, clay, modeling clay, mixed media, etc. Digital Works: if the artwork is created using digital tools and the final output is a digital image, it must be labeled as "Digital Artwork." AI-Assisted Works: if artificial intelligence tools were used in the creation process, please clearly state "AI-Assisted." ※ Note: Any false or misleading information regarding the medium or techniques used may lead to disqualification or cancellation of admission. 12 2. Required Documents for Relevant Applicants A. International applicants with Korean ethnicity Documents Notes Official documents that prove the applicant and the applicant's parent(s) no longer possess Korean citizenship l 'Family Relations Certificate (details)' issued under the applicant's name, 'Certificate of Removal from Family Registry', the 'Declaration of Loss of Nationality' for both the applicant and parent(s), or 'Certificate of Alien Registration'. - Submitting an application for renunciation of Korean citizenship as proof of one's loss of Korean citizenship is not considered valid. - If the applicant and applicant's parent(s) renounced Korean citizenship, official documents (i.e., Declaration of Loss of Korean Nationality, Family Relations Certificate) must be provided as evidence even if the applicant and the applicant's parent(s) possess citizenship of another country and have never lived in Korea previously. The document must contain explicit details on the loss of Korean citizenship and its date. B. Cases of requirements for additional proof Case Documents Parent's Death l Certificate of Death Parents' Divorce l Documents that display proof of parental authority and custody l Remarriage Certificate of the parent who has applicant's parental authority and custody Single-parent Family l Form provided by KU must be filled in and submitted with an official confirmation certified by a government institution (i.e., embassy, domestic relations court etc.) in the applicant's home country. Adopted Applicant l Official document of adoption l Documents indicating that the applicant obtained a citizenship other than Korean before starting primary education (Grade 1) l Proof of the loss of Korean citizenship 13 3. Notices for Submitting Documents A. Important notes All required documents must be uploaded on the Uwayapply online application system as PDF files and submitted by the designated deadline. Failure to do so will result in an incomplete and invalid application. All required documents must be scanned and saved as A4-size PDF files, and submitted in the order listed in the Document Submission list (e.g., Cpoy of Passport_FAFA12345_Hong Gil-dong). The maximum size of the file is limited to 40MB. Please refer to the 'Documents Submission List' before you start the application process. Applicants must mark your application number on the top right corner of every document that you submit. Applicants who applied to International Undergraduate Admission I and II simultaneously must submit separate application forms and Statement of Purpose for each admission type. However, other required documents can be submitted once. The International Education Team must receive the original documents uploaded by the designated deadline (March 31, 2026, Korea Standard Time). All uploaded and submitted documents must be clear and legible. If not, the applicant may be responsible for any disadvantages that may occur as a consequence. Documents that are not in Korean or English must be translated and publicly notarized. A notarized translation must be uploaded along with the original documents, arranged in the following order: first the notarized translation, followed by the original document. Documents that are translated by an individual and therefore not publicly notarized will not be accepted. Submission of translated documents without the original documents will not be accepted. In case of any discrepancies between the original and translated documents, the applicant will be responsible for any disadvantages. In the case of any uncertainty about an applicant's eligibility, the applicant may be asked for additional supporting documents. If there is a reasonable suspicion of plagiarism or ghostwriting in an applicant's materials, KU may request a written explanation or supporting evidence. If the suspicion is substantiated, the applicant may face penalties, including a reduction in evaluation scores, disqualification from the admissions process, or revocation of admission at any time. If there is an inconsistency in the applicant's name on the application form and supporting documents, it is the applicant's responsibility to provide evidence to support that the documents pertain to the identical person. A student who graduated from high school in Korea should submit 'School Life Records II'. A high school transcript and certificate of attendance should be submitted from each high school the applicant attended. Any academic achievement without submission of supporting documents may not be considered or accepted as official. All of the documents submitted in support of your application for admission will not be returned. Admission decisions are made by the International Admissions Committee. Any other details for the application review process will follow the general admission policies of KU. 14 B. Notes for Admission Denial or Revocation Concerning the following cases, admission may be denied or revoked: 1) Applicant who does not submit documents within the designated period 2) Applicant who does not submit required documents or submits insufficient/incomplete documents 3) Applicant who fraudulently carries out the application process (※ Admission may be denied or revoked if any violations are discovered after the results are released.) 4) Applicant who does not meet the eligibility criteria 5) Applicant who is considered to lack the required academic skills An applicant's admission may be denied or revoked if the submitted documents are found to be different from the uploaded documents. C. Notes for optional documents Optional documents for submission (maximum 10 items) - Official language proficiency test result (HSK, JLPT, JPT, DELF, DALF, etc.) - Standardized international admissions qualifications tests (ACT, A-level, AP, IB, SAT, 高考, HKDSE, ATAR, NCEA, STPM, etc.) - National qualification certificate, state certified qualification, etc. - Documents issued by a high school/university: prize conferred by high school/university for activities carried out at high school/university KU institution number for score reporting - ETS: 8228 - College Board: 5443 - IBO: 002366 - ACT: 2935 05 Registration, Refunds & Visa Application 1. Registration & Refund Policies A. Tuition payment Item Period Notes Registration Early July, 2026 (to be confirmed) l Tuition fees for Fall 2026 must be paid in full via bank transfer, ATM, internet banking, phone banking, Alipay, UnionPay etc. to the virtual bank account provided by Korea University. l Admission will be revoked if the tuition payment is not completed within the specified registration period. 15 B. Tuition Refund Item Deadline Notes Request for Refund July, 2026 (to be confirmed) l If an applicant has been admitted to KU and completed registration but wishes to request a tuition refund, the applicant must submit a request form withdrawing one's admission by the specified deadline. l Any transaction charge that may occur will be deducted in advance from the refunded tuition fee. C. Other Admitted applicants will be required to provide apostille or consular authentication on all documents issued by overseas schools/institutions and the documents (final transcript and graduation certificate) must be submitted to Korea University by the specified deadline (except those who already submitted the documents at the time of the application period). Those who do not submit the documents by the deadline may have their admission revoked and no other type of authentication will be approved. ※ No apostille/consular authentication required on certificates issued by Korean elementary, middle, and high schools in Korea - Countries with Apostille Convention can be found on https://www.hcch.net - Confirmation of the Korean consulate of the host country: Obtain confirmation from the Korean Embassy in the country where the graduating high school is located (Ministry of Foreign Affairs Consular Call Center: 02-3210-0404) Those who have been admitted to more than one type of admission or to other universities for Fall 2026 will have to choose only one type of admission or university to enroll in. According to the Korea University regulations, those who already registered in Korea University (including the graduate school) may be revoked their admission if the student will not complete to delete one's current academic records until the Fall 2026 semester starts. 2. Visa Application Guide A. Visa application procedure Admission results announcement Check results online Full tuition payment/ submission of the final academic documents and the proof of bank balance Visa application (CoA, tuition payment receipt and other documents needed) Download the CoA online KU issues Certificate of Admission (CoA) for visa B. Certificate of Admission (CoA) 1) A CoA will be issued after the registration and additional documents' submission is completed. All international students who need to apply for a D-2 visa or change their current visa status must receive a CoA issued by KU. 2) Date of issuance: July, 2026 (to be confirmed) C. Visa Students have to apply for the student visa (D-2) through the Korean embassy (consulate) or the immigration office. 16 06 Scholarship Guide And Other Notices 1. Undergraduate Scholarships Scholarships are awarded based on the applicant's admission evaluation, and no separate application is required. Scholarship results will be individually notified to the selected recipients at the same time as the admission announcement. Scholarship Details Benefits Renewal Requirements Anam Global Scholarship awarded to the top-ranked admitted student in each academic track Full tuition fee (8 semesters) Must complete at least 12 credits each semester Must maintain minimum GPA of 3.5 each semester (Both conditions are required for renewal.) KU STEM Overseas scholarship for top-tier outstanding students in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) fields Full tuition fee (4 semesters) Global Leader A Outstanding students with the highest admission results. Global Leader B Outstanding students with upper-ranking admission results. 50% of tuition fee (4 semesters) Must complete at least 12 credits each semester Must maintain minimum GPA of 3.0 each semester (Both conditions are required for renewal.) KU Global Friends Outstanding students from Africa, South America, or other developing countries with excellent admission results. Full tuition fee (4 semesters) Bright Future(B) Outstanding students with excellent admission results who have been selected as scholarship recipients by their respective national governments. KRW 1,000,000 per semester (8 semesters) Challenge(C) Granted to newly admitted students who have completed regular programs at the Korea University Language Center prior to admission and submitted certificates of completion with the application documents. Level 6: KRW 500,000 Level 5: KRW 300,000 Provided once per student, in the 1st semester only * For more information on scholarships visit: (https://oia.korea.ac.kr/oia/under/Scholarships.do) * Undergraduate scholarship information for international students can be found on the Global Services Center website. (https://gsc.korea.ac.kr/usr/international/scolarships.do) 2. Korean Language Pre-program for Admitted International Undergraduate Students (Course Period: Late June, 2026 - Mid-July, 2026) ※ This application guide was originally written in Korean and translated into other languages. In case of any conflicts in interpretation, the Korean version of the application guide prevails over the translated versions. 17 07 Forms ※ This form is for reference only. It must be completed and submitted online during the application period. Forms must be completed in either Korean or English only. Fall 2026 Undergraduate Application Form for International Students Photograph (3x4cm) A. Application Information Type Department/Major Application No. (For office use only) gfedcFreshman gfedcTransfer 1st (mandatory) 2nd (optional) B. Applicant Information Full Passport Name (first and last name) Full Name Gender Date of Birth *여권에 기재된 이름 기입 gfedcF gfedcM Nationality Dual Citizenship Current Visa Status gfedcNo gfedcYes , Contact Number in Home Country Contact Number in Korea E-mail Permanent Mailing Address Current Mailing Address Place of Birth (city/country) First Language Other languages (if any) C. Family Information Guardian 1 Full Passport Name Nationality Dual Citizenship Contact Number gfedcNo gfedcYes , Relationship to applicant Residential Address Guardian 2 Full Passport Name Nationality Dual Citizenship Contact Number gfedcNo gfedcYes , Relationship to applicant Residential Address 18 D. Educational Background 1. University/ College 2. High School 3. Middle School 4. Elementary School Name of School City/Country Enrollment Graduation Major MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY MM/YYYY E. Proof of Language Proficiency Korean Test Date & City/Country Test Score 1. TOPIK 2. Certificate from Korea University Korean Language Center 3. KU Online Korean Level Test 4. SKA/King Sejong Institute 5. Other English Test Date & City/Country Test Score 1. TOEFL 2. IELTS Academic 3. Other F. Other Qualifications Name of Test/Qualification Test Date & City/Country Test Score 1. 2. 1. I certify that all information provided in the application process is true, accurate and complete. 2. I have read and understood Korea University's policies regarding the submission of documents as stated in the Application Guide. I agree that all documents submitted will not be returned and I will not make an inquiry about this policy. Signature Date 19 Attendance Report 1. Overall attendance report for elementary, middle, high school education. (Please mark 'V' in the relevant academic years and semesters you completed.) Name of School (City/Country) Years of Academic Study & Semesters Duration of Study (MM/YYYY/-MM/YYYY) ( Years Months) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 3 4 5 6 2. Attendance report for university/college education (if applicable) Name of University/College (City/Country) Duration of Study (MM/YYYY/-MM/YYYY) ( Years Months) University/College Contact Information 3. Unusual circumstances (repeated grade/skipped grade, early graduation, missing grades, leave of absence, etc.) Case Reason * I hearby certify that the above information is true and accurate. Application number: Full passport name: Signature: 20 ※ 본 서식은 참고용이며, 학업계획서는 고려대학교 온라인 원서접수 사이트를 통해 입력하시기 바랍니다. ※ This form is for reference only. Please enter your statement of purpose on the Korea University online application site (https://oia.korea.ac.kr/). 지원자 인적사항 Applicant Information 수험번호 Application No. 지원모집단위 Dept./Major 성명 Full Name 생년월일 Date of Birth YYYY.MM.DD 외국인 특별전형(신입학) 학업계획서 Statement of Purpose for International Undergraduate Admission (Freshmen) 1. 귀하가 재학 중인(또는 재학했던) 고등학교 교과과정 및 선호 과목에 대해 간략히 기술하고, 해당 전공에 지원한 동기를 서술해 주시기 바랍니다. Please briefly describe the curriculum and your preferred subjects at your current (or former) high school and explain your motivation for applying to your chosen major(s). 띄어쓰기 포함 800자 이내로 기술하시기 바랍니다. (1600 byte or less including spaces) 2. 고등학교 재학 기간 중 다양성(예: 나이, 종교, 성, 문화, 사회, 인종 등)으로 인해 어려웠던 점과 그 극복을 위해 노력했던 경험을 학업 외 활동을 중심으로 기술해 주시기 바랍니다. Please describe any difficulties you faced due to diversity (e.g., age, religion, gender, culture, society, race, etc.) and elaborate on your experiences in overcoming these challenges, focusing on activities outside of academics. 띄어쓰기 포함 800자 이내로 기술하시기 바랍니다. (1600 byte or less including spaces) 3. 고려대학교에서 귀하를 선발해야하는 이유가 있다면 그 이유와 입학 후 본인의 계획에 대해 기술해 주시기 바랍니다. Explain why Korea University should select you and describe your future plans if you are admitted to the university. 띄어쓰기 포함 800자 이내로 기술하시기 바랍니다. (1600 byte or less including spaces) ※ 학업계획서는 반드시 한글 또는 영어로 작성하여야 하며, 지정된 분량을 초과하여 작성할 수 없습니다. The Statement of Purpose must be written in either Korean or English, and it should not exceed the specified length. 21 개인정보 수집 이용에 대한 동의서 귀하께서 제공하신 개인 정보는 학부 원서 접수 및 학부 전형을 위해 이용하고 있고, 이외의 다른 목적에는 사용되지 않습니다. 1. 개인정보 수집 항목 - 이름, 주소, 전화번호, 휴대전화번호, 이메일, 추가 연락처, 모집단위, 학교정보(최종학력 구분, 재학/출신 고등학교명/대학명, 졸업(예정)연도), 자기소개서 등 전형에 필요한 정보 2. 개인정보의 수집 및 이용 목적 - 학부 원서접수 및 학부 전형을 위해 개인정보가 사용됩니다. - 합격 후 학력조회 및 학사 행정과 관련하여 제3자에게 제공될 수 있습니다. 3. 개인정보의 보유 및 이용 기간 - 개인정보 보유기간의 경과, 처리목적 달성 등 개인정보가 불필요하게 되었을 때에는 지체없이 해당 개인 정보를 파기합니다. 4. 개인정보의 수집 이용 동의에 대하여 거부할 수 있으며, 동의 거부 시 원서접수가 불가합니다. 동의함 gfedc 동의하지 않음 gfedc 서명 Consent for Collection and Use of Personal Information The personal information and personally identifiable information provided are used for processing and screening the application. The information provided will not be used for any other purposes. Information such as your name, address, telephone/mobile number, email address, applied major, educational background (name of schools/universities, graduation year, etc.), personal statement, etc., will be kept confidential. 1. Collection of personal information - Full-name, address, telephone/mobile phone number, email address, contacts, fields of study, school or university information, (expected) graduation year, personal statement and so on 2. Purpose of collection and use of personal information - Personal information can be used to process the application - If applicant is admitted, his/her personal information may be provided to a third party in relation to an academic background check and administrative purposes. 3. Retention and disposal of personal information - When personal information becomes unnecessary or its retention period expires, the information will be immediately disposed of. 4. I understand that I have a right to refuse the collection and use of my personally identifiable information. However, I also understand that my refusal to give my consent may result in my application being rejected. I agree. gfedc I do not agree. gfedc Signature 22 Fall 2026 International Admissions Statement of Verification for Portfolio ⦁Applied Major: Art & Design ⦁Name of Applicant: ⦁Application Number I, , hereby state that the submitted portfolio was created by me. As an applicant for Fall 2026, I am confirming that this portfolio was created solely by me, without any help from a third party. By submitting this verification statement, I take full responsibility and accept any penalty imposed by the International Admissions Committee at Korea University if the above statement is found to by false. Applicant's Signature 23 [Portfolio Submission Form- School of Arts & Design] - A4 size, up to 10 pages, must be completed in either Korean or English only. - The portfolio must be submitted together with the signed Statement of Verification for Portfolio. Date of Production Materials / Techniques Dimensions(W×H×D) No. ( ) Title of work 24 List of Optional Documents Applied Major Application No. Full Name No Name/Type Test/Qualification/Program Organization Notes Date City/Country 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 < Important Notes > Optional documents may be submitted maximum 10 pages with one type of activity on one page. All documents must be submitted either in Korean or English. Documents in other languages must be translated and notarized. Admitted applicants must submit the original documents corresponding to the ones they uploaded on the online application system previously. In case of admitted students who submitted official examination scores as optional documents, score reporting must be made by no later than March 31, 2026. Please write the page and application number as well as the applicant's name in the upper right hand corner of the documents and submit them in the relevant order. 25 Statement of Reasons for Issues Requiring Further Clarification Applied Major Application No. Full Name Reason gfedcMissing semesters gfedcRepeated grade gfedcSkipped grade gfedcLeave of absence gfedcEarly graduation gfedcOther I declare that all information provided in this statement is true and accurate. If any information is found to be false, I acknowledge that my application or admission may be denied or revoked at any time. month. date. 2026 Signature * Please check on the relevant box and explain in more detail. * The stated reasons must be supported with proof of documents by the relevant institution to support your claim. * If you fail to submit any proof of the stated reasons, your application may be rejected. 26 2026학년도 후기 외국인 특별전형(학부) 한 부모 가정 확인서 Status Confirmation of Single-parent Family 1. 지원자 정보 (Applicant) 수험번호 (Application No.) 성 명 (Full Name) 생년월일 (Date of Birth) 모집단위 (Applied Major) 사 유 (Reason) 한 부모 가정 (Single-parent Family) gfedc미혼모 (Single Mother) gfedc미혼부 (Single Father) ※ 부모 이혼의 경우 한 부모 가정 확인서가 아닌 이혼증빙서류 제출 필수 (In cases of parental divorce, official divorce documentation is required.) 2. 보호자 정보 (Legal Guardian) 지원자와의 관계 (Relationship to Applicant) gfedc모 (Mother) gfedc부 (Father) gfedc기타 (Other) 성 명 (Full Name) 생년월일 (Date of Birth) 국 적 (Nationality) 본인은 상기 지원자의 유일한 법적 보호인으로서, 자국 정부기관의 공식 확인을 득하여 해당 확인서를 제출합니다. 이 사유서는 사실에 기반하여 작성되었으며, 위 사실과 다를 경우로 인하여 발생하는 모든 불이익은 본인이 책임지는 것에 동의합니다. I, the guardian of the above mentioned applicant, have never legally married, and I am solely responsible for the applicant. I am submitting this document proving this fact with signature/stamp from a government institution/embassy. This document is based on truth and I will be fully responsible for any consequences if the above statement is revealed to be false. 날짜(Date): 2026년(Year) 월(Month) 일(Date) 이름(Name): (인) (Signature) 3. 정부 기관/대사관 (Government Institution/Embassy) 기관명 (Name of Institution) 주 소 (Address) 연락처 (Contact Telephone No.) 확인 담당자 (Authenticator's Full Name) (서명 및 직인) (Signature and Official Stamp) 27 High School Profile General Information Name of School (English) Year of Establishment Type gfedcGeneral gfedcInternational gfedcVocational gfedcOther Student Demographics No. of Classes/Year No. of Students/Class School Location City/Province: Country: Address: School Homepage School Introduction (Additional page of max. A4 1 page can be added) Grading Scales & Specification Check the box Grading Scale 1. gfedc A B C D E 2. gfedc 5 4 3 2 1 3. gfedc 10 - 8 7 - 6 5 - 4 3 - 2 1 4. gfedc Excellent Good Average Basic Poor 5. gfedc 100 - 91 90 - 81 80 - 71 70 - 61 60 or Below 6. gfedc Other (Please provide the details.) 7. Attendance rate recognition: Yes gfedc No gfedc 28 Notes Additional information about school or in support of the applicant could be stated here. Name of School representative : Job title : Contact Number: Email Address : Signature: School Stamp: