Toggle navigation NEWS Studies Offer How to Apply Resources Contact Search text: Search text: Warsaw University of Technology International Students Office How to Apply Admission to B.Sc. Admission to M.Sc. Admission to Ph.D. Main page » How to Apply » Admission to B.Sc. Starting date for registration (October 2026 intake): 11 May 2026 Deadline to create a new application : 21 July 2026 Deadline to upload the Admission Documents (for qualified candidates): 19 August 2026 Beginning of classes: 1 October 2026 Link to the Online Recruitment of Candidates (IRK) If you want to apply for Architecture , please follow this link - special application Procedures for Architecture . Please read the admission steps in the Online Recruitment of Candidates (IRK): STEP 1: Create an online application with Entry Documents To register for studies, please submit your application in the Online Recruitment of Candidates (IRK). When registering, please put your name and surname as they appear in your passport. NOTICE: In the Online Recruitment of Candidates (IRK), you can have only one account. IMPORTANT: When registering, you can select three courses you are interested in. You should select your priority programme and two additional programmes (in case you are not accepted for your priority programme and the second programme). APPLICATION FEE NOTICE: Payments are made to individual student bank accounts . The account number will be available after creating an account in the admission system. Upload the scans of Entry Documents (during the registration process): 1. High School Leaving Certificate - in the original language and translation into English or Polish (if necessary). Check High School Certificate requirements here . 2. Transcript of records - your results/grades, necessary to make the decision. C heck the details on the transcript requirements here . 3. Passport - the page(s) with your personal information, photo, and signature. *EU citizens: Candidates from the EU can also use a national ID. 4. Proof of payment of PLN 85 application fee . Check here how to make the application fee payment . 5. One picture/photograph - the passport format photo It takes around one week for the International Students Office to initially verify your documents and send them to the Faculty. If anything is missing, we will inform you in the Online Recruitment of Candidates (IRK). STEP 2: Wait for the decision of the Faculty It may take up to 15 days for the Faculty to issue a preliminary decision. If it is positive, you will receive a 'qualified' status in the Online Recruitment of Candidates (IRK). To streamline the process, your application will be reviewed concurrently by each faculty; however, you will receive a "qualified" status for only one selected option. STEP 3: Submit your Admission Documents If you received a 'qualified' status, please upload the Admission Documents: 1. Legalisation of/apostille on your High School Leaving Certificate. Check details of legalization/apostille requirements here. 2. Eligibility Statement - proof that you can apply for Bachelor's degree studies. Check details of the Eligibility Statement requirements here. 3. Proof of English Proficiency - proof that your previous education was in English or one of the English proficiency certificates listed at: Check details of English certificate requirements here. 4. Tuition Fee Payment - proof of tuition fee payment for the 1st semester of studies. Due to visa regulations in some countries, you can also pay for the 2nd semester in advance (the whole year). Check here to learn how to pay Tuition Fees. *According to the new law of 4 April 2025 regarding, among others, the rules for admission to Polish universities, obtaining a final acceptance letter will require candidates to fulfil the following conditions: 1. participate in an entrance exam (an online interview), and 2. submit one of the following documents via the Online Application System: the Decision on Recognition of a Secondary Education Certificate issued by the Polish Education Office (Kuratorium Oświaty ) - it was possible to submit an application for this recognition only until 30 June 2025 or The Recognition Statement on a Secondary Education Certificate issued by the National Agency for Academic Exchange (NAWA) - this document may be obtained now online in NAWA's Syrena System. Please visit NAWA's website for more information. Please note that the recognition process may take up to 60 days. *These requirements do not apply to candidates whose high school certificates were issued by the EU, OECD and EFTA members (Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States), China, Ukraine as well as the holders of IB and EB diplomas. If all documents are correct, you will receive a scan of the Visa Letter in the Online Recruitment of Candidates (IRK). NOTE: Visa procedures are the responsibility of candidates. Please visit the Polish consulate's website in your country for specific requirements. STEP 4: Arrival & registration Before classes start, you will be asked to register in person at the International Students Office and at the Faculty. Check more information about Registration here. --- In addition to the main High school certificate, you need to present a transcript of records. We usually require a GPA of at least 70% and very good grades in Math and Science. You can apply with a lower GPA, but your chances of admission may be lower. Remember that during the application, your documents will be verified by ISO and, if anything is missing, you will be informed about it and you will have a chance to submit what is missing within a few days. However, it is your responsibility to upload proper documents that entitle you to enter university education in the given educational system and fulfil WUT's requirements. If documents are not correct, your application will not be valid, and the application fee not be refunded. Anything unclear? Visit our: WUT RSS channels WUT fanpage on Facebook WUT on Twitter WUT on Instagramie WUT Square blog WUT on Pinterest WUT on LinkedIn WUT Base of Knowledge © 1998-2026 Warsaw University of Technology Pl. Politechniki 1, 00-661 Warsaw, Poland