Toggle navigation NEWS Studies Offer How to Apply Resources Contact Search text: Search text: Warsaw University of Technology International Students Office Resources Application Glossary Refunds About WUT Students Life Psychological support Student Ambassadors Scholarships Accommodation Pre & After Arrival Important Contacts Payments & Refunds Main page » Resources » Students Life » Scholarships Scholarships opportunities for international candidates and students (studies in the English language). STEFAN BANACH SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM Applicants from: Albania, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Georgia, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kosovo, Lebanon, Mexico, Moldova, Mongolia, Montenegro, Nigeria, North Macedonia, Palestine, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Philippines, Rwanda, Senegal, Serbia, Tanzania, Tunisia, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Vietnam. The objective of the Programme is to promote socio-economic progress of developing countries by raising the level of knowledge and education of their citizens in the form of scholarships for second-degree studies in Polish or in English at Polish universities supervised by the Minister of Education and Science in the field of engineering and technical sciences, agricultural sciences, exact sciences, and life sciences. More information: NAWA website POLAND MY FIRST CHOICE SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM Applicants from: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Chile, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Greece, Spain, Netherlands, Ireland, Iceland, Israel, Japan, Canada, Republic of Korea, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Latvia, Malta, Germany, Norway, New Zealand, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, Slovakia, Switzerland, Sweden, Uruguay, USA, Hungary, Italy, UK The program offers an opportunity to pursue full-time Master studies at public and private HEIs on all fields of study offered by institutions providing education at the highest level. It provides a monthly scholarship to cover the living expenses during the period of education in Poland and, in the case of public HEIs, it also offers an exemption from education fees. More information: NAWA website ZAWACKA SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM Applicants from: Appendix-1-to-the-Announcement---List-of-countries.pdf The aim of the Programme is to deepen international academic cooperation through the arrival of students, doctoral students, academic teachers and scientists to Polish higher education and science institutions, on the basis of international agreements concluded between Poland and the partner countries indicated in the announcement. More information: NAWA website VISEGRAD SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM Applicants from: Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Czech Republic, Georgia, Hungary, Kosovo, Northern Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Poland, Serbia, Slovakia, and Ukraine. Visegrad scholarships support Master's and post-Master's students and researchers in all disciplines and in any language for up to two semesters at more than 190 accredited higher-education institutions across Central and Eastern Europe. Soure and more information: Visegrad Fund website READY, STUDY GO POLAND Applicants from EU. There are a number of scholarships available on a special website prepared by the Ministry of Science and Higher Education: More information: www.go-poland.pl/ EU4 BELARUS - SALT Applicants from Belarus. The EU4Belarus-SALT program is funded by the European Union as part of the EU4Belarus: Solidarity with the People of Belarus Special Action Package. These measures were taken in response to the political crisis that unfolded after the presidential elections in Belarus. The goal of the program is to help strengthen the Belarusian civil society, as well as provide opportunities for sustainable economic development in the future. More information: EU4Belarus - SALT WUT RSS channels WUT fanpage on Facebook WUT on Twitter WUT on Instagramie WUT Square blog WUT on Pinterest WUT on LinkedIn WUT Base of Knowledge © 1998-2026 Warsaw University of Technology Pl. Politechniki 1, 00-661 Warsaw, Poland