Skip to main content Earthquake TR University General About Yeditepe Corporate Identity Yeditepe in Numbers The Founding President Our Policy Learning and Teaching Unit Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Our Accreditations Sustainable Yeditepe Our University Rankings Administration Board of Trustees Rector Vice Rectors The University Senate Secretary General Rules and Regulations Administrative Offices Forms Campus Yeditepe Sustainable Campus Students with Special Needs Health Social Life Accommodation Security Transportation Academic A-Z Programs Undergraduate Graduate Associate Degree Academic Calendar Summer School Bologna Process The Knowledge Center Research Student International Exchange & Cooperation Office Student Center Re-Enrolment International Admission Office Scholarship Forms Lateral and Vertical Transfer Maximum Period of Study Double Major & Minor Programs International Collabarate Undergraduate Programmes Prospective Student Enrollment Procedures Prospective Students Graduate Prospective Student Information Form Promotion Request Form E-Booklets Scholarships FAQ Summer Programme for High School Fees Apply Yeditepe Breadcrumb Home Prospective Students FAQ FAQ When was your university founded and what is its status? The university is a foundation university which was established in 1996 by İSTEK Foundation under the leadership of Bedrettin Dalan. Are there any other schools and hospitals as part of your foundation? Within the scope of our foundation, there are the ISTEK Schools that provide education from kindergarten level to secondary level, as well as the Yeditepe University Hospital, Yeditepe University Specialized Hospital, Dental Hospital, Eye Diseases Research and Application Center, Bağdat Street Polyclinics, Tissue Typing Laboratory, Acupuncture Application Clinic and Genetic Diagnosis Center. Where do you provide shuttle service from your university? A total of 415 vehicles provide shuttle services. A 335-vehicle minibus fleet works for ISTEK Foundation Schools, and a 40-vehicle midibus and 40 bus fleet works for Yeditepe University students and staff. Student shuttle services are provided from certain neighbourhoods to and from the campus at certain times in the morning and at certain times in the evening. In order to facilitate the transportation of our students to our campus, we offer free ring service between Yeditepe University and Içerenköy Metro Station every weekday. To what locations are there service busses available from your university? A total of 410 vehicles are provided. A minibus fleet of 330 vehicles is working for İSTEK Foundation Schools and a midibus fleet of 80 vehicles for Yeditepe University students and staff. Service busses to campus from various districts are provided between 08.00 - 12.00 pm (hourly) and from campus to different districts between 12.00 - 19.00 pm (hourly In order to facilitate the access of our students to our campus, we offer free shuttle services between Kozyatağı Metro Station and Yeditepe University on weekdays and between Kadıköy-Yeditepe University and Taksim-Yeditepe University on Fridays and Saturdays. How is transportation within the campus provided? There are free shuttle buses running between 08.00-23.00 on the campus. Do all departments of your university provide education at your Kayışdağı campus? Our Faculty of Dentistry and Faculty of Medicine students continue their education in our hospitals located in different locations after completing their preparatory education and basic department courses on our Kayışdağı campus. All of our departments, except for the Faculties of Dentistry and Medicine, provide education at our Kayışdağı campus. Where is the Faculty of Dentistry located? The Faculty of Dentistry and the Dental Hospital are located at Bağdat Street. How many laboratories and studios do you have at the university? There are 175 laboratories and 46 studios at our university. Do you have a Knowledge Center at your university? Yes we do. Our Knowledge Center has two floors and our students are able to access many sources, information and research around the world whenever they need. Our Center is a member of the Online Computer Library Center, where 80,000 libraries are members in the world. Our Knowledge Center is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. What are the social facilities on campus? There are 4 restaurants and 4 cafes serving 4500 people, a 1200 people capacity congress hall, a conference hall with a capacity for 250 people, a movie theater for 100 people, a theater hall for 100 people, 2 multipurpose rooms, a 250 square meters television training studio and its units, a 150 square meters radio training studio unit and open green areas. In addition, there is a bookshop, bank, mini market, women's and men's hairdresser, clothing store, souvenir and cosmetics merchandise mini perfumery on the entrance floor of our Social Facilities building. What are the sports facilities at your university? Students can engage in various sports activities at the sports facilities which include two indoors basketball courts: one 620 square meters and the other 550 square meters, outdoors basketball, volleyball, tennis and mini-football grounds, a squash hall and a fitness center built on a 708 square meters area, and indoors and outdoors a semi-Olympic swimming pool. What are the health services at the university? The doctor and nurses who are work 24/7 are available to the students and employees of Yeditepe University for emergency health interventions. These interventions include examinations, vaccinations, small surgical interventions, dressings, injections, serum, observation services and so on. In the infirmary, an ambulance service is provided for students and employees 24 /7. What kind of opportunities are available for disabled students at your university? Yeditepe University Students with Disability Counseling and Coordination Unit was established in 2010 with the aim of expanding and increasing the support given to people with disabilities at Yeditepe University. The aim of this unit is to prepare the necessary academic environment for students with disabilities registered at our university and to ensure their full participation in educational activities (exams, assistantship services, reading resources, etc.). In this context, there are platform elevators at certain points of the campus, ramps at the entrance of faculty buildings and a total of 62 disabled WCs. QUESTIONS ABOUT EDUCATION How can I study at Yeditepe University? Admission of students to the undergraduate programs of our university is done centrally by OSYM as it is at other universities in Turkey. The placement is made within the quotas recommended by the university each year and approved by the Council of Higher Education (YÖK). Quotas, scores and achievement rankings can be found in that year's OSYS guide. Are there departments that admit students via a special aptitude test at Yeditepe University? The Graphic Design, Plastic Arts and Painting, Fashion and Textile Design and Theater Departments, which are affiliated to the Faculty of Fine Arts at our university, admit students via a special aptitude test. Please visit our Faculty of Fine Arts page for application requirements. Which departments are available at your university? Our university provides education in 69 undergraduate and 4 associate degree programs offered across 13 faculties and 1 vocational school. For our faculties and departments; You can review our " Prospective Student " page. What is the language of education at Yeditepe University? The language of education at our university is English. There are three programs at our university that provide training outside of English: The German International Business Administration program, the Russian Language and Literature program and the Political Science and International Relations program in French (apart from the English one). How long is the period of study at Yeditepe University? We have undergraduate programs offering 4-5-6 years of education excluding Preparatory School. How can I benefit from additional placement? Students are accepted via additional placement to open quotas at universities on dates announced by the OSYM. Can I study through vertical transfer at your university? Our university accepts students through vertical transfer (VTE). Information on quotas and scores can be found in the Vertical Transfer Guide issued by the OSYM every year in July. How are internal and external student transfer procedures regulated at your university? Student transfers are possible according to the rules determined by YÖK. Three types of student transfers are possible: internal, external based on GPA and transfers based on Central Placement Scores. INTERNAL STUDENT TRANSFER Internal student transfers can be made from an undergraduate program to another undergraduate program within the university provided that they meet the transition requirements announced each year. Transfers cannot take place with the first two semesters and last two semesters of the undergraduate programs. In order to apply for transfer between undergraduate programs, it is required that the central placement score that is taken for the undergraduate program that the student wants to transfer that year to is not less than the lowest point of the undergraduate programs of other universities in the country equivalent to the undergraduate program. EXTERNAL STUDENT TRANSFER General rules and principles of external student transfers are announced on the web page of the university once a year in June. The details can be visited on our web page. STUDENT TRANSFERS BASED ON CENTRAL PLACEMENT SCORES The third type of student transfers is the type of internal and external transfer based on central placement scores. The general rules and principles of this type of transfers are published twice each year in June and January, and announced on our university website. For further information, please visit our student transfers page on our website. What is the duration of education in student transfers? The time spent apart from the language preparatory class is included in the education period. In this context, the total length of education in two programs for a student who has been transferred from any four-year undergraduate program to another four-year undergraduate program cannot exceed seven years. The duration of education cannot exceed eight years for five-year programs and nine years for six-year programs. Are there transfers possible to programs that require special aptitude? Transfers to departments that admit students via a special aptitude tests are possible. In internal student transfers to programs that admit students based on the Special Aptitude Test, candidates need to take the Special Aptitude Test in addition to fulfilling other the requirements. How is foreign language proficiency measured in student transfers? At Yeditepe University, candidates must be able to prove that their foreign language proficiency is sufficient to be able to apply for transfers. A English Proficiency Exam is done on the day, time and place announced by the Rectorate. Students who score the minimum score 79 from the TOEFL IBT test or 550 from the TOEFL PBT test are considered exempt from the English Preparatory Program (TOEFL scores are valid for 2 years.). Can I become a guest student at your university? It is possible for applicants who are graduates or students of a higher education institution to take courses offered at our university under the status of "Guest Student" for information purposes without being registered at any program. Applications of guest students for any semester are examined and decided by the faculty or the Board of Higher Education by taking the opinion of the related department. This decision determines which courses or programs students are allowed to follow. Guest students are given a certificate showing the courses and grades they have taken with their guest student ID. No diplomas are given to guest students. Do foreign students have additional rights? Foreign students can apply to our undergraduate programs. Students will be required to submit documents such as a high school diploma (transcript) and an English proficiency certificate. For details, please refer to the International Yeditepe tab of our website. Are there double major and minor programs at Yeditepe University? In addition to our undergraduate degree programs, our students are given the opportunity to study in a major program to allow them to have a second undergraduate diploma (double major) or a specific field knowledge in a different program within the university (minor) provided that they meet the requirements. Students who want to do a double major (DMP) can apply the earliest at the third semester and the latest at the fifth semesters at a four-year program, the seventh semester at a five-year program and the ninth semester at a six-year program in the periods indicated in the academic calendar. Those who want to make a minor can apply the earliest at the third semester. Students who want to do a minor program can apply the earliest at the third semester and the latest at the fifth semesters at a four-year program, the seventh semester at a five-year program and the ninth semester at a six-year program in the periods indicated in the academic calendar. For more information please visit the Double Major (DPM) - Minor Programs section of our web site. What are the admission conditions to a double major or minor program? A student must have successfully completed all the courses he has taken in the program of which he has been enrolled until the time he applied for a double major or minor program. In order to start the DMP and Minor programs, a learning protocol must be signed between the relevant departments, which includes additional courses, equivalent courses and common courses, and this protocol should be accepted by the university senate. DOUBLE MAJOR To apply for a double major program, student should have at least 2.75 GPA and should be at the top 20% of his or her main program's success ratings; or should have at least 2.75 GPA and should have a placement exam score above the minimum score of the double major program. For students seeking a double major in programs that require a certain success rating, apart from the other requirements defined hereby in these guidelines, they should meet the success rating criteria that is defined by the Council of Higher Education for the related program in the registration year. (Success rating method is applied since 2019-2020 Spring term.) For admissions to a DPM that requires a special aptitude test, the students have to take the special aptitude test. Minor Programs In order to apply to a minor program, the GPA must be at least 2.50 out of 4.00. Students who complete a minor program are given a minor program certificate. For more information please visit the Double Major (DPM) - Minor Programs section of our web site. Can I do a double major and minor as a scholarship student at your university? The requirement to study a double major as a scholarship student is a 3.25 GPA out of 4.00. In order to make a minor program as a scholarship student, your GPA should be 3.00 over 4.00. What is the minimum GPA required to continue a Double Major and Minor program? During double major education, the student's second major overall grade average may be reduced to 2.50 for one time. If the general grade average falls below 2.50 for the second time, the student is dropped from the second major degree program. In order for the student to continue to the minor program, the average grade in the major program must be at least 2.30. Students are dropped from the minor program if they cannot provide this condition. Students are dropped from the double major and/or minor program if they do not take courses from the double major and minor program for two consecutive semesters. Can students drop their double major and minor programs if they want to? The student may drop the double major or branch schedule on his / her own request or under the conditions stipulated in the undergraduate regulations. If the student has left a DMP or minor program, he / she is not obliged to repeat the failed lessons in the DMP or minor program. Is there a summer school at your university? Do scholarship students have to pay for it? Our university provides summer school education. Summer school is not compulsory. It is up to the students to decide whether to study at summer school. Students who are placed in full scholarship quota do not pay fees for summer school education. Students who are placed in 50% scholarship pay 50% of the summer education fee, Students who are placed in 25% scholarship pay 75% of the summer education fee, and students who have no scholarship pay the full tuition fee for summer education based on the courses they take. Are there Master's Degree and Doctorate programs at Yeditepe University? Yeditepe University maintains its academic activities with 83 Master's Degree and 44 doctorate and artistic proficiency programs in 6 graduate schools. At our university, there are Science, Educational Sciences, Health Sciences, Social Sciences, Atatürk Principles and Revolution History and European Studies Graduate Schools. Please visit our "Graduate Programs" section under "Academic" at our website. Do you have an academic advisor system at your university? Every student who starts studying at a faculty at our university is appointed an academic advisor. Is there a unit at your university where students can get psychological support during their education? We have a Psychological Counselling and Guidance Unit within the Student Centre Coordination Office , which provides guidance and counselling services to help our students' mental, academic, social and personal development during their education at the university. QUESTIONS ABOUT SCHOLARSHIPS AND FEES What are the scholarship opportunities at your university? Yeditepe University rewards scholarships for successful students in different amounts depending on education abroad, graduate education, free accommodation, meals and success rates. Scholarships for students include the length of time spent at the Foreign Language Preparatory Program. For more information, please visit our Scholarships page. In which cases are the scholarships cancelled? Scholarships and discounts include the period that can be spent in Compulsory Foreign Language Preparatory Programmes and continue for 10 semesters in 4-year programmes, 12 semesters in 5-year programmes and 14 semesters in 6-year programmes regardless of academic success. One semester is added to these periods for those who continue their double major programme while studying in any scholarship or discount programme. Are there any scholarships for students with a certain success ranking? You can find detailed information about the scholarships you provide to students with a certain success ranking on our https://yeditepe.edu.tr/en/prospective-students/scholarships page. Is there a preference order discount at your university? There is no department preference order discount at our university. Is there an Athlete Scholarship at your university? Students who are accepted to the University sports team in the fields of Basketball, Volleyball and Handball at the rate of 50% of the relevant academic year fee, Students who participate in national competitions on behalf of the University in individual sports are awarded 75% of the relevant academic year fee, including the Foreign Language Preparatory Programme. Athlete Scholarship is cancelled in case, The student's cumulative grade point average (CGPA) in the programme in which the student is studying falls below 2.00 out of 4.00, Disciplinary action, The student is dismissed from the team at the student's request or by the coach or trainer of the team for reasons of indiscipline, lack of performance or permanent injury, If an individual sports student is not invited to the National Team for two consecutive times; however, it is re-awarded if the GPA and sports performance are raised again. Can a student receive two scholarships at the same time? Two scholarships are not applied at the same time. The higher scholarship is applied. Do you have a Master's Degree scholarship? Under which conditions is a scholarship granted? Students who graduated from any undergraduate programme, provided that they start within two calendar years at the latest after graduation, have a GPA of at least 3.00 and meet the entrance requirements of the relevant master's programme. if graduated first of his/her class, full scholarship in the master's degree programmes of the University if graduated second, 60% scholarship in the master's degree programmes of the University 40% scholarship in the University's master's degree programmes in case of graduating third [Students who graduated from programmes that have the right to pursue a PhD without a master's degree can benefit from the scholarship opportunities mentioned above in the PhD programmes of the University under the same conditions. Students graduating from faculties of Medicine and Dentistry cannot benefit from this opportunity in doctoral programmes that are equivalent to specialisation]. The above-mentioned postgraduate scholarship opportunities can only be used once. Are there any scholarships offered at the University for IB, Abitur, Matura, Maturita and French Baccalaureate Students? If so, For students with an IB (International Baccalaureate) diploma grade 32 and above, ABITUR diploma grade 2.0 and above, MATURA diploma grade 2.0 and above, MATURITA diploma grade 80 and above and French Baccalaureate diploma grade at least 14 (at least 70 diploma grade by a Turkish high school equal to the French Baccalaureate), a 25% discount is applied on the tuition fee if they are placed in a non-scholarship quota with the condition that Yeditepe University was among their the top 5 choices. IB (International Baccalaureate) students may be exempted from some courses in the first year of the program in which they are placed depending on the basic courses taken and their grades What are the scholarship opportunities for ISTEK Foundation High School graduates? Students who have studied at İSTEK Foundation High Schools for at least three (3) years and received a diploma, provided that they are placed in Yeditepe University among their first five (5) preferences, Tuition fee exemptions of those placed in paid quotas to 25%, 25% Tuition fee exemption of those placed in scholarship quotas to 50%, Tuition fee exemption of those placed in 50% scholarship quotas is increased to 75%. Those who are placed in Full Scholarship quotas are awarded a meal scholarship in addition to full tuition fee exemption. If the cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of the student who is entitled to one of the above-mentioned scholarships falls below 2.00 out of 4.00, the scholarship is cancelled. However, if the CGPA rises above 2.00 again, the student regains full scholarship or discounted status. Under which conditions does your university provide an "Achievement Scholarship"? Students who have been placed at Yeditepe University in accordance with the principles set by the higher councils of the university receive the following discounts in the relevant year provided that the minimum number of students in the program is 35: 75% tuition fee discount in the following academic year for the top first student 50% tuition fee discount in the following academic year for the top second student 25% tuition fee discount in the following academic year for the top third student This scholarship ends after its relevant academic year. Where can I find information about Yeditepe University tuition fees? On our website at the "Prospective Students" section. QUESTIONS ABOUT THE ENGLISH PREPARATORY SCHOOL AND TOEFL How does English Preparatory education take place at Yeditepe University? The English Preparatory Program consists of three levels: A-B1 and B2. At the beginning of each academic year, a Foreign Language Proficiency Test takes place on the day, hour and place to be announced by the Rectorate. The student who gets at least 60 points out of 100 is considered successful. Newly registered students who fail or do not take the Foreign Language Proficiency Test must take the Foreign Language Placement Test. The levels of the students are determined according to the points they have obtained from the test and they are placed in one of the Foreign Language Preparatory Education groups. What score is needed from the TOEFL exam to be exempted from the English Preparatory Program. A student who certifies that he has received 79 of the TOEFL IBT exam or 550 of the TOEFL PBT exam two years prior to the exam day is exempted from the foreign language examination. Exam centers which are valid for TOEFL exam are listed below. Exams taken outside these centers are not valid. The IELTS test is not valid at our institution. Valid TOEFL Exam centers are as follows: 1. Yeditepe University İSTANBUL - Center Code: STN20056A 2. Istanbul Technical University İSTANBUL - Center Code: ITTR153A 3. Middle East Technical University ANKARA - Center Code: STN10463A Students who will take the TOEFL exam must use code 7050, the institution code of Yeditepe University. The results must be sent directly to the Preparatory School by the TOEFL Center in order for the results to be accepted. Those who do not submit a TOEFL certificate are required to pass the English Proficiency Exam organized by Yeditepe University English Preparatory Department. The above-mentioned conditions for the German, French and Russian language programs are determined separately for each of the relevant languages. Is attendance at the English Preparatory School compulsory? Yes, attending preparatory school education is compulsory. What other languages can I learn at your university apart from English? Apart from the compulsory foreign language at the program, other foreign language options are available to students: German, French, Spanish, Russian, Chinese and Korean. Students benefit from language options free of charge and receive certification when they complete their required language training. In which departments are there compulsory and non-credit foreign language lessons? What are the requisites? You can take German, French, Spanish, Russian, Chinese and English courses with or without credits. Turkish language education is also given for foreigners. The number and variety of languages can change according to the course demands every year. For more information you can visit the "School of Foreign Languages" section at our website. What departments do not require mandatory language preparatory courses? Only at the Turkish Language and Literature department is it optional to take language courses at the preparatory school. In all other departments, students who are not successful in the language proficiency exam are required to study at a language preparatory school. Hazırlık eğitimini yurtdışında alma imkânı var mı? Üniversitemiz Kanada Global Village Dil Okulu ile yaptığı anlaşma kapsamında isteyen öğrencilerimiz İngilizce Hazırlık Eğitimlerini Kanada'da alabiliyorlar. Detaylı bilgi için web sayfamızdan İngilizce hazırlık sayfasını ziyaret edebilirsiniz. Questions About Student Residence Halls Are the residence halls located at the campus? Yes, the residence halls are located at the campus. What is the capacity of your residence halls? There are male and female student residence halls with a capacity of 3,637 beds and a student hotel located on the campus of our university. What are your residence hall opportunities? Our female student dormitories consist of 1 and 2-person rooms and male student dormitories consist of 1, 2, 3 and 4-person rooms. In the rooms; bathroom-toilet, mini fridge, private desk, chair, library with glass shelves, wardrobe with mirror and other equipment made of fireproof materials. 24-hour internet connection is also available. Students staying in the dormitory can benefit from the 24-hour uninterrupted information centre services, as well as the Restaurant, Indoor and Outdoor Swimming Pool, Fitness Centre, Squash Hall, Sauna and Turkish Bath in the Social Facilities. What are Residence Hall Fees? Fee information can be found on our website in the accommodation section under the "Our University" tab. Questions About Student Clubs Are there student clubs your university? There are 49 Student Clubs actively operating at our university. You can find detailed information about our clubs on our " Student Clubs " page. Is membership at student clubs for free? Yes, students can be members of one or more clubs for free. Questions About Opportunities Abroad Do you have ERASMUS and Student Exchange Programs at your university? We have over 400 Erasmus and Exchange agreements with the world's leading universities, especially in Europe, America, Canada, China, Korea and the Far East. Our university is a member of the "European Universities Association (EUA)" It is the first foundation university to pass the Institutional Assessment Programme. For detailed information; You can visit our International Office page. Are there Double Diploma Programmes at your university? Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, Department of Business Administration has a double degree agreement with the University of North Carolina Wilmington, USA, Department of International Business Management (German) has a double degree agreement with KIEL University of Applied Sciences, Germany, Department of Economics has a double degree agreement with Huron University, Canada, Department of International Finance has a double degree agreement with State University of New York at New Platz, USA and Kings University College of Western Ontario, Canada, Department of Physics has a double degree agreement with Coe College, USA. Is your university diploma valid abroad? Yeditepe University, which is the first foundation university in Turkey to have passed the European University Association (EUA) Institutional Evaluation Program with its pioneering education approach, has proven its quality with the inspections of national and international accreditation institutions. Yeditepe University, which has successfully passed many accreditation processes, educates with the aim of improving the quality of education every day, provides opportunities for students and faculty members to take part in international projects with the international cooperation agreements it has signed. Questions About Career Development and Alumni Relations Does your university work to support the career development of your students? To support our students in their personal development in the business world, our "Career Development and Alumni Relations" office at the university helps our students to prepare for real life by cooperating with the business world and on issues such as mentoring programs, creating resumes on career days activities and providing consultancy services for job and internship applications. İnönü Mah. Kayışdağı Cad. 326A 26 Ağustos Yerleşimi 34755 Ataşehir - İstanbul (0216) 578 00 00 [email protected] Dipnot LIFELONG DEVELOPMENT Continuing Education Center Yeditepe University Press YEDITEPE HEALTH The University Hospitals Dental Hospital ISTEK ISTEK Foundation ISTEK Schools ISTEK Card ISTEK Transportation Footer Bottom Menü E-MAIL STUDENT MAIL OBS İHALE AKTS BKYS QDMS SURVERYS LPDP CONTACT × What did you search? A-Z Programs Undergraduate Graduate Academic Calendar Double Major & Minor Programs Erasmus Prospective Students Registration Re-Enrolment Fees Directorate of Registrar's Office FAQ Accommodation Scholarships Lateral and Vertical Transfer Summer School Preparation Transportation