Skip to main content Request Info Visit Directory Give News Events Athletics AI Submit Search About Colgate at a Glance Who We Are Third-Century Plan Leadership & Governance Academic Freedom & Freedom of Expression Sustainability Our Campus Contact Us Academics Majors & Minors Research & Scholarship Core Curriculum Off-Campus Study Institutes for Advanced Study Departments & Programs Academic Calendar Admission & Aid Visit Virtual Programming Apply Tuition & Fees Financial Aid Apply for Aid Colgate Commitment Types of Aid Estimate Your Aid Financing Resources Policies & Procedures Federal Satisfactory Academic Progress Federal Verification Financial Aid Portal Contact Contact Us Student Life Athletics & Recreation Clubs & Activities Housing & Dining Health & Wellness Diversity & Inclusion Advising & Support Getting Around Campus Careers & Outcomes Career Development National Fellowships & Scholarships Graduate School Preparation Outcome & Employment Data Entrepreneurship & Innovation Info For Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Community Alumni Campus Resources & Services AI at Colgate News Events Athletics AI Home About Colgate at a Glance Who We Are Third-Century Plan Leadership & Governance Academic Freedom & Freedom of Expression Sustainability Our Campus Contact Us Academics Majors & Minors Research & Scholarship Core Curriculum Off-Campus Study Institutes for Advanced Study Departments & Programs Academic Calendar Admission & Aid Visit Virtual Programming Apply Tuition & Fees Financial Aid Contact Us Student Life Athletics & Recreation Clubs & Activities Housing & Dining Health & Wellness Diversity & Inclusion Advising & Support Getting Around Campus Careers & Outcomes Career Development National Fellowships & Scholarships Graduate School Preparation Outcome & Employment Data Entrepreneurship & Innovation Info For Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Community Alumni Campus Resources & Services AI at Colgate Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni Community Request Info Visit Directory Give Home Admission & Aid Financial Aid Policies & Procedures Skip Sidebar Navigation In this Section In this Section Federal Satisfactory Academic Progress Federal Verification Aid Eligibility Institutional Aid Eligibility The financial aid program at Colgate is need-based and the university does not offer academic merit scholarships. Colgate meets full demonstrated financial need for all aid recipients. Prospective students will be considered for Colgate's need-based aid only when they identify themselves as an aid applicant on their admission application and submit their CSS Profile and FAFSA, if required, by the application deadline for which they are applying. Institutional aid eligibility (Colgate Grant and Colgate Work Study) is determined using the CSS Profile, which calculates the expected family contribution. In the case of divorced or separated parents, both parents are required to submit a CSS Profile so that information from each household may be evaluated. When a student's parent is remarried or cohabitating with a partner, that partner or spouse's financial information must be reported on the CSS Profile, regardless of formal marriage or legal domestic partnership status, to ensure a complete application. Although Colgate University does not expect a parent's spouse or partner to contribute directly toward the student's educational expenses, their financial information is required to accurately evaluate household expenses and their capacity to contribute to those costs. The expected family contribution is calculated by taking into account a family's financial circumstances such as income, assets, and the number of siblings under age 24 who are enrolled full-time in programs leading to a first undergraduate degree. Demonstrated financial need is the difference between the cost of attendance at Colgate University and the expected family contribution. Effective fall 2026, students holding U.S. citizenship or permanent residency with a total family income of up to $300,000 (and assets typical for that income range) are generally eligible for the Colgate Commitment. Students applying for institutional aid are considered for all sources of financial aid, including federal, state, and institutional grants, loans, and employment. The composition of an aid offer depends on several factors, including the extent of a student's financial need, eligibility for other aid resources, and the availability of funds. Students who hold U.S. citizenship or permanent residency who are receiving financial aid must reapply annually to continue to be considered for assistance. International students currently receiving financial aid do not need to reapply for aid annually. International students who did not qualify for Colgate's need-based financial aid upon admission are not eligible for Colgate financial aid in subsequent years. Institutional aid eligibility is limited to eight semesters for students who enter as first-year students. Need-based financial aid is considered supplemental to the resources of the family, including the student. Colgate University does not offer financial assistance based on students having voluntarily declared themselves independent of their parents, or if parents are unwilling to financially support their child at Colgate. Students under age 27 are considered dependents by Colgate University and parent information is required on financial aid applications. Students who matriculate as dependent students will remain dependent for financial aid purposes throughout their enrollment at Colgate. Financial aid is not available in the summer. Federal Aid Eligibility To be eligible for federal aid, dependent students and their families or independent students must complete a FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) at studentaid.gov and meet federal eligibility requirements , including Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) . The Office of Financial Aid confirms aid eligibility and processes amounts based on federal regulations in effect for each federal program. Every year, the Department of Education selects a number of students' FAFSA applications for a process known as verification . If a student is selected for verification, the required documents that must be submitted to complete verification will be listed on the student's Colgate portal under their financial aid requirements. Financial aid will not display as an anticipated credit on the student's account, nor will it be credited to the student's bill at the usual time of disbursement (week prior to the first day of classes), if the student does not complete the federal verification requirements. Late submission of required documents will result in late disbursement of financial aid. Failure to submit documents could result in a student's ineligibility for financial aid. Financial aid is not available in the summer. New York State Aid Eligibility To be considered for the New York (NY) Tuition Assistance Program (TAP), NY state residents must apply annually with NY state Higher Education Services Corporation (HESC). Students can begin the TAP application process by completing the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), available at studentaid.gov and by completing the TAP application directly at hesc.ny.gov . Undocumented and other students may apply for eligibility under the provisions of the NYS DREAM Act. HESC determines the applicant's eligibility and the amount of an annual TAP award. Eligibility requirements are listed on the HESC website . Students must be in good academic standing and enrolled full-time in courses that apply to their degree program to be eligible for their NYS aid. Undergraduate students may generally receive TAP grants for eight semesters of study. For a full listing of NYS Aid programs, including application procedures and selection criteria, visit the HESC website . Veteran Benefits Veterans Administration (VA) Educational Benefits * Post-Vietnam Era Veterans Educational Assistance (Chapter 32) Dependent and Survivors Educational Assistance (Chapter 35) Montgomery GI Bill® (Chapter 30) Vocational Rehabilitation for Service-Disabled Veterans Montgomery GI Bill® Selected Reserves Educational Assistance Program (Chapter 1606) Post 9/11 GI Bill® (Chapter 33) * Application Procedures: Application forms, information, and assistance in applying for benefits are available at benefits.va.gov/gibill . If admitted, students who enroll at Colgate will need to submit a copy of their Certificate of Eligibility (COE) to the Office of Financial Aid. Outside entitlement aid such as VA educational benefits (except Chapter 35) reduce a student's Colgate Grant amount dollar for dollar. Yellow Ribbon Colgate participates in the Yellow Ribbon Program, a component of the Post-9/11 GI Bill®. Eligible military veterans can learn more at benefits.va.gov/gibill . Please note that veterans must be entitled to the maximum benefit rate in order to be - or to have their dependents be - considered for the Yellow Ribbon program. Classes are held in residence on the Colgate University campus located at: 13 Oak Drive, Hamilton, New York 13346. Students receiving veterans benefits that include a housing allowance will have their housing allowance determined by the campus zip code. If studying abroad, the housing allowance may be determined by the study abroad location. The Yellow Ribbon program is considered non-need-based aid. The Yellow Ribbon program covers tuition and fees in full. Students also receive an allowance for books paid directly to them. A housing allowance is also paid directly towards the student and may be used towards housing and food charges. The amount of the housing allowance is determined by the VA each year. The Yellow Ribbon program does not cover the additional expense of a Colgate directed off-campus study or extended study group, or a Colgate approved program. Federal loans may be available to help cover these additional costs. Career Outcomes For more information regarding career and continuing education outcomes, visit Success after Colgate . Degree Attainment More information on requirements needed to complete a student's educational program and graduate from Colgate can be found in the Colgate catalog. Enrolled students can also monitor their progress on Degree Works . Adjustment of Aid Entitlement aid such as VA educational benefits (except Chapter 35) reduce a student's Colgate Grant amount dollar for dollar. Enrollment Veteran's benefits are packaged based on anticipated full-time enrollment. Enrollment is verified at time of certification and re-checked and verified after the semester drop/add period ends. Repeat courses cannot be certified except under special circumstances, and otherwise do not count towards full-time enrollment. Dropping below full-time enrollment will also cause a drop in a student's estimated eligibility. Students should contact the Financial Aid office immediately should they plan to drop below full-time enrollment, or enroll in any repeat courses, to discuss what changes they can anticipate to their financial aid package. Support For assistance with financial questions, contact the Financial Aid Office at 315-228-7431 or send email to finaid@colgate.edu . For assistance with health and wellness, advising and student support, and residence life, go to the Dean of the College webpage for links to campus resources, or contact your Administrative Dean at 315-228-7368, 315-228-6131 or admindeans@colgate.edu . For academic support, accessibility resources, or disability services, go to the Office of Disability Services webpage for links to campus resources, call Evelyn Lester, Director of Disability Services at 315-228-7375 or send email to elester@colgate.edu . Enrollment Requirements Federal Aid Requirements To be eligible for maximum federal aid, a student must be enrolled full-time in courses that apply to their degree as a matriculated student at Colgate (including Colgate study groups or approved programs). Repeat courses can only be counted towards enrollment for federal aid once. If a student is enrolled less than full-time, their Pell Grant and Federal Direct Loan eligibility is reduced. Federal Pell Grant amounts are prorated based on enrollment at the conclusion of the semester add/drop registration period. If a student plans to be enrolled less than full-time or withdraw from a course mid-semester, they should contact the Office of Financial Aid to discuss how their aid will be impacted. New York State Aid Requirements For New York State (NYS) aid, students must be enrolled full-time in courses that apply to their degree program. Students may not be enrolled in repeat courses unless one of the following conditions applies: The student is repeating a failed course. The student is repeating a course in which the grade earned would ordinarily be passing, but is a failure in a particular curriculum. The student is repeating a course where credit will be earned each time. Veterans' Benefit Requirements Veterans' benefits are packaged based on anticipated full-time enrollment. Enrollment is verified at the time of certification and after the semester drop/add period ends. Repeat courses cannot be certified except under special circumstances, and otherwise do not count towards full-time enrollment. Dropping below full-time enrollment will reduce the estimated eligibility for veterans' benefits. Undergraduate Enrollment Level Below are the definitions of what constitutes each enrollment level for undergraduate and graduate students at Colgate for financial aid purposes: Full-time* = 3 course credits 3/4 time = 2.5 course credits 1/2 time = 1.5 course credits Graduate Enrollment Level Full-time* = 3 course credits 3/4 time = 2.5 course credits 1/2 time = 2 course credits *Enrollment in repeat courses can affect financial aid eligibility. Please contact the Office of Financial Aid if you have questions on how enrolling in repeat courses may affect your aid eligibility. Reapplying for Aid Domestic students (U.S. citizens and eligible noncitizens) must reapply for financial aid annually by submitting required financial aid application materials by the published priority deadline. Changes in demonstrated need will impact the amount and types of financial aid available each year. To report significant changes in your family's financial situation, please contact the Office of Financial Aid so that your change in circumstances can be taken into consideration when reviewing your financial aid eligibility. Colgate need-based financial aid is not guaranteed for late applicants. International students who receive financial aid for their first year do not reapply for aid annually. Financial aid eligibility will automatically be reviewed based upon the initial application filed prior to enrollment. International students who become U.S. citizens or eligible non-citizens during their enrollment will be treated as domestic students thereafter and must reapply for aid annually. International students who did not apply or qualify for Colgate's need-based financial aid upon admission are not eligible for Colgate Grant in subsequent years. Institutional aid eligibility is limited to eight semesters for both domestic and international students who enter as first-year students. Renewal of Aid Federal Aid Renewal Students must meet federal Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) requirements in order to remain eligible for federal (Title IV) aid. State Aid Renewal Students must meet all requirements listed on the HESC website including, but not limited to, maintaining New York State (NYS) Good Academic Standing (Satisfactory Academic Progress and Pursuit of Program requirements) and enrolling full-time in course credits required for their program of study. See the University Catalog for more information on renewal requirements. TAP Waiver Policy The Office of Financial Aid will notify students who are not meeting requirements for NYS aid. Instructions on how to submit a written request for a waiver will be included in the notification. Students will be notified of the outcome of their waiver request via email. Subsequently, eligibility can be reestablished by successfully meeting the state's requirements. Aid Reconsideration Will Colgate Reconsider My Aid Offer? To request reconsideration of Colgate Grant offered, recently admitted students must contact the Office of Financial Aid before paying an enrollment deposit. Colgate knows that each family's situation is unique, and does its best to understand a family's financial circumstances during the initial review of the financial aid application. If you have special circumstances that do not seem to have been accounted for, or if the information you provided in your financial aid application has changed, was incorrect, or was incomplete, please contact the Office of Financial Aid . Situations that may warrant an appeal for Colgate Grant reconsideration include: errors on the CSS Profile, job loss, high medical expenses not covered by insurance, or one-time income in the tax year used on the financial aid applications. Examples of circumstances that are not taken into consideration include: parent unwillingness to contribute to educational expenses, graduate school costs for siblings and/or other family members, financial aid offers from other schools, elder care, high consumer/personal debt, and expenses or events that have not yet occurred. Submission of a request for reconsideration does not guarantee an adjustment to aid eligibility will be made. Recently Admitted Students Colgate Grant offers for your first year at Colgate are binding once your enrollment deposit is received. To discuss your Colgate Grant eligibility, it is important that you contact the Office of Financial Aid before your deposit is paid. Deposited/enrolled students are not prohibited from reporting special or unusual circumstances related to their federal student aid eligibility upon submission of the FAFSA and/or throughout the academic year. Find information in the Federal Aid Appeal section. Current Domestic Students After you receive your financial aid notification, if you have any questions or concerns, contact the Office of Financial Aid . Enrolled students may contact the Office of Financial Aid throughout the academic year if unusual circumstances arise. Federal Aid Appeal Occasionally, students or their families may experience special or unusual circumstances that could impact federal student aid eligibility. Special circumstances may include a loss of income, high out-of-pocket medical expenses, or a change in parent marital status, for example. Students should contact the Financial Aid Office at finaid@colgate.edu to report special circumstances. On a case-by-case basis, the Financial Aid Office can exercise professional judgment, potentially resulting in an adjustment to federal student aid. Adjustments will not be considered based on parents refusing to contribute to the student's cost of education or unwillingness to provide required application materials. Undergraduates under the age of 24 who answer "no" to the dependency questions on the FAFSA are considered to be dependent students and are instructed to have parent(s) contribute to the FAFSA and provide their financial information. Colgate University recognizes that some students may face challenges which could prevent them from completing the FAFSA as a dependent student. Examples of this type of unusual circumstances may include an abusive family environment, incarceration of both parents, or when parents cannot be located. On a case-by-case basis, the Financial Aid Office can exercise professional judgment to process a dependency override on the FAFSA. To report special or unusual circumstances, contact the Office of Financial Aid at finaid@colgate.edu . Requests must be received in writing and could require additional documentation. Submitting a request does not guarantee a change will be made . If additional documentation is required, students will be instructed to securely upload materials to the College Board IDOC Portal. To guard against identity theft, do not send email containing sensitive personally identifiable information (social security numbers, account numbers, tax documents, etc.) via email. Written requests from enrolled students will be reviewed within 2-3 weeks, and students will be notified of the outcome via email. Aid Processing Accepting/Declining Aid Students offered work-study or loans as part of their financial aid are required to actively accept or decline those offers on their Colgate Financial Aid Portal under the " Pending Aid Offered " link. Grants are automatically accepted on behalf of the student. All financial aid disbursements (payments to the student account) may be delayed if work-study or loans are left in "pending" status. Adjustment of Aid Colgate reserves the right to modify the financial aid listed in an aid offer upon receipt of information affecting eligibility for financial aid. This can include but is not limited to changes in government funding, receipt of aid from other sources, verification of the number of siblings under age 24 enrolled in their first undergraduate programs, or any new information received after the initial calculation of financial aid eligibility. Outside entitlement aid from state or federal sources -- including veteran's benefits (except Chapter 35)-- as well as tuition benefits received from a parent's employer reduce the Colgate Grant dollar for dollar. Disbursement of Aid Unless otherwise noted, the amount(s) listed in the aid offer are annual amounts, with one half applied to the student's account each semester. As long as all financial aid application requirements have been completed and processed before the semester begins, aid will be disbursed during the week prior to the first day of classes. Work study is not credited to the student's account; instead, biweekly pay is issued directly to students for the hours worked in a Student Employment position. Federal Direct Loans More information on federal loans, including how to apply, can be found on our Types of Aid page. Outside Aid If a student receives a scholarship or tuition benefit from somewhere other than Colgate, they must report it to the Office of Financial Aid using the Outside Resource Form on the Colgate Financial Aid Portal . Outside scholarships that are awarded based on merit may often be used to offset educational costs. The combination of outside aid and financial aid from Colgate cannot exceed the annual cost of attendance. Outside aid awarded based on merit will first offset a student's family contribution, work-study, and/or loan. Colgate Grant will only be reduced to prevent total financial aid from exceeding the annual cost of attendance. Outside entitlement aid from state or federal sources -- including the Federal Pell grant, NYS TAP grant, veteran's benefits (except Chapter 35), and vocational rehab -- as well as tuition benefits received from a parent's employer, reduce the Colgate Grant dollar for dollar. Refunds Students may be eligible for a refund when a credit balance is on their student account. Credit balances are typically the result of financial aid disbursement or payment in excess of billed charges. See the "Credit Balances and Refunds" section of the Office of Student Accounts page for more information on credit balances and how they are refunded. If a student is studying abroad and an anticipated credit balance is displayed on their student account, the student may contact the Office of Student Accounts at stuaccounts@colgate.edu to request the early release of their refund. The refund can be issued approximately 2 weeks prior to the student's departure date. Related Policies Off Campus Study Programs Undergraduate students receiving Colgate Grant are eligible to receive financial aid towards one long off-campus study program (i.e. Study Group or Approved Program) and one short program (i.e. Extended Study). The additional cost of the program compared to an on-campus semester is first met with a $1,500 loan. The remaining additional cost is met with an increase in Colgate Grant. If the cost of attending your program is less than the cost of an on-campus semester, you should contact the Office of Financial Aid to verify how your aid may be adjusted in that circumstance. Community Leaders Students offered a community leader (CL) position will be issued a room credit as compensation. The CL housing credit will be included as a resource in the financial aid package. Financial aid policies at Colgate allow students to receive the maximum possible financial benefit from the CL position by first reducing family contribution. If the CL housing credit exceeds the family contribution (as calculated by the Financial Aid Office from financial aid application materials you submit) then other sources of financial aid will be impacted. When this occurs, the CL credits will first offset loan and work study, then, if necessary, grants or scholarships will be adjusted to comply with federal and institutional regulations. Textbooks When purchasing books at the Colgate Bookstore, students may charge required course materials directly to their student account. Charges will appear on TouchNet and on monthly e-statements generated by the Office of Student Accounts. For students with credit balances on their account (either from financial aid resources or from payments made in excess of billed charges), the credit balance can be used to pay Colgate Bookstore charges. If the charge results in a balance owed, a payment will be required. Financial aid recipients who have secured work-study positions may receive a payroll advance to buy required course materials in advance of the term. The amount available is based on your work study eligibility and what you are reasonably able to earn. Contact the Office of Student Accounts at stuaccounts@colgate.edu with any questions or to sign up for the payroll advance option. Contact the Office of Financial Aid at finaid@colgate.edu or 315-228-7431 if you have questions about the financial aid options available to assist with the cost of textbooks and required course materials. Withdrawals & Return of Aid Students who withdraw before 60% of the semester has passed will have charges adjusted by the Office of Student Accounts according to University policy . Financial Aid will be adjusted according to policies established by the University, the U.S Department of Education, and New York State (NYS) Higher Education Services Corporation (HESC), and outside scholarship agencies. Charges will not be adjusted for students who withdraw after 60% of the semester has passed. State and outside awards may be adjusted. Students may owe a balance to Colgate after adjustments are made to charges and/or financial aid. Code of Conduct Colgate, as a participant in federal loan programs, is required to develop, administer, and enforce a financial aid code of conduct (PDF) applicable to the university's officers, employees, and agents. Policy Statement Colgate University (the "University"), as a participant in federal loan programs, is required to develop, administer and enforce a financial aid code of conduct applicable to the University's officers, employees, and agents. The code of conduct requirements are set forth in the Higher Education Opportunity Act ("HEOA") signed into law on August 14, 2008. This Colgate University Code of Conduct Related to Student Loan Activities (the "Code") fulfills these requirements and applies to certain transactions and activities related to student lending and financial aid matters. Reason for Policy The HEOA program participation agreement, which must be executed by all institutions participating in Title IV financial aid programs, including student loan programs, requires a code of conduct with which each institution's officers, employees, and trustees shall comply. The code must prohibit a conflict of interest with the responsibilities of an officer, employee or trustee with respect to education loans. The law further specifies that the code shall be displayed prominently on the institution's website and that all institutional officers, employees and agents with responsibilities related to such loans be annually informed of the provisions of the Code. Colgate University also adheres to the Student Lending, Accountability, Transparency and Enforcement (SLATE) Act under New York State law, which applies not only to the University's officers, employees and trustees, but also to the University's agents and contractors (collectively, the University's officers, employees, trustees, agents and contractors are referred to in this Code as "Covered Persons"). Code of Conduct The University hereby adopts the following provisions from the HEOA, codified at 20 USC § 1094(e), as its Code of Conduct Related to Student Loan Activities and will annually inform all Covered Persons of the provisions of this Code. Where appropriate, the statutory language has been adjusted to reflect the specific context of the University. In addition, where New York law under the SLATE Act is stricter than federal law, the provisions of 20 USC § 1094(e) have been revised, replaced and/or supplemented as appropriate in order to comply with both federal and state law. For purposes of this Code, the term "Lending Institution" means any entity that itself or through an affiliate makes educational loans to pay for or finance higher education expenses or that securitizes such loans; any entity, or association of entities, that guarantees educational loans; or any industry, trade or professional association or other entity that receives money, related to educational loan activities, from any of the aforementioned entities. Confidentiality All financial records are protected in accordance with the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) of 1974, as amended. Consumer Information Consumer information as required by the Higher Education Act (HEA) can be viewed here . Info For New Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni Community More At Colgate News Events AI Give Jobs Tools & Resources Sign In Directory Offices & Divisions Academic Calendar University Catalog Libraries Campus Services & Resources Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn 13 Oak Drive Hamilton, NY (315) 228-7000 © Colgate University Privacy Notice Non-Discrimination Policy Colgate Portal