Skip to main content Menu Navigation Tips The following menu has 2 levels. Use left and right arrow keys to navigate between menus. Use up and down arrow keys to explore within a submenu. Use enter to activate. Within a submenu, use escape to move to top level menu parent. From top level menus, use escape to exit the menu. Main Horizontal Navigation Meet Swarthmore What's Distinctive About Swarthmore? Mission Why Liberal Arts? A Brief History By the Numbers Explore Swarthmore Traditions Diversity @Swarthmore Meet the President Academics Academic Calendar Programs of Study Course Catalog Faculty Spotlight Course Spotlight First-Year Experience Global Engagement Honors Program Libraries Registrar Research Tri-College Consortium Campus Life Arts@Swarthmore Athletics & Recreation Be Well Career Services Clubs & Activities Commencement Living @ Swarthmore New Students Offices & Services Sustainability Admissions & Aid Affordability & Access Apply to Swarthmore Financial Aid & Cost Swarthmore Tuition Guarantee Life After Swarthmore Campus Tours and Virtual Visits SwatStories Visit Admissions News & Events Stories Social Media Faculty Experts Faculty & Alumni Lectures Campus Calendar Campus Classifieds Communications Office Additional Navigation and Search Menu Close Options Accessibility Options Animation: On Off Home Home Admissions & Aid How to Apply Explore Section Admissions & Aid Department Pages How to Apply First-Year Students International Students Transfer Students Homeschooled Students Veterans Undocumented Students Dates, Deadlines and Requirements Financial Aid Affordability & Access Campus Tours and Virtual Visits Life After Swarthmore Join Our Mailing List Contact Admissions En Español Contact Information Address Admissions Office Parrish Hall, Second Floor 500 College Avenue Swarthmore, PA 19081 Office of Financial Aid Email admissions @ swarthmore. edu Copy email address to clipboard Phone 610-328-8300 Hours Monday - Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Social Media Swarthmore Admissions on Facebook Swarthmore's Admissions Twitter site Swarthmore Admissions on Instagram International Students Swarthmore College welcomes students to our community from around the world. If you are an international student, you'll be in good company-international students make up about 13 percent of Swarthmore's student body. If you're applying as a first-year student, our application requirements are the same regardless of your citizenship. If you are an international student and have matriculated at another university in the U.S. or abroad, you must apply as a transfer student to Swarthmore, even if you are willing to forego the credit you earned elsewhere. Admission to Swarthmore is need-aware for international citizens (excluding Permanent Residents, dual U.S. citizens, and DACA and undocumented students as well as those in the Asylee/Refugee status application process who are graduating from a U.S. high school). Our regional deans are very familiar with the grading systems around the world and will review your transcripts in the context of your country's academic system. As a part of our contextual review, we take into account what opportunities and resources you have had access to, your high school's curricula, your geographic location, and your lived experiences. Learn more about: Application Materials Financial Aid and Scholarships Campus Life Student Support Residence Life Contact Us Application Materials If you are applying as a first-year student, our application requirements are the same regardless of your citizenship. For students attending high school outside of the U.S., you are also required to submit the following materials: Video Response and English Proficiency Tests Applicants attending school outside of the U.S., regardless of citizenship, are required to submit one of the following: Swarthmore Video Response We want to hear directly from you and the Swarthmore Video Response provides the opportunity for you to give us unique insight into your thought process or experiences. After you submit your application, you will have the option to record a video response in your Swarthmore application portal. Application portals open by mid-October. There is no cost to submit the Video Response. English Proficiency Exam Result We will accept results from TOEFL, IELTS, or the Duolingo English Test. Duolingo English Test results must be official and sent to the Admissions Office through Duolingo. We only consider your highest score from a single sitting of an English Proficiency exam and will not accept a score created from multiple tests. If the majority of your education has been taught in a non-English language curriculum, we encourage you to provide results from one of these tests. InitialView or Vericant video interview You may submit videos through InitialView (including interviews, Glimpse, or VIVA) or Vericant for your application to Swarthmore. These videos are not Swarthmore-specific, but help us understand you as an applicant. Transcripts In addition to their high school transcripts, students who already graduated from secondary school are required to submit their leaving exam scores if they are available (e.g. IB score report, A-levels, Gaokao, WASSCE, etc). We expect to see official score reports for any national exams taken during high school (such as Ordinary levels, IGCSE exams, GCSE exams, Secondary School Certificate Examination, etc) as part of the application. Authenticity of Documents It is your responsibility to provide authentic documentation of all of your credentials. Your school transcripts must be original and certified with a school seal or a high-quality copy, and must be both certified and signed by the head of school and/or counselor. Your letters of recommendation should be written on official school letterhead, and official translations should be attached to the original document (if written in a language other than English). Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate Credit Credit for Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate exams is decided by individual departments at Swarthmore in consultation with the registrar . It is not necessary to attend a school that offers Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate courses to be admitted to Swarthmore. Financial Aid and Scholarships If you are applying as a first-year international student, need-based financial aid (also referred to as Swarthmore Scholarship grant aid) is available. Regardless of your citizenship, if Swarthmore admits you and you applied for financial aid, the College meets 100% of your institutionally-determined financial need up to - and including - full annual tuition (with annual $800 book allowance), fees, housing, food, academic supplies, and some personal expenses. Our approach to financial aid and our commitment to providing financial aid to admitted international students is very rare among colleges and universities. Swarthmore is one of a small number of U.S. institutions that meets 100% of institutionally-determined financial need and does not include loans in the financial aid it offers to international students. If you think you will need Swarthmore College support any time during your four years here (for example, a younger sibling will be entering college while you are still at Swarthmore or a parent may lose their employment earnings), you must indicate your intent to apply for financial aid on your admission application. After being admitted to Swarthmore, you must then complete the financial aid application and provide all of the required supporting documentation. All admitted international students will receive a CSS Profile fee waiver. Admission to Swarthmore is need-aware for international citizens (excluding Permanent Residents, dual U.S. citizens, and DACA and undocumented students as well as those in the Asylee/Refugee application process who are graduating from a U.S. high school). Your financial aid decision for Swarthmore will be based on the College's determination of how much financial aid you need in order to afford a Swarthmore education (this is called "need-based" financial aid). For example, if our Financial Aid Office determines that you need $60,000 USD to make Swarthmore affordable, then you will receive a financial aid decision equivalent to $60,000 USD. The average financial aid decision for international students admitted to the Class of 2030 was more than $93,000 USD. It is very important that you complete the financial aid documentation within seven (7) days of receiving your admission decision. Please review Swarthmore's financial aid application instructions and deadlines for first-year international students and the common financial aid topics for international students for more information on required documentation. Please do not submit the Certificate of Finances and supporting bank statements unless you are admitted to Swarthmore and plan to enroll (or unless the Financial Aid Office specifically asks you to submit this information). Please note that all supporting financial documents must be uploaded to your financial aid checklist in the applicant portal. Financial documents will not be accepted via email. Campus Life Swarthmore is located about 11 miles (17 km) southwest of Philadelphia, the sixth-largest city in the United States. There is a train station on the edge of campus, and it's a 25-minute ride to downtown Philadelphia on the direct commuter rail line. In addition, Philadelphia is a transportation hub for the East Coast. New York and Washington, D.C. are 2-3 hours travel time from Philadelphia. The Philadelphia International Airport is about 15 minutes away from campus by car. Student Support The International Student Center (ISC) creates a cultural environment with a sense of belonging and community through proactive communication, trust, and respect. The ISC is located within the Intercultural Center (IC) and works closely with the Interfaith Center, the Gender and Sexuality Center, and the Black Cultural Center, as well as identity-based student groups. Each August, the College hosts a special international student orientation program shortly before the broader first-year student orientation begins. The Office of Academic Success coordinates advising for you and connects you to academic resources and other services on campus. Academic advisors help you select the courses that will give you the best liberal arts education possible. In addition to helping you select courses, advisors typically also help you adjust to college life and support you along your academic journey. Academic support at Swarthmore extends beyond the classroom - all of the professors have weekly office hours, during which they are always happy to help with any questions you have regarding the course. In addition, Swarthmore has many teaching assistant groups led by students, with weekly sessions, during which the students, who have already taken the course, can help with homework, a lab assignment, or understanding the material in general. Career Services offers individualized attention to students who seek jobs, career direction, guidance to select a major, internships, or entrance into graduate school. Through resume reviews, career counseling appointments, workshops, and events, Career Services supports you with internship, externship, and post-graduate career searches. International students can find part-time work opportunities on campus at places such as libraries, academic departments, or the Admissions Office. In order to work off-campus, you need employment authorization from the U.S. government; once this is obtained, you can work anywhere inside the U.S. during summer or winter breaks. The Dean of International Students is always available and ready to help with any questions related to authorization in the U.S. Student Health and Wellness comprises Student Health Services, Counseling & Psychological Services, and a comprehensive wellness education team. Swarthmore's Health and Wellness staff supports the needs of our diverse student body by providing individualized holistic care and campus-wide education. Residence Life Students enjoy a variety of activities on campus: all-campus parties, athletic events, music and artistic performances, academic conferences, movie nights, or just enjoying time with friends in a residence hall or dining hall . There is no division between international and domestic students in any dorms on campus and over 95% of students live on-campus all four years. Swarthmore is proud to be a "cash-free campus"-that is, your annual activities fee covers all events on campus, so you don't need to carry cash to pay for them. The activities fee also covers printing and laundry. Swarthmore students are never bored with so many student organizations on campus. Student-led clubs are accessible to anyone at Swarthmore. Every Fall there is a Club Fair organized by the College, where anyone can learn about the clubs at Swarthmore and sign up to participate. If the club of your interest is not present at Swarthmore, you can request funding from the College and start the club yourself. International students are automatically invited to join our i20 student organization, one of Swarthmore's largest (if not largest) club. i20 represents international students and students who went abroad for high school. Contact Us If you have additional questions, please email us . To request additional information about Swarthmore College, please join our mailing list . Connect with Us Join Our Mailing List Meet Our Staff Ask a Swattie Admissions Blog Information for Alumni Volunteers Annual Fire Safety & Security Report [pdf] Site Footer Contact Information 500 College Avenue Swarthmore , PA 19081 (610) 328-8000 Social Links Site Feedback and Accessibility If you encountered an issue with this website or have an accessibility concern, please let us know . Legal Links Privacy Policy Accessibility Resources Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy Helpful Links - Left Column A-Z Index Arts @ Swarthmore Calendar Campus & Community Store Campus Map Career Services Chester Children's Chorus Directory Helpful Links - Right Column Lang Center for Civic & Social Responsibility Make A Gift Offices & Services Scott Arboretum Title IX Visit Swarthmore Work at Swarthmore Social Links Site Feedback and Accessibility If you encountered an issue with this website or have an accessibility concern, please let us know . Legal Links Privacy Policy Accessibility Resources Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy © 2026 Swarthmore College. All Rights Reserved. Additional Site Navigation Meet Swarthmore Hide or show the sub-menu options for Meet Swarthmore What's Distinctive About Swarthmore? Mission Why Liberal Arts? A Brief History By the Numbers Explore Swarthmore Traditions Diversity @Swarthmore Meet the President Academics Hide or show the sub-menu options for Academics Academic Calendar Programs of Study Course Catalog Faculty Spotlight Course Spotlight First-Year Experience Global Engagement Honors Program Libraries Registrar Research Tri-College Consortium Campus Life Hide or show the sub-menu options for Campus Life Arts@Swarthmore Athletics & Recreation Be Well Career Services Clubs & Activities Commencement Living @ Swarthmore New Students Offices & Services Sustainability Admissions & Aid Hide or show the sub-menu options for Admissions & Aid Affordability & Access Apply to Swarthmore Financial Aid & Cost Swarthmore Tuition Guarantee Life After Swarthmore Campus Tours and Virtual Visits SwatStories Visit Admissions News & Events Hide or show the sub-menu options for News & Events Stories Social Media Faculty Experts Faculty & Alumni Lectures Campus Calendar Campus Classifieds Communications Office Social Media Links Additional Navigation Links Alumni Resources & Events Athletics & Recreation Campus Calendar Giving Libraries Parent & Family Resources Social Media Links Helpful Information The Dash Dining Hall Hours Next Trains to Philadelphia guides Swarthmore Traditions How to Plan Your Classes The Swarthmore Bucket List View previous guide View next guide Search the website Search Form What are you looking for? Looking for a specific person? Try searching the Directory Helpful Links A-Z Index Academic Calendar Accessibility Resources Alumni Resources Application Requirements Athletics & Recreation Calendar Campus Map Course Catalog Dash Directory Faculty Handbook Giving Global Engagement Libraries Make a Gift Parent Resources Tripod Catalog