Skip to main content Menu Navigation Tips The following menu has 2 levels. Use left and right arrow keys to navigate between menus. Use up and down arrow keys to explore within a submenu. Use enter to activate. Within a submenu, use escape to move to top level menu parent. From top level menus, use escape to exit the menu. Main Horizontal Navigation Meet Swarthmore What's Distinctive About Swarthmore? Mission Why Liberal Arts? A Brief History By the Numbers Explore Swarthmore Traditions Diversity @Swarthmore Meet the President Academics Academic Calendar Programs of Study Course Catalog Faculty Spotlight Course Spotlight First-Year Experience Global Engagement Honors Program Libraries Registrar Research Tri-College Consortium Campus Life Arts@Swarthmore Athletics & Recreation Be Well Career Services Clubs & Activities Commencement Living @ Swarthmore New Students Offices & Services Sustainability Admissions & Aid Affordability & Access Apply to Swarthmore Financial Aid & Cost Swarthmore Tuition Guarantee Life After Swarthmore Campus Tours and Virtual Visits SwatStories Visit Admissions News & Events Stories Social Media Faculty Experts Faculty & Alumni Lectures Campus Calendar Campus Classifieds Communications Office Additional Navigation and Search Menu Close Options Accessibility Options Animation: On Off Home Home Admissions & Aid Explore Section Admissions & Aid Department Pages How to Apply Dates, Deadlines and Requirements Art Supplements Standardized Testing Policy Request an Interview Guidance on AI Usage Financial Aid Affordability & Access Campus Tours and Virtual Visits Life After Swarthmore Join Our Mailing List Contact Admissions En Español Contact Information Address Admissions Office Parrish Hall, Second Floor 500 College Avenue Swarthmore, PA 19081 Office of Financial Aid Email admissions @ swarthmore. edu Copy email address to clipboard Phone 610-328-8300 Hours Monday - Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Social Media Swarthmore Admissions on Facebook Swarthmore's Admissions Twitter site Swarthmore Admissions on Instagram Application Materials & Deadlines First-year applicants may apply to Swarthmore via the Common Application , Coalition on Scoir Application , or QuestBridge Application . Swarthmore does not have a preference among any of our application options. Please submit only one application in an application year. There is a limit to the number of times a student can be considered for admission to Swarthmore. A student can apply to Swarthmore a maximum of three (3) times, including first-year and transfer admission. A student who applies for a fourth time will have their application withdrawn and the application fee will be refunded if applicable. International students , homeschooled students , undocumented students , and transfer students should review information specific to their situation. Learn more about: Required Materials Optional Materials Submitting Materials Deadlines Early Decision Applicants Admissions Privacy Policy Required Materials Common Application, Coalition on Scoir Application, or QuestBridge Application Swarthmore College Short Answer As part of the Common Application and Coalition Application, you will be asked to submit no more than 250 words in response to each short answer question (QuestBridge applicants are asked the same question on our Swarthmore-QuestBridge Intent to Apply form). For the 2026-2027 admissions cycle, students will be asked to answer both of the following questions: Swarthmore College maintains an ongoing commitment of building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive residential community dedicated to rigorous intellectual inquiry. All who engage in our community are empowered through the open exchange of ideas guided by equity and social responsibility to thrive and contribute as bridge builders within global communities. Our identities and perspectives are supported and developed by our immediate contexts and lived experiences - in our neighborhoods, families, classrooms, communities of faith, and more. What aspects of your self-identity or personal background are most significant to you? Reflecting on the elements of your home, school, or other communities that have shaped your life, explain how you have grown in your ability to navigate differences when engaging with others, or demonstrated your ability to collaborate in communities other than your own. Swarthmore's community of learners inspire one another through their collaborative and flexible approach to learning. Swarthmore students are comfortable with intellectual experimentation and connection of ideas across the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and interdisciplinary studies through a liberal arts education. Tell us about a topic that has fascinated you recently - either inside or outside of the classroom. What made you curious about this? Has this topic connected across other areas of your interests? How has this experience shaped you and what encourages you to keep exploring? $60 application fee or fee waiver* School report: This form provides information about your school and is submitted through an application platform by your school counselor. This is different from the high school transcript. School counselor recommendation High school transcript Midyear grades: If your school does not have midyear grades, please provide a midyear progress report from your teachers. Two academic-subject teacher recommendations/evaluations Applicants attending school outside the U.S., regardless of citizenship, are required to submit one of the following : Swarthmore Video Response, English Proficiency Exam Result, or an Initialview Video. *Eligible students for application fee waivers to Swarthmore College are determined by Swarthmore College, Common Application, NACAC, The College Board, or the ACT. All students with financial need are welcome to complete SwatPass to find out if you qualify for an application fee waiver. Optional Materials Self-reported or official standardized test scores ( Swarthmore's Testing Policy ). Test scores are optional, and students who either did not take a test or choose not to share results with us will not be penalized in the admissions process. Swarthmore offers optional interviews . Please note that applicants who do not interview are not at a disadvantage. All students have the option to submit a video response as a supplement to your application. We want to hear directly from you and give you the chance to give us unique insight into your thought process or experiences. After you submit your application, you will have the option to record a video response in your Swarthmore application portal. Application portals open by mid-October. Students with especially strong backgrounds and interest in pursuing the arts at Swarthmore can share samples of their work free of charge. We accept supplements in creative writing (written or spoken word poetry and fiction), dance (performance and choreography), music (performance and composition), theater, and the visual arts. Applicants will be able to submit their creative supplements in their Swarthmore portal. Submissions provide our Admissions Committee with examples of students' artistic talents and are subject to faculty review. Please know, however, that we cannot guarantee all works will be evaluated. Learn more about Art Supplement submission guidelines . Additional materials that you feel are important to understanding who you are (such as resumes, research abstracts, Schoolhouse.world portfolios, or other items) can be uploaded in your portal after you submit your application. We also accept VIVA through InitialView as a way to share a paper, presentation, research project, video of something you've built, or any other project you're proud of. Please review financial aid application instructions and deadlines for first-year applicants. Submitting Materials Your school documents must be submitted directly from a school official, including teacher recommendations and transcripts. School officials can submit these documents via the Common Application, Scoir, QuestBridge, Naviance, or Parchment/Docufide. In rare cases, school officials can submit relevant documents as PDFs via email . Please note, any materials or items mailed to Swarthmore Admissions cannot be returned. If you want to highlight an award or other achievement, instead of mailing it to Swarthmore, you can upload a photo along with a brief description to your applicant portal. Deadlines Fall Early Decision Application Deadline: November 15 All testing should be complete by early November. Admission decisions are released online in mid-December. Winter Early Decision Application Deadline: January 4 All testing should be complete by mid-December. Admission decisions are released online in mid-February. Regular Decision Application Deadline: January 4 We strongly encourage all applicants to complete testing by mid-December, but may be able to consider scores for tests completed by early February. Admission decisions are released online by April 1. Transfer Decision Application Deadline: April 1 Admission decisions are released online, typically in mid-May, through the applicant portal. We understand that there may be unexpected complications that impact students during the application process and prevent them from meeting certain application deadlines. We are committed to offering flexibility with deadlines for students who experience adversity, whether born out of a personal challenge or a natural disaster. Accommodations will be made on a case-by-case basis, please contact our office to discuss your situation. Early Decision Applicants If you will apply Early Decision, please include: Common Application Early Decision Agreement [PDF] , Coalition on SCOIR Application Early Decision Agreement [PDF] , or QuestBridge Application Early Decision Agreement First quarter/trimester senior grades Admissions Privacy Policy Admission applications and application credentials submitted to Swarthmore College are treated with confidentiality. As such, admissions staff members communicate directly with applicants about their application materials and admission decision. Admissions communicates primarily via email with applicants at the email address provided in their application. In limited circumstances, admissions staff may communicate with a parent/guardian, a school official, or a college access advisor. The Admissions Office receives and processes admission applications and application credentials. The educational records of matriculating students are shared with appropriate campus departments, including Information Technology Services, the Registrar, the Dean's Office, and faculty advisors. The Admissions Office purges the evaluative materials of all applicant records, including any notes from admissions reader review forms, interview reports, faculty and staff evaluations of supplementary materials, and all other supplementary material. Application credentials for students who do not matriculate are also purged. Note to applicants: Swarthmore College reserves the right to evaluate an application and make a final decision, even if all parts of the application have not been received. Swarthmore College may be required to report incidents of abuse that are disclosed in applications. Connect with Us Join Our Mailing List Meet Our Staff Ask a Swattie Admissions Blog Information for Alumni Volunteers Annual Fire Safety & Security Report [pdf] Site Footer Contact Information 500 College Avenue Swarthmore , PA 19081 (610) 328-8000 Social Links Site Feedback and Accessibility If you encountered an issue with this website or have an accessibility concern, please let us know . Legal Links Privacy Policy Accessibility Resources Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy Helpful Links - Left Column A-Z Index Arts @ Swarthmore Calendar Campus & Community Store Campus Map Career Services Chester Children's Chorus Directory Helpful Links - Right Column Lang Center for Civic & Social Responsibility Make A Gift Offices & Services Scott Arboretum Title IX Visit Swarthmore Work at Swarthmore Social Links Site Feedback and Accessibility If you encountered an issue with this website or have an accessibility concern, please let us know . Legal Links Privacy Policy Accessibility Resources Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy © 2026 Swarthmore College. All Rights Reserved. Additional Site Navigation Meet Swarthmore Hide or show the sub-menu options for Meet Swarthmore What's Distinctive About Swarthmore? Mission Why Liberal Arts? A Brief History By the Numbers Explore Swarthmore Traditions Diversity @Swarthmore Meet the President Academics Hide or show the sub-menu options for Academics Academic Calendar Programs of Study Course Catalog Faculty Spotlight Course Spotlight First-Year Experience Global Engagement Honors Program Libraries Registrar Research Tri-College Consortium Campus Life Hide or show the sub-menu options for Campus Life Arts@Swarthmore Athletics & Recreation Be Well Career Services Clubs & Activities Commencement Living @ Swarthmore New Students Offices & Services Sustainability Admissions & Aid Hide or show the sub-menu options for Admissions & Aid Affordability & Access Apply to Swarthmore Financial Aid & Cost Swarthmore Tuition Guarantee Life After Swarthmore Campus Tours and Virtual Visits SwatStories Visit Admissions News & Events Hide or show the sub-menu options for News & Events Stories Social Media Faculty Experts Faculty & Alumni Lectures Campus Calendar Campus Classifieds Communications Office Social Media Links Additional Navigation Links Alumni Resources & Events Athletics & Recreation Campus Calendar Giving Libraries Parent & Family Resources Social Media Links Helpful Information The Dash Dining Hall Hours Next Trains to Philadelphia guides Swarthmore Traditions How to Plan Your Classes The Swarthmore Bucket List View previous guide View next guide Search the website Search Form What are you looking for? Looking for a specific person? Try searching the Directory Helpful Links A-Z Index Academic Calendar Accessibility Resources Alumni Resources Application Requirements Athletics & Recreation Calendar Campus Map Course Catalog Dash Directory Faculty Handbook Giving Global Engagement Libraries Make a Gift Parent Resources Tripod Catalog