Contact Us International Students Bilkent University Menü Discover Bilkent Bilkent in Brief Campus Life Academic Environment Ankara, The Capital Information on Turkey Student Experiences Academic Programs Undergraduate Programs Summer School Graduate Programs Academic Calendar Applying to Study How to Apply? English Language Proficiency Office of International Students Application Form Registration Tuition Fee Scholarships for International Students Coming to Bilkent How to Prepare? How to Get to Bilkent Accommodation GE 100 Orientation Program Bilkent International House - Student Club Campus Plan How to Apply? UNDERGRADUATE APPLICATION This Fall Bilkent University welcomes you to join an exceptional learning environment that will fulfill your academic ambitions and desire to experience cultural diversity at its richest. Apply now and become a member of a worldwide ranked university in Turkey that attracts the brightest students from all around the world with its renowned scholars and top-notch facilities. Undergraduate applications for the 2026-2027 academic year fall semester will be open between 2 February - 12 July 2026: Online Application Form Bilkent University accepts international qualifications listed below and a wide range of national qualifications listed here for study in our undergraduate programs. These are the minimum qualifications required for application. Meeting these minimum qualifications does not guarantee admission to a program. SAT (digital & paper-based): Reasoning Test: A minimum score of 1000 out of 1600 in "Math" and "Critical Reading" sections. Subject Test: A minimum score of 500 out of 800 from minimum two sections related to the applied program. GCE Advanced Level (General Certificate Education), Cambridge International A Level: Minimum three A level subjects in particular area of the applied program with at least "C" grade. For 5 (five) subjects: a) 2 (two) A levels + 3 (three) O levels b) 2 (two) A levels + 1 (one) AS level + 2 (two) O levels For 4 (four) subjects: a) 3 (three) A levels + 1 (one) O level Please note that applications with predicted grades/results/scores will not be evaluated. International Baccalaureate (IB): A minimum diploma score of 28 out of 45. Mimimum one HL subject related to the applied program. International Science Olympiads: Gold, Silver or Bronze Medal holders in International Science Olympiads recognized by TÜBİTAK (The Scientific and Technical Research Council of Turkey) Students who are admitted to the University will be asked to provide the original copies of all the documents submitted with their application. Bilkent University reserves the right to verify the validity of exam scores. | contact@bilkent.edu.tr | Bilkent University |