Search Search Select your language KZ RU EN About the University About Us Rector's Welcome Message History Vision, Mission and Strategy Management Structure Administration Rector reports Financial Statements Scientific Council League of Academic Integrity Advisory Board ESG Principles at KBTU KBTU ESG Competence Centre Corporate Governance Inclusion and equal opportunities in KBTU SDG Center at KBTU Academic and Methodological Council Students Student Life Student Fee Psychologist Resources for learners Scientific Library Student Dormitory Career and employment Anti-terror Schools Internationalization Science About Science JSC Institute of Chemical Sciences named after A.B. Bekturov" JSC Institute of Fuel, Catalysis and Electrochemistry named after D.V. Sokolsky LLP "Institute of Engineering and Information Technologies KBTU" Petroleum Engineering Institute "One Belt, One Road" The Dissertation Council KBTU Academy of Corporate Education Alumni KBTU KBTU Endowment Fund Alumni Association Guest lectures Women Empowerment Mentorship Home Internationalization International admissions About us Accreditations International affiliations Partnerships Rankings Mobility International admissions International admissions {spoiler= How to apply? } 1 step - Register on portal admissions.kbtu.kz/apply 2 step - Complete the Application Form and upload all the required documents (see list of documents below) 3 step - Take an English language test (IELTS, TOEFL, DUOLINGO, KELET) Undergraduate degree Master's degree PhD 1. Passport 2. Educational document (certificate) with an attachment 3. Certificate of English proficiency (IELTS, TOEFL if available) 4. Motivation letter in English (up to 600 words) 1. Passport 2. Higher education diploma 3. Certificate of English proficiency (IELTS, TOEFL if available) 4. Motivation letter in English (up to 600 words) 5. Two letters of recommendation (at least one academic) 1. Passport 2. Higher education diploma 3. Certificate of English proficiency (IELTS, TOEFL if available) 4. Motivation letter in English (up to 600 words) 5. Two letters of recommendation (at least one academic) 6. Resume/Curriculum Vitae 7. Research Proposal {/spoilers} {spoiler= Visa Support } Foreign students from non-CIS countries can come to Kazakhstan only after receiving a study visa from the Embassy of Kazakhstan. Foreign students from CIS and EAEU countries can enter without a visa, but upon arrival in Kazakhstan, they must obtain a Temporary Residence Permit (TRP). 1. Study Visa for Students from Non-CIS Countries Step 1: Receiving an Invitation Letter Foreign students from non-CIS countries are eligible for a student visa to Kazakhstan only after receiving an official invitation letter. This invitation letter is issued by the university through the Migration Police of Almaty. In accordance with the Migration Rules of the Republic of Kazakhstan, initial visas of category C9 are issued at foreign diplomatic institutions of Kazakhstan (Embassy or Consulate of Kazakhstan abroad). A study visa (C9) cannot be obtained upon arrival, even if there is a visa-free regime with some countries (except for ethnic Kazakhs traveling to Kazakhstan for study purposes). The state fee for issuing an invitation letter is 2,166 tenge (as of 2025). Documents Required for an Invitation Letter: The student must submit the following documents to the Department of Internationalization (DI): A scanned copy of the passport If the student permanently resides outside their home country and plans to apply for a visa from there, they must provide a multiple-entry visa or residence permit for that country Residential address Processing time: 7 working days. Step 2: Applying for a Visa After receiving the invitation letter, the student must submit all required documents to the Kazakhstan Embassy/Consulate abroad. Required Documents for a Study Visa: A copy of the invitation letter for the visa Original passport (valid for at least 6 months beyond the visa's expiration date and with at least 2 blank pages for the visa stamp) A copy of the passport A completed visa application form (available online or at the Embassy of Kazakhstan) One passport-size photo (3.5 cm x 4.5 cm) Visa fee: 200 USD (for a multiple-entry annual visa). Visa processing time: 5 business days. NOTE: Additional documents may be requested at the discretion of the Consulate. Contacts of Kazakhstan's embassies abroad: https://egov.kz/cms/ru/articles/kz_foreign_establishments 2. Extension of a Student Visa in Kazakhstan To extend a visa in Kazakhstan before its expiration date, the student must submit the following documents to the Department of Internationalization (DI) at least 30 working days before the visa expires (or at least 10 working days before the visa expiration date): Required Documents for Visa Extension: Passport One passport-size photo (3.5 cm x 4.5 cm) A completed visa application form (to be filled out at the DI office) State fee for a multiple-entry visa: 119,460 tenge 3. Temporary Residence Permit (TRP) for Students from CIS and EAEU Countries Students from CIS countries arriving in Kazakhstan for more than 30 calendar days must obtain a Temporary Residence Permit (TRP). To apply for a TRP, the student must submit their passport to the Department of Internationalization (DI) within 30 days of arrival. Upon Arrival in Kazakhstan All students must complete the following steps: Obtain an IIN number (Individual Identification Number) https://egov.kz/cms/en/articles/iin_info Complete the nostrification/recognition procedure during their first semester at KBTU Fee: Approximately 70 USD Obtain a medical certificate (form 075/y, previously known as form 086/y), approved by order No. 907 Obtain a laboratory examination certificate for HIV infection, hepatitis B and C {/spoilers} {spoiler= Scholarship } Scholarship Program for Studying at Universities in Kazakhstan Document Submission Dates: March 30 to May 30, 2025. (follow updates on the Bolashak website https://bolashak.gov.kz/en/scholarship-program). Contact Information: +7 (7172) 28 75 26 +7 (7172) 28 75 31 E-mail : This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. What the Scholarship Covers: Education (4 years for a bachelor's degree, 2 years for a master's degree, 3 years for doctoral studies) Monthly scholarship: 52,372 tenge for undergraduate students 117,098 tenge for master's students 262,500 tenge for doctoral students What the Scholarship Does Not Cover: Visa costs, including an invitation for a visa Rental housing Personal expenses Flights Other expenses Application Process: Read the information on the website: https://bolashak.gov.kz/en/scholarship-program/requirements-bachelors-degree Apply for an invitation letter from the university by following the "How to Apply" process Register on the portal and submit the required documents Required Documents Requirements for bachelor's degree: The applicant is eligible for the scholarship if each education level is pursued for the first time; Identity document (including a refugee certificate); A document on the previous level of education with a transcript and attachment (if available) and a notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian or English (for applicants for a bachelor's degree - the average score of the document confirming secondary education with a grade of at least "good" ); Motivational essay in Kazakh or Russian or English; One letter of recommendation in Kazakh or Russian or English from the educational organization in which the applicant studied, or from the employer; A health certificate for travellers to study abroad, as well as a health certificate on the absence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-infection) and AIDS disease, issued by the official health authority of the applicant's country of residence; application form; - click to download Letter of invitation from the Kazakhstan university (if available). Requirements for master's degree: The applicant is eligible for the scholarship if each education level is pursued for the first time; Identity document; A document verifying the previous level of education with a transcript and an appendix (if available) along with a notarized translation into Kazakh, Russian, or English. The document should be from an educational institution with a GPA of at least 3.0 (out of 4.0) or its equivalent; Motivational essay in Kazakh or Russian or English; Two letters of recommendation in Kazakh, Russian, or English from the educational institution where you studied or from your employer; A health certificate for travellers to study abroad, as well as a health certificate on the absence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-infection) and AIDS disease, issued by the official health authority of the applicant's country of residence; application form; - click to download letter of invitation from the Kazakhstan university (if available); An international certificate confirming proficiency in a foreign language (e.g., IELTS, TOEFL, DSH, DELF, etc.), with the respective minimum scores as specified: English: IELTS Academic (International English Language Testing System Academic) threshold score - at least 5.5; TOEFL IBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet-based test), threshold score - at least 46; TOEFL PBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Paper-based test), threshold score - at least 453; German: Deutsche Sprachpruefung fuer den Hochschulzugang (DSH, Niveau B2/level B2), TestDaF-Prufung (Niveau B2/level B2); French: TFI (Test de Français International™) - not lower than B2 level in reading and listening sections), DELF (Diplome d'Etudes en Langue française) - level B2, DALF (Diplome Approfondi de Langue française) - level B2, TCF (Test de connaissance du français) - at least 50 points; For proficiency in the Chinese language HSK - Hanyu Shuiping Kaushi, at least level 4; An international language proficiency certificate is not required if your previous education was in the program's language. Requirements for doctoral program: The applicant is eligible for the scholarship if each education level is pursued for the first time; Identity document; A document verifying the previous level of education with a transcript and an appendix (if available) along with a notarized translation into Kazakh, Russian, or English. The document should be from an educational institution with a GPA of at least 3.0 (out of 4.0) or its equivalent; Motivational essay in Kazakh or Russian or English; Two letters of recommendation in Kazakh, Russian, or English from the educational institution where you studied or from your employer; A health certificate for travellers to study abroad, as well as a health certificate on the absence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-infection) and AIDS disease, issued by the official health authority of the applicant's country of residence; application form; - click to download letter of invitation from the Kazakhstan university (if available); An international certificate confirming proficiency in a foreign language (e.g., IELTS, TOEFL, DSH, DELF, etc.), with the respective minimum scores as specified: English: IELTS Academic (International English Language Testing System Academic) threshold score - at least 5.5; TOEFL IBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet-based test), threshold score - at least 46; TOEFL PBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Paper-based test), threshold score - at least 453; German: Deutsche Sprachpruefung fuer den Hochschulzugang (DSH, Niveau B2/level B2), TestDaF-Prufung (Niveau B2/level B2); French: TFI (Test de Français International™) - not lower than B2 level in reading and listening sections), DELF (Diplome d'Etudes en Langue française) - level B2, DALF (Diplome Approfondi de Langue française) - level B2, TCF (Test de connaissance du français) - at least 50 points; For proficiency in the Chinese language HSK - Hanyu Shuiping Kaushi, at least level 4; An international language proficiency certificate is not required if your previous education was in the program's language. Substantiation of the topic of the dissertation research in the language of instruction (Kazakh or Russian or English). Internal Grants and Discounts Grants/discounts are available for: Citizens of CIS countries, Georgia, Ukraine, Mongolia, Pakistan, India, Turkey, and Indonesia. Ethnic Kazakh citizens from any foreign country. Admission Process: Document Submission: March 1 - May 1 Interview with the Admissions Committee: May 2 - May 31 Stage 1: Document Submission Applicants must register on the portal admissions.kbtu.kz and upload the required documents. Documents for Bachelor's Degree Applicants Documents for Master's Degree Applicants Passport Passport Educational documents (diploma or secondary education certificate) Educational documents (Bachelor's diploma and transcript) Letter of recommendation Two letters of recommendation (at least one academic) Language proficiency certificate (IELTS, TOEFL, Duolingo, STEP or KELET) Language proficiency certificate (IELTS, TOEFL, Duolingo, or KELET) Motivation letter (600 words in English) Motivation letter (600 words in English) Other certificates of achievement (if any) Other certificates of achievement (if any) Stage 2: Interview Applicants who successfully pass the first stage will be invited to an interview. The date and time will be sent to the applicant's email. {/spoilers} {spoiler=Request Consultation } {/spoilers} 8 727 357 42 42 Republic of Kazakhstan Almaty, Tole bi street, 59 kense@kbtu.kz helpdesk@kbtu.kz Education Undergraduate Graduate Postgraduate Academy of Corporate Education International admission Admission +7 (727) 357 42 51 admission@kbtu.kz Useful links Vacancy Procurement Any use of materials is permitted only with a hyperlink to https://kbtu.edu.kz