Accessibility links Jump to main content Open Main Navigation Open Search Form University Research Study Transfer Study Management of Studies Study Key Dates & Deadlines Summersemester 2026 SEMESTER DATES 01 April 2025 to 30 September 2026 LECTURE PERIOD 13 April 2026 to 25 July 2026 Please note the different lecture periods for the Master's degree programmes Translational Medical Research and Biomedical Engineering. FREE PERIOD Public holidays of the state of Baden-Württemberg FURTHER LECTURE PERIODS Lecture periods are currently fixed until the summer semester 2030. The winter semester begins on 01 October and ends on 31 March, the summer semester begins on 01 April and ends on 30 September. The semester times are not identical with the lecture times. Lectures are cancelled on the public holidays of the state of Baden-Württemberg. Further semester dates Public holidays of the state of Baden-Württemberg (DE) Application deadlines* Application deadlines Bachelor's and state examination programmes The application deadlines for the 1st semester of the Bachelor's and Staatsexamen degree programmes vary according to the selection procedure of the degree programmes. Application deadlines Master programmes The application deadlines for the 1st semester of the Master's programmes vary according to the respective procedure of the programmes. Application Deadlines Advanced semesters in undergraduate degree programmes Application Deadlines Advanced semesters in master's degree programmes Retrieving the notifications Dispatch of notifications Notices of admission Depending on the course of study, admission notifications are sent by post or can be viewed online. Admission to the subjects with central allocation procedure (hochschulstart.de) and to the subjects with admission restriction and entrance examination is via the respective applicant portal. Detailed information can be found here. Dispatch of notifications Notices of rejection Some of the degree programmes send the rejection notices by post. The rejection notices for the subjects with central allocation procedure (hochstulstart.de) and for the subjects with admission restrictions and entrance examination can be viewed in the respective applicant portal. You can find an overview of the periods and the methods of sending rejection notices here. Deadlines for enrolment* Table Admission procedure Summer Semester Winter Semester Admission procedure Summer Semester Winter Semester Undergraduate subjects with no admission restrictions and no required entrance examination 01.12. - 30.04. 1.06. - 31.10. Undergraduate subjects with admission restrictions (university internal selection procedure or DOSV) The enrolment deadline is announced in the notification of admission. The enrolment deadline is announced in the notification of admission. Undergraduate subjects with entrance examination 01.02 .- 31.03. 01.08. - 30.09. Master's degree programmes with access restrictions 01.10 - 30.04. 01.04. - 31.10. Biomedical Engineering To be announced Translational Medical Research To be announced Master's degree programmes with additional access restriction The enrolment period is stated in the notification of admission. The enrolment period is stated in the notification of admission. Master's degree programmes for continuing education 01.02 .- 30.04. 01.09. - 31.10. Master of Education with admission restriction and Master of Education extension subject with admission restriction The enrolment period is stated in the notification of admission. The enrolment period is stated in the notification of admission. Master of Education without admission restriction and Master of Education extension subject without admission restriction 01.02 .- 30.04. 01.09. - 31.10. Doctorate From 16.02. for the summer semester From 16.07. for the winter semester Other dates* Table Administrative process Winter Semester Summer Semester Administrative process Winter Semester Summer Semester Re-registration 15 June to 15 July 15 Januar to 15 February Leave of absence At the earliest from the date of re-registration until the first day of the lecture period of the winter semester. At the earliest from the date of re-registration until the first day of the lecture period of the summer semester. Exmatriculation An exmatriculation can always be requested. As a rule, exmatriculations are pronounced at the end of the semester. In well-founded cases, exmatriculations can, however, be possible by date. An exmatriculation can always be requested. As a rule, exmatriculations are pronounced at the end of the semester. In well-founded cases, exmatriculations can, however, be possible by date. Lottery Application deadline: September 15 - October 15. Lot applications received earlier or later cannot be considered. Enrollment: The enrollment deadline will be announced in the admission letter. Application deadline: March 15 - April 15. Lot applications received earlier or later cannot be considered. Enrollment: The enrollment deadline will be announced in the admission letter. Guest Auditors 01 August to 31 October 01 March to 30 April Studienkolleg 01 May to 30 June 1 November to 15 December * PLEASE NOTE: If a deadline ends on a Sunday, an official holiday or a Saturday, it is not extended to the next working day (section 31 para. 3 sentence 2 and para. 5 Landesverwaltungsverfahrensgesetz Baden-Württemberg). Deutsch Contact Footer Main menu University Research Study Transfer Newsroom Events Maps Information For Alumni Employees Doctoral Candidates Lecturers Press & Media Friends & Supporters Quick Links Institutions Faculties International Excellence Strategy Key Dates & Deadlines Course Overview Job Market Contact +49 6221 54-0 Heidelberg University Grabengasse 1 69117 Heidelberg Directions Footer Memberships Languages Diese Webseite auf Deutsch English Footer Legal Imprint Privacy Statement Accessibility Footer Social Media ©2026 Heidelberg University Footer Legal Imprint Privacy Statement Accessibility