Accessibility links Jump to main content Open Main Navigation Open Search Form University Research Study Transfer Study Management of Studies Semester Fees Contributions and Fees Tuition fees for international students International students from non-EU (European Union) and non-EEA (European Economic Area - Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway) countries with a foreign university entrance qualification will be required to pay a tuition fee of EUR 1500 per semester. Scope Starting in the winter semester 2017/18, international students from non-EU (European Union) and non-EEA (European Economic Area - Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway) countries with a foreign university entrance qualification will be required to pay a tuition fee of EUR 1500 per semester for Bachelor's/Staatsexamen and consecutive Master's degree programmes at all institutions of higher education in Baden-Württemberg (Germany). Students from EU and EEA member states, as well as international students with a German university entrance qualification are exempt from these tuition fees. Furthermore, this regulation only applies to students who intend to start their degree programme in the winter semester 2017/18 or those who intend to change their (entire) degree programme or institution of higher education. Students who were already enrolled at Heidelberg University in the summer semester 2017, and intend to continue in the same degree programme in the winter semester 2017/18 are exempt from these tuition fees. In this case, the grandfather clause will apply. A component of the previous degree programme may be changed once without incurring an obligation to pay tuition fees. International students who come to Heidelberg University from a different institution of higher education will be subject to tuition fees at Heidelberg University. Landeshochschulgebührengesetz FAQ on Websites of the Ministry of Science, Research and the Arts Exceptions for payment obligation In a small number of cases, the law on tuition fees for international students provides for certain exceptions. These exceptions are outlined under § 5 of the Higher Education Fees Act (Landeshochschulgebührengesetz - LHGebG). If one of these cases applies to you, you are required to submit the respective verifying documents within the given deadline to studiengebuehren@zuv.uni-heidelberg.de Depending on the reason, an exemption is granted for the duration of the validity of your residence permit or for the standard period of study of the degree programme. The information required for tuition fee exemption for international students must be provided in the information sheet you can find here on the right. NOTE that only the German version of the information sheet is legally binding, the English version is provided for information purposes only. All cases in which students are exempt from paying tuition fees are defined in the legal text. It can be accessed on the website of the Ministry of Science, Research and the Arts (Ministerium für Wissenschaft, Forschung und Kunst). Landeshochschulgebührengesetz Information Form for International Students Tuition fee exemption In a small number of cases, international students may be exempt from tuition fees. The reasons for exemption are detailed under § 6 of the Higher Education Fees Act (Landeshochschulgebührengesetz - LHGebG). Depending on the reason, exemptions may be issued for one semester or for the standard period of study of the degree programme. International students with permission to reside (Aufenthaltsgestattung) in accordance with § 55, paragraph 1 of the Asylum Law (Asylgesetz), with a Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF) protection rate (Schutzquote) of 50% or more or a disability in accordance with § 2 of the Ninth Book of the German Social Welfare Code (Neuntes Buch Sozialgesetzbuch) that considerably affects their ability to study may apply for exemption from the obligation to pay tuition fees for the standard period of study of their degree programme. Students may apply for tuition fee exemption in the case of a leave of absence in accordance with § 61 of the Act on Higher Education of the Land of Baden-Württemberg (Landeshochschulgesetz - LHG) or practical year in accordance with § 1, paragraph 2, clause 1, item 1 of the Licensing Act for Doctors (Approbationsordnung für Ärzte) or practical semester in accordance with § 29, paragraph 3, clause 2 of the Act on Higher Education of the Land of Baden-Württemberg for the duration of the aforementioned reason. After that period, students will be required to pay tuition fees again. In addition, the institutions of higher education are authorised to exempt up to 5% of international students from their obligation to pay tuition fees. In this case, the respective Heidelberg University charter is also based on § 6 of the Higher Education Fees Act. It states that students who start their first semester of a study programme at Heidelberg University can apply for exemption from tuition fees within the quota the Ministry of Science, Research and Art has designated.Please refer to the charter as well as the application form for information about application deadlines and required documents. deadline for exemption from tuition fees The application deadline for exemption from tuition fees in accordance with Heidelberg University's regulations is 15 July for the following winter semester and 15 January for the following summer semester. On the application form, you will find further information about the supporting documents that need to be submitted. If the application period for the degree programme you have chosen ends before 15 July or 15 January (e.g. Master's degree programmes), you can submit the application for exemption from tuition fees together with the application for admission to the degree programme. In this case, please note that the decisions on individual exemption cases will be taken after the general deadline (15 July or 15 Janary respectively). You will be notified of the decision taken on whether you will be exempt from paying tuition fees in August or in March accordingly. Tuition fees: Application for exemption from tuition fees in accordance with the Heidelberg University charter Application for exemption from tuition fees (other reasons) Heidelberg University charter Waiver of Tuition Fees for International Students If international students of Heidelberg University find that their studies have been detrimentally impacted by restrictions enforced due to unforeseen circumstances, they may submit an application for a waiver of tuition fees for international students claiming a "financial emergency" as defined in § 7 of the LHGebG (Higher Education Fee Act) or "undue hardship" as defined in § 22, paragraph 2 of the LHGebG (State Fees Act). International students may apply for a waiver as set forth in § 7 of the LHGebG if the following applies: If, as a result of unforeseen circumstances and through no fault of your own, you are experiencing unforeseeable financial difficulties. If you intend to apply for a waiver of tuition fees according to § 7 LHGebG, please note that both an approval of your application and a refund of the tuition fees for international students in the amount of € 1,500 are not possible if the tuition fees has already been transferred to your student account for the following re-registration semester. At the moment tuition fees are paid, no financial emergency will be deemed to apply. Payment of the student contribution for the semester remains obligatory (contributions to the student services organisation, student body, and administrative fees. Each application will be considered on an individual basis. Furthermore, we would like to point out that you are encouraged to make use of other financing options, such as the " KfW-Studienkredit" or a so-called " Überbrückungshilfe" (interim financial aid). Please note: students who take up their studies for the first time in a degree program or partial degree program in the 1st semester at Heidelberg University are not entitled to submit an application according to § 7 LHGebG. Application Documents and Deadline in accordance with the § 7 LHGebG The application form and the financial projection forms for (partial) waiver of tuition fees must be completed in full and signed. Financial hardship through no fault of the applicant must be demonstrated by a written declaration of economic hardship and appropriate evidence of the stated reason must be provided. The application according to § 7 LHGebG with the declaration and the corresponding evidence must be sent to the following e-mail address by July 15 for the following winter semester or February 15 for the following summer semester at the latest: studiengebuehren@zuv.uni-heidelberg.de When applying, please submit both of the required forms: the application form and its attachment. International Students may apply for a waiver as set forth in § 22, paragraph 2 of the LGebG under the following circumstances: As a result of examinations being cancelled, you have unexpectedly been required to re-register for an additional semester, You are unable to earn the required credits due to changes in circumstances, such as the documented closure of laboratories or if you must care for a child/children due to the closing of childcare facilities or schools. Application Documents and Deadline in accordance with the § 22 (2) of the LGebG: The application in accordance with §22 (2) LGebG with the associated evidence must be sent to the following email address no later than one month after the start of lectures for the winter semester or one month after the start of lectures for the summer semester (each date of receipt) studiengebuehren@zuv.uni-heidelberg.de When applying, please submit both of the required forms: the application form and its attachment. Application for Waiver of Tuition Fees Attachment to Application for Waiver of Tuition Fees Student Loan of the KfW Please note: in accordance with § 6, paragraph 2, item 1 of the State Higher Education Fees Act (Landeshochschulgebührengesetz - LHGebG), international students who are taking a leave of absence are not required to pay tuition fees. Students may submit applications for a leave of absence to the International Students Office by the relevant deadline. Information on Leave of Absence Further Information Heidelberg Life Why Heidelberg? International Studies Incoming - Studying in Heidelberg Funding of Studies Scholarships & Funding Offers Funding of Studies Student Loan Funding of Studies BAföG Deutsch Contact Footer Main menu University Research Study Transfer Newsroom Events Maps Information For Alumni Employees Doctoral Candidates Lecturers Press & Media Friends & Supporters Quick Links Institutions Faculties International Excellence Strategy Key Dates & Deadlines Course Overview Job Market Contact +49 6221 54-0 Heidelberg University Grabengasse 1 69117 Heidelberg Directions Footer Memberships Languages Diese Webseite auf Deutsch English Footer Legal Imprint Privacy Statement Accessibility Footer Social Media ©2026 Heidelberg University Footer Legal Imprint Privacy Statement Accessibility