Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press Jump to main content Jump to footer EN DE EN DE Skip navigation Plan your studies Higher education institutions Live and work Why Austria? Jump to navigation start Home / Plan your studies / Application and admission Application and admission © OeAD/Birgit Preiner Application You are ready to start your academic experience in Austria? You have to send your application and the necessary documents to the university, the university college of teacher education or the university of applied sciences (Fachhochschule/UAS). Most universities offer a registration of data via internet and will then send specific information to you via e-mail. University application forms can be downloaded from the universities' websites. Please note that the OeAD does not handle any study applications. This site only provides general guidelines on issues related to studying in Austria. For detailed information concerning your eligibility, the admission procedure or the application requirements, please contact the Admission Office of the institution you are applying for. Closing dates/deadlines and necessary requirements: At universities the closing dates for application for the winter semester are September 5 , and for the summer semester February 5 . As it may take longer to review foreign documents and process applications we recommend that you submit your application as early as possible so that you do not miss the start of the semester. Further information about differing admission periods and admission procedures (e.g. for study programmes with entrance examinations), the general and specific university entrance qualifications and the necessary documents can be found on the university of your choice's website. For many programmes proof of proficiency in German is necessary and should also be included in the application documents, if available (e.g. German examination within the school leaving examination, language course diplomas). Click here to find out more. Foreign documents (e.g. transcripts) have to be presented in the original (and in photocopy) and have to be legalised. If documents have been drawn up in languages other than German or English, legalised translations have to be added, translations done abroad also have to be legalised. Attention: In some degree programmes (e.g. Architecture, Biology, Business, Computer Science, Medicine, Dentistry, Psychology), universities may impose admission restrictions. This may involve either an entrance examination before admission or a selection process within the first two semesters after enrolment. For detailed information, please contact the respective universities directly. Universities of the arts, private universities, universities of applied sciences, university colleges of teacher education and UAS degree programmes have different application deadlines and often do not require proof of the general or specific university entrance qualification; instead, prospective students have to pass an entrance examination or produce proof of a relevant professional qualification. While the majority of the programmes at Austrian higher education institutions are taught in German but more and more study programmes are offered in English. The requirements for admission to Certificate University Programmes for Further Education differ from course to course and should be enquired at the respective institution. You can find out more about your chosen university's rules by checking their guidelines. For further information please consult the higher education institution of your choice. Admission Admission to Austrian higher education is organised by the educational institutions themselves. To be admitted to a higher education programme, you first need to contact the institution that offers the programme. They can inform you of exactly which admission requirements apply to the programme of your choice. Please visit the section on the Higher Education Institutions where you can find all relevant information and contact addresses. Universities You can find the application form for admission on the website of your Austrian university. Please complete it and send it to the Admissions Office - together with all necessary documents. Typically, the following documents are required for admission: For bachelor's programmes: Students with EU/EEA school leaving certificate: Proof of nationality (photocopy of your passport) A secondary school leaving certificate that entitles you to admission to university studies in your home country German language proficiency (secondary school leaving certificate confirming German lessons of at least 4 years or a German language diploma or similar documents) Students with non-EU/EEA school leaving certificate: Proof of nationality (photocopy of your passport) An equivalent secondary school leaving certificate German language proficiency (secondary school leaving certificate confirming German lessons of at least 4 years or a German language diploma or similar documents) For master's programmes: Successful completion of at least a 6 semester specialised relevant Bachelor's degree (min 180 ECTS) For PhD programmes: Master's degree in the same field of study as your research proposal or equivalent Attention: Programmes with entrance examinations (e.g. medical universities, universities of the arts, UAS degree programmes): Please enquire in good time about application deadlines, special requirements and dates for the entrance examinations (closing date for application for entrance examinations can be up to 6 months before the beginning of the semester)! Universities of Applied Sciences For most of the study programmes at the Universities of Applied Sciences, you have to apply online. The prerequisite for the admission for a bachelor's programme is as follows The general university entrance qualification (an equivalent secondary school leaving certificate) or relevant professional qualification. Some Fachhochschule degree programmes also require proof of sufficient knowledge of the German language. Moreover, all applicants have to undergo an entrance procedure. This differs from one degree programme to the next. Usually you have to submit written documents, pass written or oral tests and take part in an interview. For master's programmes: Successful completion of at least a 6 semester specialised relevant Bachelor's degree (min 180 ECTS) University Colleges of Teacher Education You have to register online for most of the study programmes at the university colleges of teacher education. All relevant information about the admission process can be found on the website of the institution. Please note that you need to have a sufficient knowledge of the German language. Upon arrival in Austria you will need to enrol and register for your courses. This often involves visiting administrative offices in person. Please consult the respective website for detailed information.der jeweiligen Website über die genauen Informationen. Contact us For further questions regarding studying in Austria : Contact form If you have any questions regarding entry and residence , please read this information . For questions regarding the recognition of higher education qualifications for professional purposes please contact Enic - Naric . Publications Study Guide (Opens in new window) PDF · 4 MB Higher Education Institutions (Opens in new window) PDF · 25 MB Study in Austria Folder (Opens in new window) PDF · 1 MB The OeAD, Austria's Agency for education and internationalisation, is a non-profit limited liability company owned by the Republic of Austria. The ownership rights are exercised by the Austrian Federal Ministry of Women, Science and Research. The OeAD's programmes and activities are financed primarily by the BMFWF, BMB, BKA, BMWKMS, the ADA, and the European Commission. Study in Austria Stay connected Quick links Facebook (Opens in new window) Follow us! Instagram (Opens in new window) Follow us! Meet us Get to know us! About us Find out who we are! Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Higher education institutions Universities Private Universities University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Imprint Privacy policy Accessibility Statement Reporting channels and whistleblower system Safeguarding Policy Sitemap Plan your studies Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Learning German Preparation courses Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Часті запитання FAQ Higher education institutions Higher education institutions Universities Universities University of Vienna Medical University of Vienna TU Wien BOKU (University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences) University of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna WU (Vienna University of Economics and Business) University of Applied Arts Vienna MDW (University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna) Academy of Fine Arts Vienna University of Klagenfurt University for Continuing Education Krems University of Salzburg Mozarteum University University of Graz Graz University of Technology IT:U Interdisciplinary Transformation University Austria Medical University of Graz University of Music and Performing Arts Graz (KUG) Technical University of Leoben University of Innsbruck Medical University of Innsbruck Johannes Kepler University Linz (JKU) University of Arts Linz Private Universities Private Universities Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna Modul University Vienna Sigmund Freud University Webster Vienna Private University Central European University (CEU) Jam Music Lab Private University for Jazz and Popular Music Vienna Karl Landsteiner University of Health Sciences (KL) Danube Private University (DPU) New Design University (NDU) Bertha von Suttner Privatuniversität St. Pölten Paracelsus Medical University (PMU) Seeburg Castle University UMIT TIROL - Private University for Health Sciences, Medical Informatics and Technology Catholic Private University Linz Anton Bruckner Private University Gustav Mahler Private University for Music Stella Vorarlberg Private University College for Music University of Sustainability - Charlotte Fresenius Privatuniversität Joseph Haydn Private University University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences FHWien der WKW UAS Technikum Wien University of Applied Sciences for Business & Society BFI Vienna Hochschule Campus Wien - University of Applied Sciences Lauder Business School University of Applied Sciences Burgenland Carinthia University of Applied Sciences IMC Krems University of Applied Sciences USTP - University of Applied Sciences St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt University of Applied Military Sciences Salzburg University of Applied Sciences FH JOANNEUM - University of Applied Sciences Campus 02 University of Applied Sciences MCI | The Entrepreneurial School® Health University of Applied Sciences Tyrol Kufstein University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences for Health Professions Upper Austria University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria FHV - Vorarlberg University of Applied Sciences FERNFH Distance-Learning University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education University Colleges of Teacher Education University College of Teacher Education Vienna University College of Agricultural and Environmental Education KPH Vienna/Lower Austria University College of Teacher Education Burgenland University of Teacher Education Carinthia University College of Teacher Education Lower Austria University of Education Salzburg Stefan Zweig University College of Teacher Education Styria Private University College of Teacher Education Augustinum University College of Teacher Education Tyrol KPH Edith Stein University of Education Upper Austria Private University of Education, Diocese of Linz University College of Teacher Education Vorarlberg Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Institute of Science and Technology Austria Diplomatische Akademie Wien - Vienna School of International Studies Live and work Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press YouTube is deactivated We need your consent to use YouTube videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate YouTube Vimeo is deactivated We need your consent to use Vimeo videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Vimeo OpenStreetMap is deactivated We need your consent to use OpenStreetMap. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate OpenStreetMap Issuu is deactivated We need your consent to use Issuu. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Issuu privacy_overlay.arcgis.title privacy_overlay.arcgis.description privacy_overlay.arcgis.activate privacy_overlay.peertube.title privacy_overlay.peertube.description privacy_overlay.peertube.activate x