Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press Jump to main content Jump to footer EN DE EN DE Skip navigation Plan your studies Higher education institutions Live and work Why Austria? Jump to navigation start Home / Plan your studies / Scholarships & funding Scholarships and funding You are about to start your academic journey? Let's not forget about finances! Despite Austria's affordable tuition fees the daily living costs are a crucial aspect of the overall picture. Therefore it is imperative that you are adequately equipped to enjoy every bit of Austria. While there are only a few full-degree scholarships for bachelor's, master's or PhD programmes don't be discouraged. Scholarships opportunities include the following: Scholarships offered by a wide variety of institutions can be found at grants.at , Austria's most comprehensive database for scholarships and research grants. Search by criteria such as country of origin, destination country, type of funding, target group and field of study. Please note that most of the scholarships listed on grants.at are not administered by the OeAD. For information please contact the funding provider indicated. OeAD scholarship programmes for undergraduates, graduates, postgraduates, doctoral Students and researchers Institutional scholarships offered by the higher education institutions themselves : Some Austrian higher education institutions may offer a small number of scholarships or grants to international students and researchers, although these kinds of options are relatively rare. You can either check our database grants.at or check the possibility of any such financial aid directly with the institution you are interested in. FAQ on Scholarships General questions on applying for a scholarship How and when can I apply for an OeAD scholarship? It depends on the scholarship programme. First, you should search our database - www.grants.at - where you can find an overview of possible scholarship programmes for international students wishing to study in Austria. You will find all relevant information concerning the application process, e.g. the application deadline and all information on the documents to be submitted. You will have to submit the application online and a selection committee will check your application. Is it only the OeAD that funds foreign students in Austria? If not, what are some of the other donors? The OeAD is the most important provider of scholarships, but there are also other institutions offering support. You can find an overview of possible scholarship programmes in our database grants.at . Further, check local institutions in your home country, as some of them also offer scholarships for study and research stays in Austria. Is there an age limit for an OeAD scholarship? It depends on the scholarship programme. Please bear in mind that there are different scholarship programmes offered by the OeAD and other institutions. You should always check the requirements of the specific programme you are applying for. What is included in the scholarship? Are accommodation and health insurance included? Most OeAD scholarships include a monthly scholarship (depends on the target group). If necessary, accident and health insurance will be taken out on behalf of the grant recipient. The costs for insurance and accommodation have to be paid out of the grant by the recipient of the grant. The OeAD also tries to provide accommodation (student hall of residence or flat) for recipients of grants who wish to have accommodation arranged by the OeAD. Monthly costs: 220 to 550 EUR (depending on how much comfort the recipients of grants want). An administration fee of 18 EUR per month is payable to the OeAD for arranging accommodation. Are there any special scholarships for people from certain countries? It depends on the scholarship programme. You may choose your home country and study field in our database grants.at to see which scholarship programmes are offered for students from your specific country. Scholarships for undergraduate & graduate students I want to do a master's in Austria. Are there any scholarships I can apply for? We - the OeAD - do not offer any scholarships for a whole degree programme (bachelor's, master's or PhD) here in Austria. You can search our database grants.at for other funding possibilities. However, there are hardly any scholarships for a whole degree programme here in Austria. One possibility would be to apply for an Erasmus Mundus Joint Master's Degree . Applicants with all nationalities can apply for scholarships - there is no geographical restriction. When should I start applying for a scholarship? After I receive admission notification or after I come to the university and register? The deadline for applying depends on the individual scholarship programme. In some cases, you can apply without yet having formal admission to the Austrian university. In other cases, admission is one of the requirements. Please always check the scholarship announcements. You should inform yourself as soon as possible about the different scholarship opportunities in your country to make sure that you will have enough time to complete your application successfully before the deadline. I am already studying in Austria, but without a scholarship. I want to know if l can still apply for a scholarship once l have started with my studies in Austria? After you have started with your studies in Austria, you cannot apply for an OeAD scholarship. However, you can search in our database grants.a t for other possible funding opportunities. Scholarships for doctoral candidates I want to study for a PhD in Austria, is there a scholarship I can apply for? We - the OeAD - do not offer any scholarships for a whole doctoral/PhD programme in Austria. You can search our database www.grants.at for other funding possibilities. However, there are hardly any scholarships for a whole degree programme here in Austria. Postgraduates pursuing a doctoral/PhD programme anywhere outside Austria wishing to perform research in Austria are eligible for the Ernst Mach Grant - worldwide . You can find further funding options for research stays in Austria on www.grants.at. I'm looking for a PhD position in Austria. Where can I find out more about open job vacancies for researchers? You can find job vacancies and fellowships in Euraxess Jobs . Euraxess - Researchers in Motion is a European initiative providing access to a wide range of information and support services for researchers wishing to pursue research careers in Europe. You find particular information about Austria on www.euraxess.at . Euraxess Service Centres help you and your family to plan and organise your move to Austria and provide assistance in all matters related to mobility. All services of the Euraxess Network are free of charge. Contact us For further questions regarding studying in Austria : Contact form If you have any questions regarding entry and residence , please read this information . For questions regarding the recognition of higher education qualifications for professional purposes please contact Enic - Naric . Publications Study Guide (Opens in new window) PDF · 4 MB Higher Education Institutions (Opens in new window) PDF · 25 MB Study in Austria Folder (Opens in new window) PDF · 1 MB Quicklinks grants.at OeAD-Stipendienprogramme euraxess.at © OeAD Visit the oead.map to see the projects funded by the OeAD and to connect with OeAD Alumni. The OeAD, Austria's Agency for education and internationalisation, is a non-profit limited liability company owned by the Republic of Austria. The ownership rights are exercised by the Austrian Federal Ministry of Women, Science and Research. The OeAD's programmes and activities are financed primarily by the BMFWF, BMB, BKA, BMWKMS, the ADA, and the European Commission. Study in Austria Stay connected Quick links Facebook (Opens in new window) Follow us! Instagram (Opens in new window) Follow us! Meet us Get to know us! About us Find out who we are! Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Higher education institutions Universities Private Universities University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Imprint Privacy policy Accessibility Statement Reporting channels and whistleblower system Safeguarding Policy Sitemap Plan your studies Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Learning German Preparation courses Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Часті запитання FAQ Higher education institutions Higher education institutions Universities Universities University of Vienna Medical University of Vienna TU Wien BOKU (University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences) University of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna WU (Vienna University of Economics and Business) University of Applied Arts Vienna MDW (University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna) Academy of Fine Arts Vienna University of Klagenfurt University for Continuing Education Krems University of Salzburg Mozarteum University University of Graz Graz University of Technology IT:U Interdisciplinary Transformation University Austria Medical University of Graz University of Music and Performing Arts Graz (KUG) Technical University of Leoben University of Innsbruck Medical University of Innsbruck Johannes Kepler University Linz (JKU) University of Arts Linz Private Universities Private Universities Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna Modul University Vienna Sigmund Freud University Webster Vienna Private University Central European University (CEU) Jam Music Lab Private University for Jazz and Popular Music Vienna Karl Landsteiner University of Health Sciences (KL) Danube Private University (DPU) New Design University (NDU) Bertha von Suttner Privatuniversität St. Pölten Paracelsus Medical University (PMU) Seeburg Castle University UMIT TIROL - Private University for Health Sciences, Medical Informatics and Technology Catholic Private University Linz Anton Bruckner Private University Gustav Mahler Private University for Music Stella Vorarlberg Private University College for Music University of Sustainability - Charlotte Fresenius Privatuniversität Joseph Haydn Private University University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences FHWien der WKW UAS Technikum Wien University of Applied Sciences for Business & Society BFI Vienna Hochschule Campus Wien - University of Applied Sciences Lauder Business School University of Applied Sciences Burgenland Carinthia University of Applied Sciences IMC Krems University of Applied Sciences USTP - University of Applied Sciences St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt University of Applied Military Sciences Salzburg University of Applied Sciences FH JOANNEUM - University of Applied Sciences Campus 02 University of Applied Sciences MCI | The Entrepreneurial School® Health University of Applied Sciences Tyrol Kufstein University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences for Health Professions Upper Austria University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria FHV - Vorarlberg University of Applied Sciences FERNFH Distance-Learning University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education University Colleges of Teacher Education University College of Teacher Education Vienna University College of Agricultural and Environmental Education KPH Vienna/Lower Austria University College of Teacher Education Burgenland University of Teacher Education Carinthia University College of Teacher Education Lower Austria University of Education Salzburg Stefan Zweig University College of Teacher Education Styria Private University College of Teacher Education Augustinum University College of Teacher Education Tyrol KPH Edith Stein University of Education Upper Austria Private University of Education, Diocese of Linz University College of Teacher Education Vorarlberg Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Institute of Science and Technology Austria Diplomatische Akademie Wien - Vienna School of International Studies Live and work Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press YouTube is deactivated We need your consent to use YouTube videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate YouTube Vimeo is deactivated We need your consent to use Vimeo videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Vimeo OpenStreetMap is deactivated We need your consent to use OpenStreetMap. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate OpenStreetMap Issuu is deactivated We need your consent to use Issuu. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Issuu privacy_overlay.arcgis.title privacy_overlay.arcgis.description privacy_overlay.arcgis.activate privacy_overlay.peertube.title privacy_overlay.peertube.description privacy_overlay.peertube.activate x