Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press Jump to main content Jump to footer EN DE EN DE Skip navigation Plan your studies Higher education institutions Live and work Why Austria? Jump to navigation start Home / Plan your studies / Tuition fees Tuition fees © OeAD/Birgit Preiner Universities For Austrian students and students who have the same status as Austrians (i.e. nationals of all EU and EEA member countries ) and who have not exceeded the minimum duration of their study programme plus two semesters, no fee is payable. After the two semesters of tolerance, you have to pay 363.36 euros each semester. For all other students from third countries (who are in possession of a Residence Permit-Student ) 751.92 euros per semester is generally required. The student union membership fee "ÖH-Beitrag" and the student accident insurance fee is 25,20 euros per semester and is compulsory for all students. An exemption from paying tuition fees or a full/partial refund of the tuition fees is possible in special cases (e.g. for holders of certain scholarships, for participants in exchange programmes and university partnerships, for students from certain countries). Further information is available at the website of the university directly. University of Applied Sciences The Universities of Applied Sciences are entitled to charge tuition fees. For more details, please contact the institution of your choice directly. Private Universites and University Colleges of Teacher Education Tuition fees differ from one institution to the next. Please contact the institution directly. Other higher education institutions In the case of certificate university programmes for further education (Universitätslehrgänge) at private universities and university colleges of teacher education the tuition fees differ from one institution to the other and therefore you should enquire about them at the individual institutions. Contact us For further questions regarding studying in Austria : Contact form If you have any questions regarding entry and residence , please read this information . For questions regarding the recognition of higher education qualifications for professional purposes please contact Enic - Naric . Publications Study Guide (Opens in new window) PDF · 4 MB Higher Education Institutions (Opens in new window) PDF · 25 MB Study in Austria Folder (Opens in new window) PDF · 1 MB The OeAD, Austria's Agency for education and internationalisation, is a non-profit limited liability company owned by the Republic of Austria. The ownership rights are exercised by the Austrian Federal Ministry of Women, Science and Research. The OeAD's programmes and activities are financed primarily by the BMFWF, BMB, BKA, BMWKMS, the ADA, and the European Commission. Study in Austria Stay connected Quick links Facebook (Opens in new window) Follow us! Instagram (Opens in new window) Follow us! Meet us Get to know us! About us Find out who we are! Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Higher education institutions Universities Private Universities University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Imprint Privacy policy Accessibility Statement Reporting channels and whistleblower system Safeguarding Policy Sitemap Plan your studies Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Learning German Preparation courses Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Часті запитання FAQ Higher education institutions Higher education institutions Universities Universities University of Vienna Medical University of Vienna TU Wien BOKU (University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences) University of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna WU (Vienna University of Economics and Business) University of Applied Arts Vienna MDW (University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna) Academy of Fine Arts Vienna University of Klagenfurt University for Continuing Education Krems University of Salzburg Mozarteum University University of Graz Graz University of Technology IT:U Interdisciplinary Transformation University Austria Medical University of Graz University of Music and Performing Arts Graz (KUG) Technical University of Leoben University of Innsbruck Medical University of Innsbruck Johannes Kepler University Linz (JKU) University of Arts Linz Private Universities Private Universities Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna Modul University Vienna Sigmund Freud University Webster Vienna Private University Central European University (CEU) Jam Music Lab Private University for Jazz and Popular Music Vienna Karl Landsteiner University of Health Sciences (KL) Danube Private University (DPU) New Design University (NDU) Bertha von Suttner Privatuniversität St. Pölten Paracelsus Medical University (PMU) Seeburg Castle University UMIT TIROL - Private University for Health Sciences, Medical Informatics and Technology Catholic Private University Linz Anton Bruckner Private University Gustav Mahler Private University for Music Stella Vorarlberg Private University College for Music University of Sustainability - Charlotte Fresenius Privatuniversität Joseph Haydn Private University University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences FHWien der WKW UAS Technikum Wien University of Applied Sciences for Business & Society BFI Vienna Hochschule Campus Wien - University of Applied Sciences Lauder Business School University of Applied Sciences Burgenland Carinthia University of Applied Sciences IMC Krems University of Applied Sciences USTP - University of Applied Sciences St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt University of Applied Military Sciences Salzburg University of Applied Sciences FH JOANNEUM - University of Applied Sciences Campus 02 University of Applied Sciences MCI | The Entrepreneurial School® Health University of Applied Sciences Tyrol Kufstein University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences for Health Professions Upper Austria University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria FHV - Vorarlberg University of Applied Sciences FERNFH Distance-Learning University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education University Colleges of Teacher Education University College of Teacher Education Vienna University College of Agricultural and Environmental Education KPH Vienna/Lower Austria University College of Teacher Education Burgenland University of Teacher Education Carinthia University College of Teacher Education Lower Austria University of Education Salzburg Stefan Zweig University College of Teacher Education Styria Private University College of Teacher Education Augustinum University College of Teacher Education Tyrol KPH Edith Stein University of Education Upper Austria Private University of Education, Diocese of Linz University College of Teacher Education Vorarlberg Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Institute of Science and Technology Austria Diplomatische Akademie Wien - Vienna School of International Studies Live and work Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press YouTube is deactivated We need your consent to use YouTube videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate YouTube Vimeo is deactivated We need your consent to use Vimeo videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Vimeo OpenStreetMap is deactivated We need your consent to use OpenStreetMap. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate OpenStreetMap Issuu is deactivated We need your consent to use Issuu. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Issuu privacy_overlay.arcgis.title privacy_overlay.arcgis.description privacy_overlay.arcgis.activate privacy_overlay.peertube.title privacy_overlay.peertube.description privacy_overlay.peertube.activate x