Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press Jump to main content Jump to footer EN DE EN DE Skip navigation Plan your studies Higher education institutions Live and work Why Austria? Jump to navigation start Home / Live and work / Living costs Living costs How much money will I need? In the following listing you will find an estimate of the monthly living costs for students (in euros). These figures only serve as a guideline and cannot be seen as binding. Under accommodation costs, a place in a student hall of residence has been used as the basis of calculation. Accommodation approx. 450-700 euros The costs depend on the city in which you want to study, what is included in the rent and the arrangements made by the institution. Housing in Vienna, for example, is more expensive than in smaller towns. You can find more information about housing in our section on accommodation. Food (excluding luxuries and tobacco) approx. 300 euros Fortunately, Austria has many discount supermarkets, which offer food at reasonable prices. Many universities have so called self-service student cafeterias (Mensa) where you can get a good meal at a good price. But the cheapest way to eat is to do your own cooking. Some average prices: a cup of coffee/tea in a café: 3,50 euros, a sandwich at a bakery: 4.50 euros, a dinner in a typical student restaurant: 12 euros. Studies and personal requirements (mobility, culture, recreation): approx. 500 euros A metro or bus ticket cost around 3.20 euros for a single fare in the city, a cinema ticket cost approximately 10 euros and a ticket for a museum about 14 euros. However, students are eligible for a number of price concessions. Public transportation authorities and many museums, cinemas, theatres and other cultural venues give student discounts when you show your student card. Total per month approx. 1,300 Euros The average monthly living expenses for a student in Austria are approximately 1,300 euros. This may vary a bit, depending on your study location - for example, accommodation and other living costs may be higher in Vienna and other larger cities than for example in Wr. Neustadt. And, of course, the amount of money you will need greatly depends on how economically you live. Therefore, it is difficult to say exactly how much money a student in Austria needs per month. Source: STATISTIK AUSTRIA, Studierenden-Sozialerhebung 2025 (IHS, 2026) Contact us For further questions regarding studying in Austria : Contact form If you have any questions regarding entry and residence , please read this information . For questions regarding the recognition of higher education qualifications for professional purposes please contact Enic - Naric . Publications Study Guide (Opens in new window) PDF · 4 MB Higher Education Institutions (Opens in new window) PDF · 25 MB Study in Austria Folder (Opens in new window) PDF · 1 MB The OeAD, Austria's Agency for education and internationalisation, is a non-profit limited liability company owned by the Republic of Austria. The ownership rights are exercised by the Austrian Federal Ministry of Women, Science and Research. The OeAD's programmes and activities are financed primarily by the BMFWF, BMB, BKA, BMWKMS, the ADA, and the European Commission. Study in Austria Stay connected Quick links Facebook (Opens in new window) Follow us! Instagram (Opens in new window) Follow us! Meet us Get to know us! About us Find out who we are! Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Higher education institutions Universities Private Universities University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Imprint Privacy policy Accessibility Statement Reporting channels and whistleblower system Safeguarding Policy Sitemap Plan your studies Plan your studies Find your programme Study programmes in English Application and admission Tuition fees Scholarships & funding Learning German Learning German Preparation courses Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Information for Students and Researchers from Ukraine Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Інформація для студентів та дослідників з України Часті запитання FAQ Higher education institutions Higher education institutions Universities Universities University of Vienna Medical University of Vienna TU Wien BOKU (University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences) University of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna WU (Vienna University of Economics and Business) University of Applied Arts Vienna MDW (University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna) Academy of Fine Arts Vienna University of Klagenfurt University for Continuing Education Krems University of Salzburg Mozarteum University University of Graz Graz University of Technology IT:U Interdisciplinary Transformation University Austria Medical University of Graz University of Music and Performing Arts Graz (KUG) Technical University of Leoben University of Innsbruck Medical University of Innsbruck Johannes Kepler University Linz (JKU) University of Arts Linz Private Universities Private Universities Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna Modul University Vienna Sigmund Freud University Webster Vienna Private University Central European University (CEU) Jam Music Lab Private University for Jazz and Popular Music Vienna Karl Landsteiner University of Health Sciences (KL) Danube Private University (DPU) New Design University (NDU) Bertha von Suttner Privatuniversität St. Pölten Paracelsus Medical University (PMU) Seeburg Castle University UMIT TIROL - Private University for Health Sciences, Medical Informatics and Technology Catholic Private University Linz Anton Bruckner Private University Gustav Mahler Private University for Music Stella Vorarlberg Private University College for Music University of Sustainability - Charlotte Fresenius Privatuniversität Joseph Haydn Private University University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences FHWien der WKW UAS Technikum Wien University of Applied Sciences for Business & Society BFI Vienna Hochschule Campus Wien - University of Applied Sciences Lauder Business School University of Applied Sciences Burgenland Carinthia University of Applied Sciences IMC Krems University of Applied Sciences USTP - University of Applied Sciences St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt University of Applied Military Sciences Salzburg University of Applied Sciences FH JOANNEUM - University of Applied Sciences Campus 02 University of Applied Sciences MCI | The Entrepreneurial School® Health University of Applied Sciences Tyrol Kufstein University of Applied Sciences University of Applied Sciences for Health Professions Upper Austria University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria FHV - Vorarlberg University of Applied Sciences FERNFH Distance-Learning University of Applied Sciences University Colleges of Teacher Education University Colleges of Teacher Education University College of Teacher Education Vienna University College of Agricultural and Environmental Education KPH Vienna/Lower Austria University College of Teacher Education Burgenland University of Teacher Education Carinthia University College of Teacher Education Lower Austria University of Education Salzburg Stefan Zweig University College of Teacher Education Styria Private University College of Teacher Education Augustinum University College of Teacher Education Tyrol KPH Edith Stein University of Education Upper Austria Private University of Education, Diocese of Linz University College of Teacher Education Vorarlberg Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Other Institutions of Post-Secondary Education Institute of Science and Technology Austria Diplomatische Akademie Wien - Vienna School of International Studies Live and work Live and work Entry and Visa Stay Living costs Work Accomodation Daily life Why Austria? Publications Contact (Opens in new window) Events Press YouTube is deactivated We need your consent to use YouTube videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate YouTube Vimeo is deactivated We need your consent to use Vimeo videos. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Vimeo OpenStreetMap is deactivated We need your consent to use OpenStreetMap. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate OpenStreetMap Issuu is deactivated We need your consent to use Issuu. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Activate Issuu privacy_overlay.arcgis.title privacy_overlay.arcgis.description privacy_overlay.arcgis.activate privacy_overlay.peertube.title privacy_overlay.peertube.description privacy_overlay.peertube.activate x