Jump to content Cookie Consent To improve the website, the DAAD and third parties set cookies and process usage data . In doing so, the DAAD and third parties transfer usage data to third countries in which there is no level of data protection comparable to that under EU law. By clicking the "Accept all" button, you consent to this processing. You can also find selection options and explanations of these cookies and processing at the end of this page under "Cookies". There you can withdraw consent at any time with effect for the future. Settings Reject Accept Imprint Privacy Policy Deutsch English Contact Colour switch Search Search term * Search Colour switch Search Search term * Search Study & research in Germany Study, research & teach abroad Info & Services for Higher Education Institutions The DAAD Study & research in Germany Study, research & teach abroad Info & Services for Higher Education Institutions The DAAD Contact Homepage Study and Research in Germany Living in Germany Finances Costs of education and living Germany is not particularly expensive compared to other European countries. But if you want to successfully study abroad, you will have to correctly estimate the costs and ensure that you can cover them. This page will tell you what education and living costs to expect: Financial security and tuition fees Proof of financial resources If you come to Germany from outside the EU or the European Economic Area (EEA), you will be required to present proof of financial resources already when you apply for a study visa . This serves as a guarantee that you can afford the cost of studying in Germany. Currently (as of 1 January 2025), you must prove that you have 992 euros per month at your disposal. As different amounts have to be proven depending on the purpose of your stay, we recommend that you research the website of the relevant diplomatic mission abroad or in the Consular Services Portal. Acceptable forms of proof include proof of parental income , an allocated amount on a blocked account (" Sperrkonto "), or proof of receipt of a recognised scholarship . For further information please contact the German Embassy or Consulate in your country. BLOCKED ACCOUNTS Many international students use a blocked account to fund their studies in Germany. The money you transfer to a blocked account cannot be accessed until you enter the country. It is important to request the necessary documents early on. The completed forms, together with a copy of your passport, must be certified by a German diplomatic mission in your home country before submitting them to the bank of your choice. Banks charge a fee of between 70 and 150 EUR to set up a blocked account. Once you have arrived in Germany, you will be issued with an EC or debit card which you can then use to access the money. The account may only permit the withdrawal of a certain amount per month, unless more than the prescribed minimum amount has been paid in. For more information please visit the website of the Federal Foreign Office . Tuition fees The majority of higher education institutions in Germany are financed by the state. There are generally no fees for Bachelor's courses or most Master's courses at state higher education institutions. Tuition fees may have to be paid for certain continuing education Master's programmes, but they are not particularly high compared to other countries. Private higher education institutions may demand more substantial fees for their degree programmes. The Federal State of Baden-Württemberg charges non-EU citizens tuition fees of EUR 1,500 per semester for (Bachelor's, Master's, Diplom and state examination ) degree programmes. These fees do not apply to doctoral students . Tuition fees for international students from outside the EU/EEA may also apply in Bavaria. These can amount to several thousand euros per semester, depending on the degree being sought. The Bavarian higher education institutions themselves decide whether they charge these fees and how high the amount is. You should therefore research this individually for your desired degree programme. Semester contribution In Germany, all students at all higher education institutions must pay a semester contribution . This payment has nothing to do with tuition fees; rather, it covers your contributions to student services and the student government (AStA) . At many higher education institutions, it also includes a semester ticket for local public transport, or you can purchase a discounted ticket. Depending on where you study, this may be valid for the city, the region or even for all of Germany. The semester contribution varies between higher education institutions and comes to between 70 and 430 EUR. It has to be paid when you enroll and before the start of every new semester. Whether you incur further costs relating to your studies, for example for materials such as specialist books and copies, depends on your subject. Breakdown of a semester contribution Example: University of Cologne, 2024/25 winter semester Semester ticket : EUR 176,40 Student welfare contribution for student service : EUR 110,00 Student government (AStA) : EUR 11,00 Student sports: EUR 1,75 Faculties/departmental student organisations: EUR 2,60 Administrative fee: EUR 2,50 Total: EUR 304,25 Living costs The expenses that arise in the course of leading a normal life, i.e. for accommodation, food, clothing and recreational activities, are called living costs . They are slightly above average in Germany compared to other European countries, that is to say they are significantly lower than in countries like Denmark, Luxembourg or Switzerland, but rather high compared to countries like Poland, the Czech Republic or Italy. Depending on where in Germany you wish to study, you will need between 900 and 1,200 Euros per month. The main part of this is going to be the rent , which varies a lot depending on where you live. Furthermore, this also includes travel expenses, expenditures for food, clothing, learning materials, health insurance , telephone, Internet, radio and TV licence fees, and recreational activities. On top of these, the semester contribution varies between higher education institutions, roughly between 70 and 430 Euros per semester. According to the latest social survey from 2023, students have expenses totalling an average of 876 euros per month. Anyone applying for a visa to study in Germany, on the other hand, must prove that they have 992 euros available per month. TIP: There are a number of discounts for students. If you can show valid student ID , you will often pay less for tickets to the theatre, museums, opera houses, cinemas and other cultural institutions. If you are more of the sporty type, you should take a look at the sports programmes at your higher education institution: Some offers are free of charge for students. For some courses, a participation fee must be paid, but this is usually very reasonable. As energy costs are quite high at the moment, we have put together some tips on how to save energy in the home: Helpful tips for saving energy Average expenses of a German student Rent (including utility costs): EUR 410 Food: EUR 198 Health insurance, doctor's fees, medications: EUR 100 Transportation costs (car/public transport): EUR 89 Tuition fees: EUR 76 Recreation, culture and sports: EUR 65 Clothing: EUR 46 Semester contribution: EUR 36 Working materials (books etc.): EUR 31 Telephone/Internet/radio and TV licence, postage: EUR 32 Other expenses: EUR 144 Source: German Centre for Higher Education Research and Science Studies (DZHW): 22nd Social Survey, 2023 Financing options Once you are aware of the cost of studying in Germany, you can start thinking about how to fund your degree. International students do not have unlimited permission to work in Germany. A side job can increase your budget, but it's very hard to fund your entire living costs this way. It is therefore a good idea to apply for a scholarship . Many institutions, for example the DAAD, party-related foundations, and business-affiliated organisations offer support for international students. Everything you need to know about financial support for your studies can be found here . Universities & Programmes Scholarships & Funding Requirements & Enrolment Living in Germany Visa Finances The German language Renting a Room Accommodation Finder Health Insurance Safety Registering Work & Career PhD Studies & Research Advisory Service Alumni Address Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst e.V. Kennedyallee 50 53175 Bonn Germany All addresses in the DAAD Network DAAD Newsletters Receive regular up-to-date information about our work and organisation. Newsletter - DAAD Useful Links Find Scholarships DAAD offices worldwide Strategy 2030 Press Imprint Data Privacy Statement Cookies Declaration on accessibility Report accessibility issue