Jump to content Cookie Consent To improve the website, the DAAD and third parties set cookies and process usage data . In doing so, the DAAD and third parties transfer usage data to third countries in which there is no level of data protection comparable to that under EU law. By clicking the "Accept all" button, you consent to this processing. You can also find selection options and explanations of these cookies and processing at the end of this page under "Cookies". There you can withdraw consent at any time with effect for the future. Settings Reject Accept Imprint Privacy Policy Deutsch English Contact Colour switch Search Search term * Search Colour switch Search Search term * Search Study & research in Germany Study, research & teach abroad Info & Services for Higher Education Institutions The DAAD Study & research in Germany Study, research & teach abroad Info & Services for Higher Education Institutions The DAAD Contact Homepage Study and Research in Germany Requirements & Enrolment Studienkollegs Studienkollegs (preparatory courses) in Germany - Well prepared for university studies Studying in Germany with a foreign university entrance qualification is sometimes not possible without further preparation. Studienkollegs can help with this, offering preparatory courses that give students general, specialised and linguistic competencies that are necessary for successful studies at a German university. Who must attend a Studienkolleg? Not all foreign school-leaving certificates are recognised as university entrance qualifications (in German: Hochschulzugangsberechtigung, HZB) for studies in Germany, as the education systems are too different for this. Without the HZB, it is not possible to enter directly into the German university system. Information regarding the country-specific evaluation of foreign school-leaving certificates and degrees can be found on the DAAD admission database (based on the "anabin" database of the Central Office for Foreign Education [Zentralstelle für ausländisches Bildungswesen, ZAB]). If your school-leaving certificate does not entitle you to directly start studying in Germany, you can apply for a place at a Studienkolleg that has a final assessment test, the so-called Feststellungsprüfung (FSP) . What should I pay attention to when choosing a Studienkolleg? Studienkollegs vary in the subject focus of the courses that are offered and the type of higher education institution for which they prepare students - so it is important to carefully choose the right Studienkolleg. When choosing a Studienkolleg, it is advisable to enquire about the options available after graduating, even before applying at the relevant Studienkolleg. This is because some Studienkollegs only prepare students for a degree programme at a university or at a university of applied sciences, while some Studienkollegs offer both options. Usually, it is possible to study anywhere in Germany after successfully completing the Studienkolleg, but in some cases the Studienkolleg is tied to certain geographical regions or specific higher education institutions. In addition, the subject that will be studied is a deciding factor. Although all Studienkollegs teach general competencies and language skills that are necessary for successful studies in Germany, they have different foci: For studies at universities M courses - for medical, biological or pharmaceutical courses of study W courses - for business and economics programmes and social science courses of study G courses - for the humanities or German studies programmes T courses - for mathematical-scientific or technical courses of study S courses - for language programmes For studies at a university of applied sciences TI courses - for technical and engineering courses of study WW courses - for economics programmes GD courses - for creative and artistic programmes SW courses - for social science courses of study At the end of a Studienkolleg programme, there is an assessment test, the so-called "Feststellungsprüfung". Successfully passing the assessment test allows access to studies throughout Germany at all universities or universities of applied sciences. Public or private Studienkollegs Further Information Learn about possible Studienkollegs and the criteria for your application from the respective higher education institutions. You can find an incomplete list of public Studienkollegs here . It is also important to differentiate between public and private Studienkollegs. Public Studienkollegs guarantee a state-recognised assessment test. However, there are only a few private Studienkollegs that can offer a state-recognised qualification. Therefore, applicants should inform themselves in advance. It is also possible to prepare for the assessment test at a private Studienkolleg and then take the assessment test externally. The external assessment test will be recognised at all German higher education institutions, and it will qualify the applicant to apply for a study place according to his or her focus and type of university. Further Information Prospective students can also prepare for the assessment test on their own without a Studienkolleg and then take the test externally. The number of examination spaces for students who take the test externally is often limited for capacity reasons. How can you apply for a place at a Studienkolleg? It is sometimes not possible for applicants to directly apply for a place at many public Studienkollegs. Depending on the degree programme or higher education institution of your choice, you can apply directly to the institution or via uni-assis t. On the other hand, direct application is often possible at private Studienkollegs. It is worthwhile to carefully check which Studienkolleg is best for you, because if the higher education institution of your choice has its own Studienkolleg or cooperates closely with a private Studienkolleg, the processes and schedules will be coordinated. In some cases, Studienkollegs also guarantee a place in individual degree programmes at certain universities after a successfully completed FSP. Because of this, it is important to check with the higher education institution of your choice to find out if the FSP of the Studienkolleg you want to attend will be accepted in order to avoid any potential problems. How much does preparation at a Studienkolleg cost? In general, public Studienkollegs offer programmes that are free of charge (except for the semester fee ), whereas private Studienkollegs frequently charge fees. As enrolled students, participants at the Studienkollegs can benefit from student perks such as inexpensive meals in the cafeterias, the opportunity to participate in sports programmes or free use of the university library as well as public transportation in some cities. How long does preparation at a Studienkolleg take? Usually, preparation at a Studienkolleg takes two semesters . Students who perform very well may be able to shorten this time to one semester. Prospective students are taught all the linguistic, technical and methodological requirements that are needed for a course of study. In addition to the focus on course content, cultural and social skills are taught in order to make it easier for students to start their studies in Germany. Most Studienkollegs offer courses in the German language. Studienkollegs teach language skills up to level C1 of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages . Normally, courses take place during the week (Monday through Friday). However, many Studienkollegs started to offer virtual courses at the beginning of the Covid-19 pandemic, and these courses can be taken anywhere at any time. It can also be expected that in the future, more preparatory programmes will be offered that will enable prospective students to prepare for their studies in Germany while they are still in their home countries. Universities & Programmes Scholarships & Funding Requirements & Enrolment Overview Admission Database Application Process Enrolling Studienkollegs GCE IB-Diploma Living in Germany Work & Career PhD Studies & Research Advisory Service Alumni Address Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst e.V. Kennedyallee 50 53175 Bonn Germany All addresses in the DAAD Network DAAD Newsletters Receive regular up-to-date information about our work and organisation. Newsletter - DAAD Useful Links Find Scholarships DAAD offices worldwide Strategy 2030 Press Imprint Data Privacy Statement Cookies Declaration on accessibility Report accessibility issue