Jump to content Cookie Consent To improve the website, the DAAD and third parties set cookies and process usage data . In doing so, the DAAD and third parties transfer usage data to third countries in which there is no level of data protection comparable to that under EU law. By clicking the "Accept all" button, you consent to this processing. You can also find selection options and explanations of these cookies and processing at the end of this page under "Cookies". There you can withdraw consent at any time with effect for the future. Settings Reject Accept Imprint Privacy Policy Deutsch English Contact Colour switch Search Search term * Search Colour switch Search Search term * Search Study & research in Germany Study, research & teach abroad Info & Services for Higher Education Institutions The DAAD Study & research in Germany Study, research & teach abroad Info & Services for Higher Education Institutions The DAAD Contact Homepage Study and Research in Germany Requirements & Enrolment Database on admission requirements Database on admission requirements This database allows you to run a nonbinding check on whether your certificates make you eligible to study in Germany. Currently it covers around 140 countries. This database allows you to run a nonbinding check on whether your certificates make you eligible to study in Germany. Currently it covers around 140 countries. Please note that the eligibility check results apply exclusively to undergraduate programmes. The information is for guidance only, as the final decision on admission always lies with the higher education institution. All fields are mandatory. In which country did you gain your most recent qualification? In which country did you gain your most recent qualification? Please select... Afghanistan Albania Algeria Angola Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Benin Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Chile China Colombia Congo Congo, Democratic Republic Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Greece Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea, the Dem. People's Republic Korea, the Republic of Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lebanon Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova, Republic of Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territories Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe The evaluation of certificates presented in this database is based on information provided by the Standing Conference of Education Ministers (Kultusministerkonferenz), published in the anabin database of the Central Office for Foreign Education (Zentralstelle für ausländisches Bildungswesen, ZAB) . The information in this DAAD database is prepared with uni-assist e.V. . It serves as an orientation but is nonbinding. Address Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst e.V. Kennedyallee 50 53175 Bonn Germany All addresses in the DAAD Network DAAD Newsletters Receive regular up-to-date information about our work and organisation. Newsletter - DAAD Useful Links Find Scholarships DAAD offices worldwide Strategy 2030 Press Imprint Data Privacy Statement Cookies Declaration on accessibility Report accessibility issue