2027 Spring, Undergraduate Admission Guidelines for International Students 2026. 9. International Affairs 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission for International Students □ Online Application ·1st Round: '26. September. 21. (Mon) ~ October. 2. (Fri) ·2nd Round: '26. November. 9. (Mon) ~ November. 20. (Fri) □ Documents Submission: (54896) Intl Center(1-33) 3rd floor, JBNU, 567 Baekjedaero, Deokjingu, Jeonju, Jeollabukdo, South Korea □ How to Apply: UWAY APPLY Online Application + Documents Submission by Post or Visit Office - 2 ▪ Scholarship 1. Scholarships for Freshman: only for the first semester Category Type Amount Eligibility Academic Scholarship Type 1 Tuition feeⅠ&Ⅱ 100% waiver Recipient of TOPIK Level 6 or IELTS 8 higher Type 3 Tuition feeⅡ 50% waiver Recipient of TOPIK Level 5 or IELTS 7.5 Type 5 Tuition feeⅠ 100% waiver Other Official Language score will be considered within the budget Link Scholarship Type 3 Tuition feeⅡ 50% waiver - Students who have completed 4 semesters in last 2years and received above TOPIK Level 3 at the JBNU's Korean Language Education Center - Students who have completed 6 semesters without fails in last 2 years at the JBNU's Korean Language Education Center Type 5 Tuition feeⅠ 100% waiver - Students who have completed 2 semesters of JBNU Korean Language Course in last 2years and received above TOPIK Level 3 - Students who have completed 3 semesters without fails in last 2 years at the JBNU's Korean Language Education Center ※ These scholarships are only open for Study Abroad Students who pay their tuition, Academic Scholarships and LINK scholarships are not accepted together. ※ Only students who have submitted their TOPIK score or other language certificates by 2026. December 23.(Wed) can apply for academic scholarships (Late submitted Language Proficiency Certificates will not be applied to scholarships) ※ Only students who have submitted their certificate of JBNU Language course completion by 2027. 2. 15.(Mon) can apply for LINK scholarships ※ The scholarship criteria is subject to change 2. Scholarship for Enrolled Students Category Amount Eligibility Academic Scholarship Tuition feeⅠ&Ⅱ 100% waiver ~Tuition feeⅠ 100% waiver (15%in total) Selected from each department among GPA 2.75 or higher, 15 credits of the previous semester 3. Scholarship for Direct Descendants of Veterans from the 16 Countries that Participated in the Korean War Category Amount Eligibility Merit-based Scholarship Tuition feeⅠ&Ⅱ 100% waiver ~Tuition feeⅠ 100% waiver (15% in total) - Direct descendants of veterans from the 16 countries that participated in or supported the Korean War (1950-1953). - Participating countries: United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Turkey, Australia, Philippines, Thailand, Netherlands, Colombia, Greece, New Zealand, Ethiopia, Belgium, France, South Africa, Luxembourg. - Documentation: Submit original documents proving veteran status issued by the Ministry of National Defense, Veterans Affairs Office, or Veterans Association of each country, along with an original family relationship certificate that verifies direct descent (including Korean/English translations) or a notarized copy. - For new students: Full waiver of Tuition Fee 1 and Tuition Fee 2 for the first semester. However, from the second semester onward, recipients must maintain a GPA of 2.75 or higher and complete at least 15 credits in the previous semester. Notes for Application • Please note that your submission will be completed when you have filled out all required fields and make your payment for the application. • Write down your name exactly same as on your Passport. You cannot change the major you applied and receive refund for application fee once you have completed your application. • All documents must be written in Korean or English. Any documents written in other languages must be translated into Korean or English. • Please keep your application number once your application completed (It is required for checking interview schedule & results and tuition fee payment) • Even if you have finished online registration, you will be excluded from document screening if you don't submit necessary documents within the deadline. -> Original or copies via e-mail submission is required. The documents arrived after the deadline are not acceptable. • In cases where copies or supplementary documents have been submitted, the original documents must be submitted by February 19.(Fri), 2027 • JBNU is not responsible for any disadvantages resulting from writing down invalid contact point or being out of contact. • JBNU will only accept the official language certificates and Language course completion certificate that were issued within the last two years. Notes for All Applicants • All required documents must be original. If originals cannot be submitted, copies can be submitted only if they have been confirmed as true copies of the original by relevant organizations/institutions or the Office of International Affairs at Jeonbuk National University upon submission • All the submitted documents and application fee will not be returned or refunded after finishing the application period, and changing the major you applied for is not allowed once the application has been accepted.(The original Certificate of Graduation will be returned after the semester begins) • All the information including admission announcements will be posted on the homepage • JBNU is not responsible for any disadvantages resulting from not submitting necessary documents, submitting invalid contact points, not following application process, failing to enter the country, not confirming the final application results, being out of contact and etc • Evaluation scores and the failure reason for admission is not disclosed. • If any of application documents contain false information or forgery, translation errors, proxy test and other illegal methods, admission is cancelled immediately. Also, if an applicant is found to be not fully eligible for the requirement, admission may also be rescinded even after the admission has been granted. In this case, application fee and tuition fee are non-refundable. Furthermore, they cannot apply for JBNU for the next 3 years. • Applicant who is enrolled in two or more universities on the same semester or fail to pay their tuition fee before the designated deadline is disqualified for Admission. • Admitted applicant who is an expected graduate or still attending school/university/college at the time of the application submission must submit a Certificate of Completion or Diploma to the OIA, JBNU by February 19.(Fri), 2027, otherwise admission will be canceled. • Regulations of JBNU are applied to the items that are not defined on this prospectus and other specifications are decided by the JBNU Admission Committee. • Final successful candidates must check through 'Notes for successful applicant', and must apply for their visa, dormitory, insurance, pay their tuition fee and sign up for lectures within the given period. • Transfer students are not allowed to change majors while enrolled, but they may pursue double majors or minors • As Jeonbuk National University does not recognize dual enrollment, admitted applicants who are currently enrolled at another university must withdraw from their previous institution before enrollment ※ This admission guideline is originally written in Korean and translated into English and Chinese, Should any discrepancies be, Korean version dominates translated versions. CONTENTS 01 Admission Guidelines 1. Application Schedule 2. Eligibility 3. Required Documents 4. Application Category 5. Departments 6. Application Procedure 7. Evaluation Procedure 8. Announcement of Result / VISA Application guide 9. Application Fee 1 2 4 6 7 11 12 13 14 02 Campus Life 1. Tuition Fee 2. Scholarship ※ Note - Apostille 14 15 17 - 1 ▪ Application Schedule ※ The schedule maybe changed and it will be announced upon any changes (Any changes or amendments will be announced on the website) Classification 1st Round 2nd Round Remarks Application Period 2026. 9. 21.(Mon) 9:00 ∼2026. 10.2.(Fri) 17:00 2026. 11.9.(Mon) 9:00 ∼2026. 11.20.(Fri) 17:00 - Online Application (Application fee : 80,000KRW) - It is required to submit an application form and other documents after online registration. - Additional admission round can be open for only Namwon Glocal Campus applicants Required Documents Submission 2026. 10.12.(Mon) 2026. 11. 27.(Fri) - Submit it by post or visit (3rd Floor of JBNU International Center) - Applicants who don't submit documents by the deadline will not be interviewed and will be rejected. If it is not possible to arrive on the deadline, submit copies of the documents via email by the deadline and submit the original ones later (admissionu@jbnu.ac.kr) - Original documents submission deadline : February 19.(Fri), 2027 Notice of Interview Schedule2026. 10. 26.(Mon) 2026. 12.14.(Fri) - Announcement will be posted on JBNU webpage and through applicant's email. Interview 2026. 10. 29.(Thur) ~2026. 10. 30.(Fri) 2026. 12.17.(Thur) ~2026. 12.18.(Fri) - Interview will be conducted by each department. • Students in Korea : In-person interview basis • Students in Overseas : Phone/Video interview - Applicant will be disqualified if they miss the interview - Performance tests(Music, Korean Music, etc) may be required for applicants to the College of Arts. Announcement of Successful Applicants 2026. 11.13.(Fri) 2027. 1. 6.(Wed) - Announcement will be posted on JBNU webpage and through applicant's email. Bank Statement Submission Check the Remarks - Successful Applicants Only - Amount: Over 16,000,000KRW (Approx 13,000USD) - Students staying in Korea : Only the applicant's own Korean bank account Issued within 30days before visa application. - Students staying in overseas : It may be submitted either at the time of application or separately after admission ⦁ Applicant's or Parents' International account is available ⦁ Issued within 30 days from the submission date ⦁ If not submitted at the time of application, it must be submitted before the visa application. D ip lom a/A postille/ Additional Language Certificate Submission By 2027. February 19.(Fri) - Only for those who don't submit the documents below ⦁ Degree-related documents for prospective graduates ⦁ Certificate of Completion of JBNU Language School ⦁ The final language score of the person who submitted the test receipt - If other documents have not been submitted by deadline, they will be rejected. Issuance of Admission Letter To be announced - The admission letter is only issued after tuition fee payment and all required document submission including provisional graduate students. Tuition payment schedule To be announced - Payment schedule will be announced later (December 2026) - Make tuition payment at the designated banks Semester Begins 2027. March 2.(Tue) - Spring semester, 2027 begins - 2 ▪ Eligibility 1. Number of recruits: A few 2. Eligibility of Applicant : All requirements of nationalities, academic qualifications and language proficiency must be fulfilled ▪ Type 1: Both applicants and their parents should hold foreign nationality ▪ Type 2. Foreigners who have completed all educational courses abroad Category Contents Nationality / Academic Qualifications Fresh-man Applicants who meet one of the following criteria (m ust be a foreign national; dual nationality is not perm itted) Type 1: Both applicants and their parents should hold foreign nationality and be graduates of regular high school Type 2. Foreigners who have completed all educational courses abroad ※ Applicants who hold dual citizenship are not allowed to apply ※ Korean and foreign high school graduation qualifying examinations are not admitted ※ Homeschooling, cyber education academic recognition methods are not admitted Transfer ※ All requirements below must be satisfied 1. Applicants who meet one of the following criteria - Type 1: Both applicants and their parents should hold foreign nationality - Type 2: Foreigners who have completed all educational courses abroad 2. Must be graduates of regular high school 3. Applicants for junior year must have completed 4 semesters(2 academic years) and acquired at least 65 credits from a 4-year university ※ Applicants transferring to sophomore year must have completed 2 semesters (1 academic year) and acquired at least 35 credits ※ Applicants transferring to senior year must have completed 6 semesters (3 academic year) and acquired at least 95 credits ※ For junior college (2-3 academic years), only graduated (or anticipated) students can apply ※ Applicants who have graduated from 5-year degree programs (high school + college) must submit their high school and college diplomas, their respective transcripts and a certificate of the 5-year system must be specified by their schools ※ Graduates of non-accredited academic institutions are not eligible for applying (Transcripts must have acquired credits (including every subject)and grades in the percentile system) ※ Applicants can apply for majors regardless of their major from their previous institution, and recognition for course credits will be at the Dean's discretion for each department ※ As Jeonbuk National University does not recognize dual enrollment, successful applicants who are enrolled in another university must withdraw from their previous institution before admission ※ Applicants who have been dismissed from their institution as for a disciplinary action, students currently enrolled in JBNU, and JBNU students on gap years may not apply ※ Applicants who hold dual citizenship are not allowed to apply ※ Korean and foreign high school graduation qualifying examinations are not recognized. ※ Home-schooling, cyber education academic recognition methods are not recognized Language Proficiency Requirements Korean Track 1. Applicants to all departments except English Track and Namwon Glocal Campus 2. Applicants must fulfil one of the following requirements: - Test of Proficiency in Korean TOPIK Level 2 or above (Including TOPIK IBT) - Applicants who have completed Level 4 or above at the Korean Language Education Center in Korea - Overseas Koreans who have graduated a high-level of Korean Homeland Education - Applicants who have obtained level 2 or higher on JBNU's own test ※ However, in the case of TOPIK level 2 (equivalent to the university's own level 2), completion of two semesters of the Korean Language Program at JBNU immediately after admission is required - Applicants to the College of Arts (with the exception of Industrial Design and Music) may apply without the above mentioned language proficiency requirements, if they are capable of attending classes taught in Korean. English 1. Applicants to the International Engineering Science and School of International Studies - 3 Track 2. Applicants must fulfil one of the following requirements: - IELTS 5.5, TEPS 600, New TEPS 330, TOEFL iBT 71 (For tests taken after January 20, 2026: 3.5 or higher) - Applicants from English speaking countries can substitute official English exam scores with their secondary school diploma. Namwon Glocal Campus 1. Applicants to Namwon Glocal Campus 2. Applicants must fulfil one of the following requirements: - Test of Proficiency in Korean TOPIK Level 2 or above (Including TOPIK IBT) - Applicants who have completed Level 3 or above at the Korean Language Education Center in Korea - Overseas Koreans who have graduated a high-level of Korean Homeland Education - Applicants who have obtained level 2 or higher on JBNU's ow n test - Applicants who possess a JBNU International Center certificate of completion (minimum 500 hours) - Intermediate-Low or above (311 points) certificate on the Sejong Korean Language Assessment (SKA) - 4 ▪ Required Documents ※ Original documents should be submitted. However, should they be unavailable, copies must be authenticated by the university/institution that issued them or notarized by a public notary in the country where the document was originally produced. ※ All documents in other foreign languages must have a Korean or English translation. In the case of a translation that is not notarized or not translated by a translation company, [Form 'Conform of Translator' ] should be submitted. ※ If all documents are not submitted by the deadline, you will not be able to take the interview and will be disqualified. (submitted by mail) ※ Put in order as below and submit. No Documents Fresh -man Trans -fer Remarks 1 Application form O O · Online Application, print out and sign 2 Affidavit of Financial Support O O · Online Application, print out and sign 3 Agreem ent for Personal Inform ation Collection O O · Online Application, print out and sign 4 High School Diploma (or anticipated graduate certificate) O O · China : Submit ① Original+Translation or ② Apostille (Notarized documents) · Other countries : Substituting for submission of Apostille or Verification from embassy · For applicants of Track II, submission of proof documents for the entire elementary, middle, and high school education is required. · Expected graduate certificate : should submit the certificate of expected graduation from the school and submit diploma of graduation later. · Student who graduated vocational high school in china, need to submit Form 2 5 University Diploma (or anticipated graduate certificate/Enrollm ent Certificate)X O 6 Official Transcript of High School O X · Upload Transcript during online application · Submit ① Original+Translation or ② notarized copy documents · Expected graduates : submit transcripts obtained by the date of submission and submit final transcript after graduation(Completion) · University Transcripts must include earned credit points for every subject and grades in Percentile Score 7 Official University Transcript X O 8 Certificate of High School Diploma Verification O △ · Submit original documents · China : submit 中国高等教育学历认证报告 or Verification from embassy · Other countries : submit Apostille or Verification from embassy ※ Student who apply for transfer - student of 4years university : High school graduation&University enrollment verification - student of Junior College : College graduation verification ※ Students who will graduate, must submit their diploma and verification documents by February 19(Fri) 2027, otherwise, the admission certificate won't be issued ※ No Need for the Graduates from the Schools in Korea 9 Certificate of University Diploma Verification X O 10 Birth Certificate(or Family relationship certificate) & Passport copy O O · Family Relationship or Birth Certificate : issued by the government of the applicant's country. · Submit ① Original+Translation or ② notarized copy documents · Passport copy : Passport copy of parents (or ID card) · China : 'Hukouben'is not accepted. Submit Relative relationship issued by police station or public notary · If it is impossible to prove family relationship due to the death (divorce) of the parents, submit the death (divorce) certificate · Full name and nationality of applicant and his/her parents should be stated 11 Language Certificate O O · Certificate must be valid at the time of application and must not exceed 2 years of issue · JBNU Korean Language Education Center students can submit a certificate of completion after completion · Applicant for Language Test : Submitting receipt first and certificate later · Submission of language certificate for scholarship: 2026. December 23.(Fri) · Language test scores submitted after this date will not be considered for scholarship selection. 12 Certificate of Bank Balance △ △ · Submit original documents · Must be over KRW16,000,000 (around USD13,000) · Students who stay in Korea : Only Korean bank account on applicant's name is acceptable by 30 days before the visa application · Students who stay in overseas : It may be subm itted either at the tim e of application or separately after admission · Bank account on applicant's name or on parent's name · Issuance date: within 30 days from the issuance · If you do not submit it, you can submit it at the time of your visa application 13 Copy of Passport O O · Submit a copy of valid passport 14 Copy of Alien Registration Card △ △ · Applicants who are currently in Korea 15 Portfolio, USB, etc △ △ · Applicants of art college(for details, please check NOTE 2) - 5 <Note 1. Certificate of Diploma Verification> Category Documents Graduates from Apostille Convention Countries Documents for submission : graduation certificate(Degree certificate) apostille, issued by the government appointed organizations [Check Appendix 1] Graduates from Countries outside the Apostille Convention Certificate of academic background (Diploma of Graduation) approved by embassy. Documents can be issued by Korean consulate or the applicant's country's embassy in Korea Graduates from CHINA ․ General High School and College - Academic/Degree certificate from the Ministry of Education or Degree Confirmation Center, issued by Ministry of Education's Academic Certification Center (www.chsi.com.cn , www.cdgdc.edu.cn) ․ Vacational High School : one of the certificates below and [Form2] ① Certificate from the school authorized by the Province Educational Office and Korean embassy ② Certificate from Province Educational Office authorized by the Korean embassy <Note 2. College of Arts Exam content> Major Contents Dance, Industrial design, Korean Music Free format Art 3 copies of a free-format portfolio Music Wind instrument Free performance in fast movement Sting instrument Free performance in fast movement Vocal ① 1 piece of German arts song(original language) ② 1 piece of Italy arts song(original language) Composition Submission of 3 pieces of creative composition * Submit composed files(PDF) musics(MP3) Demonstration of playing an instrument Piano ① fast movement in L. v. Beethoven Sonata ② 1 piece of F. Chopin, F. Liszt Etude Caution ① All songs are memorized and played without looking at the sheet music. ② Interruptions or mistakes that are not related to skill during the practical test do not affect the evaluation, so do not stop even if you are blocked. (Be careful not to start over) - 6 ▪ Application Category 1. Freshman 1) Korean Track : All classes taught in Korean - Eligible departments for application can be found in the list of departments on page 6. Upon admission, students will study within the field of their admitted major for one year (two semesters). From the second year (beginning with the 3rd semester), students will continue their studies in the department (school) to which they were admitted. (Excluding English Track, Namwon Glocal Campus, and cases where the admitted department and the offered major are the same) - Changing majors upon advancement to the second year is not permitted. However, beginning in the third year, students may apply for a transfer to another major if desired (limited to one time) - For applicants with TOPIK level 2 (equivalent to JBNU's own level 2), completion of two semesters in the JBNU Korean Language Program is required immediately after admission (excluding Namwon Glocal Campus) 2) English Track : This track verifies and selects English proficiency, and more than 50% of the credits required for graduation is taught in English ※ Freshman Admission Procedure If the admission unit is a division → Complete the 1st year curriculum in the division of the admission unit to which you were accepted → From the 2-4 year, students continue in the major they were admitted to and cannot change the major on the 2nd year. Application and evaluation → Announcement of Results ↗ ↘ The others or English Track → Study in the chosen major for four years (without changing departments during the study period) 2. Transfer(2·3·4grade) Major : All departments on Page 7 College Field Major Admission Procedure College of Humanities Humanities International Studies (International Studies Major) Applicants will be placed in majors during the first semesterUniversity Headquarter Natural Science International Engineering and Science (Engineering Science Majors) College First-year Admission Unit (Division) 2~4 year Curriculum College of Engineering Engineering Division 1, Engineering Division 2 Study in the selected major and department chosen at the time of admission application College of Commerce Commerce Division College of Agriculture and Life Science Agriculture and Life Science Division College of Social Science Social Science Division College of Human Ecology Human Ecology Division College of Natural Sciences Natural Sciences Division 1, Natural Sciences Division 2 College of Environmental and Bioresource Sciences Human Ecology Division - 7 ▪ Departments ※ College of Medicine, Dentistry, Veterinary Medicine, Nursing and special departments are excluded ※ English Track: This track verifies and selects English proficiency, and more than 50% of the credits required for graduation is taught in English, Korean Track: classes conducted in Korean ※ Engineering : E, Natural Science Field : N, Humanities Field : H, Arts Field : A 1. Namwon Glocal Campus (Department dedicated to international students only) Department Recruitment Web page Freshmen Transfer Glocal Commerce O X https://nwgc.jbnu.ac.kr/glocalcampus/ind ex.do K-Entertainment O X Korean Language O X ※ Classes will be conducted at the Jeonju Campus, and will be relocated and operated at the Namwon Glocal Campus upon its opening in Namwon. 2. Jeonju Campus Track College Admission Unit (Division) Department(Major) Homepage Recruit FieldF re s h m a nT ra n sfe r English University Headquarter School of International Engineering and ScienceMajor of Engineering and Science https://sies.jbnu.ac.kr O 2 E Humanities The School of International Studies International Studies Major https://tsis.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 H Korean Engineering Engineering Division 1 Department of Architectural Engineering http://archi.jbnu.ac.kr O 3 E Department of Architecture O X Department of Mechanical Engineering http://me.jbnu.ac.kr O X Division of Mechanical Design Engineering (Major of Mechanical Design Engineering) http://mdesign.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Division of Mechanical Design Engineering (Major of Nano-bio Mechanical System Engineering) http://mdesign.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Division of Mechanical System Engineering http://mse.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Department of Urban Engineering https://urban.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Division of Biomedical Engineering https://biomedical.jbnu.ac.kr O X Department of Industrial and Information Systems Engineering https://ise.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Division of Convergence Technology Engineering(Major of IT Convergence Mechatronics Engineering http://cte.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Division of Convergence Technology Engineering (Major of IT Applied System Engineering) http://itase.jbnu.ac.kr O X Division of Civil/Environmental/Mineral Resources and Energy Engineering (Major of Environmental Engineering) https://envi.jbnu.ac.kr O X AI Department of Software https://software.jbnu.ac.kr O X - 8 Track College Admission Unit (Division) Department(Major) Homepage Recruit FieldF re s h m a nT ra n sfe r Engineering Engineering Engineering Division 2 Division of Advanced Materials Engineering (Major of Information Materials Engineering) https://itmat.jbnu.ac.kr O X Commerce Commerce Division Department of Business Administration https://business.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 HDivision of Economics https://econo.jbnu.ac.kr/ O X Department of International Trade https://trade.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 Department of Accounting https://account.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 Agriculture and Life Sciences Agriculture and Life Sciences Division Division of Agricultural Economics and Food Marketing (Department of Agricultural Economics) https://frme.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3, 4 HDivision of Agricultural Economics and Food Marketing (Department of Agri-Food Marketing) https://agrifm.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 Department of Plant Medicine https://plantmed.jbnu.ac.kr/ag ribio/index.do O 2, 3, 4 N Department of Animal Biotechnology https://animalbio.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3, 4 Department of Wood Science & Technology https://wse.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 Department of Forest Environmental Science https://fore.jbnu.ac.kr O X Department of Bioenvironmental Chemistry https://bioenv.jbnu.ac.kr/bioe nv/index.do O 2, 3, 4 Department of Food Science & Technology https://foodtech.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3, 4 Department of Horticulture https://hort.jbnu.ac.kr/ O X Department of Crop Science and Biotechnology https://crop.jbnu.ac.kr/ O X Department of Landscape Architecture http://la.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Department of Rural Construction Engineering https://agrieng.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3, 4 Department of Smart Farm Smart Farm https://sfarm.jbnu.ac.kr O 2 Social Science Social Science Division Department of Social Welfare https://welfare.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 H Department of Sociology http://socio.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 Department of Media and Communication Studies http://media.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Department of Psychology http://psy.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Department of Political Science & Diplomacy http://pol.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 Department of Public Administration http://dpa.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3, 4 Korean Human Ecology Human Ecology Division Department of Child Studies https://child.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 H Fashion http://fashion.jbnu.ac.kr O 2 NDepartment of Housing Environmental Design https://housing.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Arts Department of Dance Dance (Ballet/Dance Education Creator) https://arts.jbnu.ac.kr/arts/inde x.do O 2, 3 A Dance (Korean Folk Dance) Dance (Contemporary Dance/Choreography) Department of Industrial Design IIndustrial Design(Visual·Media Design) https://design.jbnu.ac.kr O 2Industrial Design(Product Design) Department of Music Music(Wind·String Instruments) https://wz3.jbnu.ac.kr/music/inde x..do O 3Music(Voice) Music(Multi-media Composition) Music(Piano) Department of Korean Traditional Music Korean Music (Instrumental Music) https://arts.jbnu.ac.kr/arts/555 1/subview.do O 3, 4 Korean Music (Vocal·Composition·Theory) - 9 ※ Division of Convergence Technology Engineering(Major of IT Convergence Mechatronics Engineering) : Study for first two years at the Jeonju campus, and 3-4 year study at the Saemangeum Campus. ※ When applying to the College of Arts, applicants should choose their specific major and the Industrial design and Music require Korean Language Proficiency 3. Specialized Campus (Iksan) Track College Admission Unit (Division) Department(Major) Homepage Recruitment Field Fre sh m anT ransfer Korean Environm ental and Bioresource Sciences Human Ecology Division Biotechnology https://bio-tech.jbnu.ac.kr X X NEcology Landscape Architecture Design https://eco.jbnu.ac.kr/eco/index.do X X 4. Saemangeum Campus Track College Admission Unit (Division) Department(Major) Homepage Recruitment Field Freshm anTransfer Korean Engineering Engineering Division 1 Major of IT Convergence Mechatronics Engineering http://cte.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 N ※ Major of IT Convergence Mechatronics Engineering : Study for first two years at the Jeonju campus, and 3-4 year study at the Saemangeum Campus. Track College Admission Unit (Division) Department(Major) Homepage Recruit FieldF re s h m a nT ra n sfe r Humanities Department of Archaeology & Cultural Anthropology Archaeology and Cultural Anthropology https://culture.jbnu.ac.kr/ O X H Department of Korean Language & Literature Korean Language & Literature http://korean.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 Department of German Studies German Studies https://deutsch.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3 Department of Library & Information Science Library and Information Science https://lis.jbnu.ac.kr O X Department of Spanish & Latin American Studies Spanish & Latin american studies http://spanish.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3, 4 Department of English Language & Literature English Language and Literature https://english.jbnu.ac.kr O X Department of Japanese Studies Japanese Studies https://japan.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3, 4 Department of Chinese Language & Literature Chinese Language & Literature http://chinese.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3, 4 Department of Philosophy Philosophy https://philos.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3, 4 Department of French and African Studies French‧African Studies https://france.jbnu.ac.kr/ O 2, 3, 4 Natural Sciences N atural Sciences Division 1 Department of Science Studies https://ss.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3, 4 NDepartment of Molecular Biology http://molb.jbnu.ac.kr/ O X Department of Life Sciences http://bio.jbnu.ac.kr O X N atural Sciences Division 2 Department of Statistics https://stat.jbnu.ac.kr O 2, 3 NDepartment of Sports Science Sports Science https://sportscience.jbnu.ac.kr O X - 10 ▪ Application Procedure 1. Application Procedure : Documents should be submitted via post after the Online Application. Visit online application website · Visit JBNU website (http://jbnu.ac.kr) and check the notice board and pop-up zone. · Sign up for the online application website and log in (https://www.uwayapply.com) ò Fill out application form · Check Admission Guidelines and Important notes, Fill out personal information · Upload Transcript and Photo ò Paying Application fee · The application will be completed only after the payment is made. (If payment is incomplete, the application process is canceled) ò Submit other requirements to JBNU · Prepare online docum ents and other required docum ents in order and send them by post. · It is not accepted if documents are not submitted before the deadline, even if the online application is completed. ò Interview · Interview schedule will be noted through JBNU website and email ò Announcement of Results · Interview schedule will be noted through JBNU website and email ò Tuition fee payment · Pay tuition fee during the payment schedule (Notice on schedule and payment methods will be announced at the end of December 2026) ò Visa application · Overseas Residents: Korean Embassy in each country, Domestic Residents: Visa application to Office of International Affairs, JBNU ò Start of semester · Entry and semester start (2027. March 2nd) 2. Document Submission Desk Office Office of International Affairs, International Center 3rd Floor, Jeonbuk National University Address 567 Baekje-daero, Deokjin-gu, Jeonju-si, Jeollabuk-do, 54896 Republic of Korea Tel +82-63-270-4653 How to submit By post or Visit our office - 11 ▪ Evaluation Procedure 1. Admission Criteria : Document Screening and Interview Category Criteria and percentage Total Language Proficiency Scholastic Ability Attitude and etiquette Percentage 40 40 20 100 1) Document screening : Language ability assessment ※ evaluated only by documents submitted as of the deadline of submitting application 2) Interview : Each department will conduct interview Interview Language Interview method Interview Time and locationStudents in korea Students in overseas Korean or English In-person interview (Phone or Video interview may conduct) Phone or Video interview To be announced (Homepage and E-mail) ※ Applicants of Music may conduct a performance test during the interview. In the case of phone/video interviewers, the interview should be conducted in a space where they can perform. ※ If you are absent on the interview because of misspelled contact or mis-checking notice, you will be rejected and the following result is upon yourself ※ You should fill out only the valid phone number on the application form, if you change your phone number you should inform to Office of International Affairs directly ※ If phone and video interview cannot be connected up to 3 times, interview will be failed 2. Acceptance Criteria : The admission will be granted to the applicants get 60 points higher ▪ Rejection Criteria 1) Applicants whose total point is less than 60 points 2) If two or more interviewers assign the lowest score of 24 points 3) Applicants who missed the interview 4) In the case of any false information (Forgery, alteration, translation errors, etc.) in the application documents 5) Insufficient submission of requirement documents 6) An unqualified applicants 7) Those who are denied from the visa issuance - 12 ▪ Announcement of Result / VISA Application guide 1. Announcement of Result : It will be noticed by application number on JBNU website Category 1st Round 2nd Round Remarks Announcement Date 2026. November 13.(Fri) 2027. January 6.(Wed) (http://jbnu.ac.kr) (https://ioffice.jbnu.ac.kr/ioffice/ind ex.do)Announcement Method JBNU Homepage and E-mail (http://jbnu.ac.kr) Certificate of Admission It will be issued to the final successful applicants who have submitted all the documents and paid tuition fee If all of documents are not submitted, admission letter can not be issued and if not submitted by the deadline, their total admission will be cancelled Tuition fee payment Mid of January. (expected) 2027 (If the successful candidate does not pay by the deadline, his/her admission will be cancelled) To be announced 2. Student VISA(D-2) Issue and VISA Changes Category Student in Korea Student in overseas Registration Desk Office of International Affairs, Jeonbuk National University Korean Embassy in home country Alien Registration Changing visa status to D-2 (Ex: D-4→D-2) Issuance of new D-2 visa Period From February. 2027 ~ (In case of visa expiry, it's required to apply for visa beforehand) From January - February. 2027 ~ (After submission of all documents and tuition fee payment) Required Documents Application Form, Passport(copy), 1 Photo, Certificate of Admission, Tuition Fee Payment Receipt, Certificate of Diploma Verification, Proof Document of Staying Expenses, Certificate of Korean Language Course Completion+Transcript, Proof of Residency etc. Application Form, Passport(copy), 1 Photo, Certificate of Admission, Proof Document of Staying Expenses, etc. (Check the website of South Korean Consulate in home country) Process Prepare all documents and visit JBNU Office of International Affairs Prepare all documents and visit the South Korean Consulate in home country Note Changing the Visa status takes 5-8 weeks After arrival to South Korea, register to Alien Card ※ Successful candidates are responsible to acquire their visa. It is sole responsibility of the students if their visas are refused or delayed. If those students cannot enter Republic of Korea, they can apply for full tuition refund by submitting entrance disclaimer letter by 2027. February 26.(Fri) - 13 ▪ Application fee 1. Application fee 1) Fee : KRW 80,000 (Unpaid applications can not be accepted) 2) How to pay : International transfer and credit card payment available on application website ※ Application may be cancelled when the application fee payment is not made until the deadline. 3) Refund policy : When applicants wish for refund, contact the person who is in charge of admission by sending email. Refund rates are as follows. Reasons for refund Refund rate Cancelling the application before deadline 100% refund Unable to apply due to the university's fault Refund after deducting a commission fee Unable to apply due to natural disaster (only when submitting proof document) Unable to apply due to disease or accident (only when submitting proof document) College Department/Major Tuition feeⅠ (KRW) Tuition feeⅡ (KRW) Total (Tuition feeⅠ + Tuition feeⅡ) (KRW) Social Sciences, Commerce, Humanities, Namwon Glocal Campus(Glocal Commerce, Korean Language) 375,000 1,641,000 2,016,000 Engineering 410,000 2,294,000 2,704,000 Agricultural Life Science All 384,000 2,145,000 2,529,000 Agricultural Economy 375,000 1,641,000 2,016,000 Human Ecology All 384,000 2,145,000 2,529,000 Child Studies 375,000 1,641,000 2,016,000 Arts, Namwon Glocal Campus(K-Entertainment) 410,000 2,369,000 2,779,000 Natural Science All 384,000 2,145,000 2,529,000 Mathematics 384,000 1,641,000 2,025,000 Environmental & Bioresource Sciences 384,000 2,145,000 2,529,000 ※ If successful candidates will not pay until the designated period, it will be cancelled automatically. ※ The table above is based on the Fall 2026. It is subject to change in Spring 2027. ▪ Tuition Fee - 14 ▪ Additional School Life Information 1. 2026 Spring Semester begins: 2027. March 2nd (Tue) ※ Admitted students should come to JBNU before the semester begins 2. Residence Hall : Chambit hall, Daedong hall, Cheongwoong hall 1) Application : Must be applied at the time of application for admission, if not students should apply by themselves 2) All international students can reside at the dormitory. Dormitory application will be cancelled automatically if applicant do not make payments for the dormitory fee by the deadline 3) Tuberculosis test: to the Dormitory office before start of semester ※ Students who submitted it to the Korean Embassy for the visa process don't need to submit it 4) Dormitory hall Inquiry : http://likehome.jbnu.ac.kr / 063-270-4723 5) Facilities (Based on 2026-2 semester) Hall Meal Plan Campus location Equipment Dorm fee (/semester) Chambit Compulsory 3Meals (5-day week) Korean/Western style Jeonju Triple room, Desk, Chair, Closet, Air conditioner, Bathroom, Washroom 1,404,630 KRW Daedong(M) No meal Jeonju Double room, Desk, Chair, Closet, Air conditioner, Public Restroom and shower room (No elevator) 580,000 KRW Cheong woong No meal Iksan Double room, Bed, Desk, Chair, Closet 870,000 KRW * Daedong Hall (without meals) is available to male students only, while female students may apply only for Chambit Hall (with meals) ▪ Chambit - 15 3. National Health Insurance ※ All International students must subscribe to National Health Insurance after entry 1) Enrollment Time : After Alien registration process (Automatically subscribed) - Subscription is not allowed until alien registration is completed. Therefore, It is recommended to subscribe extra insurance for safety reasons or in cases where the hospital is likely to be used before registration 2) Monthly fee : 76,390KRW - The above amount is based on the amount paid in 2026 and maybe increased in the future. - International students are given a partial reduction from the total amount paid - Original Monthly fee : 152,780KRW Period 2026. 3~ Reduction 50% Reduction(Pay 76,390KRW) 3) Payment Method : Bill will be sent to your home, pay fee after confirming the amount and account number on the bill 4. Notice for Studens in Korean track 1) If you don't submit TOPIK Level 4 or above, you can't graduate 2) For applicants with TOPIK level 2 (equivalent to JBNU's own level 2), completion of two semesters in the JBNU Korean Language Program is required immediately after admission (excluding Namwon Glocal Campus) ▪ Contact Address (KOR) 전북 전주시 덕진구 백제대로 567번지 전북대학교 인터내셔널센터 3층 국제협력과 학부 입학 담당자 (우편번호 54896) Address (ENG) Jeonbuk National University, Office of International Affairs, 3rd Floor, JBNU International Center, 567 Baekje-daero, Deokjin-gu, Jeonju-si, Jeollabuk-do, Republic of Korea (Zip code 54896) Tel / Fax +82-63-270-4653 / +82-63-270-2099 Office Hours (Mon to Fri) 09:00-12:00, 13:00-18:00 E-mail admissionU@jbnu.ac.kr JBNU Homepage (KOR) http://www.jbnu.ac.kr/kor/ (ENG) http://www.jbnu.ac.kr/eng/ OIA Homepage http://ioffice.jbnu.ac.kr - 16 ※ Note ▪ What APOSTILLE is, - Since July 14, 2007, the Republic of Korea has been part of the 1961 Hague Convention abolishing the Requirement of Legalization for Foreign Public Documents. The Convention provides for the simplified certification or public (including notarized) documents to be used in countries that have joined the convention. - An Apostille ensures that public documents issued in one signatory country will be recognized as valid in another signatory country. ▪ The List of Countries for Apostille Certificates - For information regarding how to get an Apostille, please refer to the website https://www.hcch.net/en/instruments/specialised-sections/apostille ▪ Apostille Issuance Procedure An official document issued by the government ⇒ Visit the Apostille issuing organization ⇒ Apply for Apostille issue ⇒ Examination for Apostille issuance ⇒ Apostille issuance * In case of a private paper, it may differ according to the National Notary Publication Act and the Attorney's Law. It is possible to check apostille after submitting the government notarized document. Area Country Asia, Pacific New Zealand, Niue, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Mongolia, Vanuatu, Brunei, Samoa, Australia, India, Japan, China, Macau, Hong Kong, Cook Islands, Tonga, Fiji, Palau, Philippines, Singapore, Indonesia, Korea, Tajikistan Europe Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Russia, Rumunia, Luxemburg, Lithuania, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Monaco, Montenegro, Moldova, Malta, Belgium, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, San Marino, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland , Spain, Slovakia, Slovenia, Iceland, Ireland, Azerbaijan, Andorra, Albania, Estonia, United Kingdom, Austria, Ukraine, Italy, Georgia, Czech Republic, Kosovo, Croatia, Cyprus, Turkey, Portugal, Poland, France, Finland, Hungary, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Armenia N. America US M. S. America Guatemala, Grenada, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, Dominican Republic, Mexico, Barbados, Bahamas, Venezuela, Belize, Brazil, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Argentina, Antiqua Babuda, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, Uruguay , Chile, Costa Rica, Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Bolivia, Guyana, Jamaica Middle East, Africa Namibia, South Africa, Liberia, Lesotho, Malawi, Morocco, Bahrain, Botswana, Burundi, Sao Tome and Principe, Seychelles, Swaziland, Oman, Cape Verde, Israel, Tunisia