Bachelor's Degree/Specialty Master's Degree PhD (Postgraduate Studies) Residency Contacts Submit documents ENG RUS ENG Russian Government Quota for International Students The selection process for international students to study in Russia under the quota established by the Government of the Russian Federation is regulated by Government Decree No. 2150 of December 18, 2020, "On Establishing a Quota for the Education of Foreign Citizens and Stateless Persons in the Russian Federation". International students and stateless persons (hereinafter referred to as foreign citizens) have the right to receive education in Russia in accordance with international agreements of the Russian Federation and Federal Law No. 273-FZ of December 29, 2012, "On Education in the Russian Federation". The procedure for selecting international students for education in the Russian Federation under the Government quota, as well as the requirements they must meet, are established by Order No. 1378 of the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of Russia, dated November 3, 2020 "On the Approval of the Procedure for Selecting Foreign Citizens and Stateless Persons for Education Within the Quota Established by the Government of the Russian Federation for the Education of Foreign Citizens and Stateless Persons in the Russian Federation, as well as the Requirements Imposed on Them." This selection procedure also defines the deadlines and stages of the selection process. The selection process consists of two stages: First Stage - Conducted in the applicant's home country, where foreign candidates are selected for admission; Second Stage - Conducted by Russian educational institutions, which review the selected candidates and finalize admissions. For International Students Already Studying in Russia Foreign students who are already enrolled in Russian educational institutions, graduating in the current academic year, and wishing to continue their studies at the next level of education must go through the selection process again under the quota system. The "Rossotrudnichestvo" agency serves as the official operator responsible for selecting candidates abroad. More detailed https://education-in-russia.com . +7 (499) 936-86-94 intstudent@rudn.ru Submit documents Contacts Olympiads Bachelor's Degree/Specialty Foreign languages Master's Degree PhD (Postgraduate Studies) Residency © 2006-2026 All rights reserved "Peoples' Friendship University of Russia named after Patrice Lumumba" Упс! Страница еще в разработке Я подожду Search... Bachelor's / Specialist Programs Master's Programs Search