Bachelor's Degree/Specialty Master's Degree PhD (Postgraduate Studies) Residency Contacts Submit documents ENG RUS ENG State-Funded Scholarships - RUDN Open Olympiad for International Applicants Patrice Lumumba Peoples' Friendship University of Russia (RUDN) actively works to attract gifted, talented, and career-oriented young individuals to its student body. Winners and prize-winners of academic Olympiads have extensive opportunities to enroll in any study program (specialization) offered by RUDN University. Official website: http://olymp.rudn.ru RUDN Open Olympiad for Foreign Citizens The RUDN Open Olympiad is a competitive academic contest designed to identify and attract talented applicants for studies at the university in their chosen fields of study. Benefits for Olympiad laureates: the winners of the Olympiad get the opportunity to study at RUDN University in the chosen field of study, that correspond to the passed Olympiad subject, under the quota of the Government of the Russian Federation; the prize-winners of the Olympiad receive a discount on tuition fees on the chosen field of study. * Meanwhile, if there are quotas remain after they are distributed among the winners of the Olympiad the prize-winners can be enrolled on the quota places depending on the Olympiad points received. Who Can Participate? Olympiad is held annually online and in-person. All foreign citizens from any country can participate. Participation is open to foreign citizens who do not hold Russian citizenship: Senior year high school students; RUDN University graduate students; graduate students of other Russian universities who are not pursuing bachelor's, master's or specialist degree programs under quota of the Russian Government; graduates of higher education institutions from CIS and non-CIS countries. How to take part: Information about the dates of the Olympiad is posted on the website of the Open Olympiad http://olymp.rudn.ru and on the telegram channel of the RUDN International Service https://t.me/RUDN_international . Subscribe so you don't miss the start of the contest. Participation stages: - Step 1. REGISTRATION FOR THE IN-PERSON OR ONLINE OLYMPIAD Within the announced Olympiad period, you can register on the Olympiad website, create a personal account, and submit the required documents (scanned copies of your international passport and document that confirms your education level - diploma or certificate from school if education process is not over yet) - Step 2. CHOOSE SUBJECT AND LEVEL OF THE TEST Via Olympiad you can choose among bachelor's (specialist's) or master's level. Subject Olympiads: Computer Science (Bachelor's, Master's) Mathematics (Bachelor's, Master's) Physics (Bachelor's, Master's) Chemistry (Bachelor's, Master's) Biology (Bachelor's, Master's) Social Studies (Bachelor's, Master's) Russian Language (Bachelor's, Master's) Ecology (Master's only) Advertising and Public Relations / Journalism / Psychology (Master's only) Economics and Management (Master's only) - Step 3. COMPLETE THE OLYMPIAD ASSIGNMENT Take part in the online or in-person testing (information about the test dates will be available in personal accounts of the participants and sent to you via email). - Step 4. FOR ONLINE PARTICIPANTS Participants who pass the online testing successfully will be invited to individual interviews (information about the interview dates will be available in participant's personal accounts and sent to you via email). - Step 5. ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE WINNERS Wait for the Olympiad results to be published in your personal account. - Step 6. SUBMISSION OF DOCUMENTS BY THE WINNERS FOR ADMISSION TO RUDN UNIVERSITY If you are recognised as a winner or prize-winner the corresponding information will be available in your personal accounts. Please upload the following documents to your personal account: - Identity documents Copy of your passport Notarized Russian translation of your passport. - Application form Completed questionnaire (downloadable via the link in your personal account). - Education documents Certificate / diploma with transcript; Legalized copy and notarized Russian translation. - Medical documents General health certificate (Form 086/у or equivalent) with translation; Medical certificates confirming the absence of HIV, hepatitis, and tuberculosis. - Additional documents (optional) Russian language proficiency certificate (if available); Diplomas, awards, recommendation letters. - Step 7. ENROLLMENT AS A RUDN STUDENT! For any questions regarding participation in the Olympiad, please visit our website http://olymp.rudn.ru or contact: olymp@rudn.ru +7 (499) 936-86-94 intstudent@rudn.ru Submit documents Contacts Olympiads Bachelor's Degree/Specialty Foreign languages Master's Degree PhD (Postgraduate Studies) Residency © 2006-2026 All rights reserved "Peoples' Friendship University of Russia named after Patrice Lumumba" Упс! Страница еще в разработке Я подожду Search... Bachelor's / Specialist Programs Master's Programs Search