Most searched pages Admissions Master's Degree Courses Multi-site campus Schools Departments Centers Support Unipd Press area Work with us phone mail search en COURSES STUDY RESEARCH CAMPUS LIFE BUSINESS & SOCIAL IMPACT UNIVERSITY Services Home Study Scholarships, subsidies and contributions Scholarships and benefits for international students Scholarships and benefits for international students The University of Padua offers many financial support opportunities for international students. Here below is a list of scholarships funded by the University and by other institutions. Scholarships awarded by the University of Padua Padua International Excellence Scholarship The University of Padua offers scholarships to highly talented prospective students wishing to pursue a Bachelor's or Master's degree completely held in English. For more information, see the dedicated page Fee waivers The University of Padua additionally offers 100 full tuition fee-waivers to students enrolling in one of its degree programmes completely held in English. For more information, see the dedicated page Departmental scholarships Some of our Departments offer additional scholarships to highly talented prospective students wishing to pursue a degree programme completely held in English. For more information, see the dedicated page Galilean School of Higher Education scholarships The Scuola Galileiana di Studi Superiori (Galilean School of Higher Education) is the University of Padua's school of excellence. It combines traditional university education with a series of special in-house courses including seminars and lectures by renowned international visiting professor. For more information, see the dedicated page Dual student-athlete career The University of Padua recognises the eligibility for the dual student-athlete career for students who compete for selection as they practise a sporting discipline recognised by CONI or CIP that is represented at the Olympics/Paralympics and who have achieved significant results in the respective competitive sport. For more information, see the dedicated page Scholarships awarded by other national or international organisations Scholarships awarded by the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation (MAECI) Every year, the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation awards scholarships for studying in Italy to both international students and Italian students who are permanent residents in countries other than Italy (IRE). For more information, see the dedicated page Invest your Talent in Italy (IYT) Invest Your Talent in Italy supports talented international students wishing to enrol in English-taught Master's degree programmes in the fields of Engineering and Information Technologies, Management and Economics at top-ranked Italian universities, including the University of Padua. The programme offers full scholarship packages including subsistence allowance, a fee-waiver and dedicated student support services. A short internship at leading Italian companies is also part of the programme. It is supported by the Italian Government and the Italian Trade Agency. For information see the dedicated page We Make Scholars (India) India-based educational finance platform that provides information on international scholarships and facilitates the student education loan process through partnerships with public and private banks. Learn more . Colfuturo (Colombia) Colfuturo offers 1 full tuition fee waiver and a 50% reduction on tuition fees to 10 (total) eligible Colombian students admitted to a master's degree programme. Learn more Fundación Beca (Mexico) Fundación Beca offers 1 full tuition fee waiver and a 50% reduction on tuition fees to 3 (total) Mexican students admitted to a bachelor's and/or a master's degree programme. Learn more Funed (Mexico) Funed offers a 20% reduction on tuition fees to 2 Mexican students admitted to a Master's degree programme. Learn more . Gini Foundation: Scholarships for foreign citizens in possession of a master's degree in subjects related to the scientific sectors of Agriculture, Engineering, Science. Year 2024 Deadline: September 13, 2024 More information Guatefuturo (Guatemala) Guatefuturo offers a 50% reduction on tuition fees to 2 Guatemalan students admitted to a master's degree programme. Learn more . LEPL International Education Center of Georgia (Georgia) LEPL International Education Center of Georgia offers a 40% reduction on tuition fees to 2 Georgian students admitted to a master's degree programme. Learn more LPDP - Indonesian Endowment Fund for Education Agency (Indonesia) LPDP offers scholarship programmes for Indonesia's top talents Learn more Regional Scholarships The University of Padua, through the Veneto Region funding, supports low-income students (both Italian and international) enrolling in Bachelor's, Single-cycle or Master's degrees and PhD courses. More information Opportunities for refugees and students at risk Opportunities for refugees and students at risk The University of Padua supports various initiatives to welcome people with refugee status, asylum seekers and people fleeing their countries. For more information, see the dedicated page MAECI Scholarships Scholarships provided by the Departments Total exemptions for international students Invest your Talent in Italy Padua International Excellence Scholarship Programme Galilean School of Higher Studies, call for international students The translation of content on this website is carried out, in part, using AI tools. Only the official Italian version has legal validity. Università degli Studi di Padova P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 Choose your path and find out how to study at the University of Padua Apply Courses Study Research Campus Life Business & Social Impact University Press Area Libraries Work with us Calls for tenders and contracts Official University Notice Board Transparent administration Contacts Via 8 Febbraio, 2 - 35122 Padova Switchboard: +390498275111 Call Centre: +390498273131 E-mail: urp@unipd.it Certified mail: University PEC Contacts for assistance Unipd social Unipd app Follow us on social media © 2026 University of Padova - All rights reserved P.I. 00742430283 C.F. 80006480281 About the Site Accessibility Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Acts of notification Legal Advertising