Languages 日本語 한국어 입시정보 中文 Bahasa Indonesia Incoming Students How to Apply Application Guide Download Documents Programs Events & Webinars Menu TOP How to Apply Application Guide Download Documents Programs Events & Webinars About Ritsumeikan University At a Glance Campus Locations Global Network Student Life Academic Calendar Accommodations Daily Life Opportunities Beyond Japan Student Voices Financial Info Tuition & Fees Scholarships Cost of Living Brochure Download Videos FAQ & Contact Incoming Students Languages 日本語 한국어 입시정보 中文 Bahasa Indonesia How to Apply Application Guide AO Admissions (English Basis) If the University determines that it is difficult to carry out admissions as stated in the Application Handbook due to unforeseen circumstances, there may be some changes. Changes regarding AO Admissions (English Basis) will be announced on this website . Download Admissions Overview Close Click here to download pdf Starting your Application Admissions Policies Requirements When and How to Apply Applying to Multiple Programs / Times After Admission For Counselors / Teachers Admissions Results Summaries of Admissions Results Starting your Application Below is a summary of the application information. For full details, please read the Application Handbook carefully. All the information you need to complete an application is written in the Application Handbook. Download Application Handbook Important Notes Regarding Applications The University will contact applicants through the online application system and/or e-mail. It is the applicant's responsibility to regularly check e-mail communication and the online application system, and respond in a timely manner. All times indicated on this page refer to Japan Standard Time (UTC+09). Applicants who wish to request examination accommodations due to illness, injury, or disability, please click below. Examination Accommodations for Applicants Admissions Policies College of Global Liberal Arts The College of Global Liberal Arts at Ritsumeikan University seeks students who have the following abilities, skills, interests, and aspirations: (1) Students who possess English language ability and basic academic skills to intellectually discuss various issues in global society (specific English requirements are listed separately). (2) Students who have a strong interest in various issues in global society, respect diverse cultures and values, and can work cooperatively with others. (3) Students who aspire to become global leaders who will proactively and practically solve various issues in global society by mastering academic skills and deepening their understanding of academic fields related to their interests and career paths through humanities, social sciences, and science and technology. Joint Degree Program, College of International Relations The Global International Relations Joint Degree Program is looking for globally minded students who can be effective leaders both on and off campuses. We expect our graduates to take an active role in their professional fields and contribute directly and indirectly to the deepening of mutually beneficial relations between the U.S., Japan and the rest of East Asia, as well as to the peace and prosperity of the international community. College of International Relations In the Department of International Relations within the College of International Relations, students systematically learn three types of essential approaches to understanding global society: language skills, theories, and area studies. Throughout this learning process, students develop a high level of foreign language proficiency and the ability to think logically, while cultivating deeper intellectual capacities to better understand cultural diversity. The college seeks students who have the will to act independently and the desire to contribute to society in terms of governance, economics, culture, and peace. To this end, the college admits students who already possess the following abilities and motivations: (1) Basic academic skills necessary to analyze problems facing global society (2) A deep interest in the problems facing global society and the self-motivation to pursue them (3) Language abilities necessary to understand and explain the problems facing global society College of Policy Science The College of Policy Science seeks students who will challenge themselves both in practical and scholastic terms, with the aim of creating a better society through policy solutions. Thus, the College expects students to have the following academic abilities and interests upon admission: (1) Basic academic knowledge acquired at high school or equivalent educational institutions. (2) Interest in acquiring thinking skills and abilities for problem solving based on that knowledge. (3) Willingness to design and work on practical solutions to a wide-range of social problems. College of Information Science and Engineering Education and research at the College of Information Science and Engineering encompasses a wide range of topics. These relate to the core knowledge of technologies, and their application at the cutting edge. Our educational goal is to develop specialists and researchers with expertise in utilizing computers to obtain effective and innovative solutions to unforeseen issues. Graduates of CISE will be ready to play the leading role in a variety of organizations at the global level. With these objectives in mind, we welcome prospective students with the following qualities and attitudes. (1) The prospective students should have acquired logical thinking skills and fundamental understanding of mathematics and natural sciences necessary to pursue studies in information science. (2) For those who are to choose one of the six courses provided in Japanese, they should have sufficient Japanese proficiency to understand and produce Japanese texts, as well as the fundamental proficiency in English. For those who are to be enrolled in the course provided in English, they should be able to display sufficient command of English to pursue academic studies in the language. (3) They should have acquired academic underpinnings to start a wide range of studies at the tertiary education level. (4) They should have wide and keen interests in academic fields related to information technology. (5) They should be strongly motivated to acquire the fundamentals of programming. (6) They should have sincere motivation to acquire specialized and advanced knowledge and technologies, ethical attitudes, and leadership. (7) They should be fully aware of the significance of skills for problem-identifying/solving and those for communication, and are ready to improve those skills to the more advanced levels. Requirements Applicants MUST fulfill the following two requirements: (1) University Entrance Eligibility (2) English Language Proficiency In addition, GLA applicants must fulfill the following requirement: (3) Nationality / Visa Status 1. University Entrance Eligibility Applicants must meet one of the following criteria before their enrollment date* at Ritsumeikan University. Applicants admitted into the University in the prospect of satisfying one of the requirements below should fulfill the requirement before the enrollment date; otherwise, the offer of admission will be revoked. * Enrollment date: April 1 for April enrollment / September 26 for September enrollment. A. Have completed a standard 12-year course curriculum, or an equivalent curriculum as designated by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) B. Have completed a 12-year course curriculum at an international school accredited by an international accrediting organization (WASC, NEASC, Cognia, COBIS, CIS or ACSI) C. Have completed a 12-year course curriculum at a school for international students in Japan accredited by MEXT to be equivalent to a high school outside of Japan D. Possess a qualification of the International Baccalaureate Diploma, Abitur, Baccalaureate, GCE A-Level, International A-Level, or European Baccalaureate E. Have completed a standard 11-year education in one of the designated curriculums of countries specified by MEXT e.g., Belarus, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Peru, Russia, Sudan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan F. Have completed school education in a country where the curriculum is shorter than 12 years and have completed a Japanese pre-university preparatory course accredited by MEXT G. Have passed an exam demonstrating equivalent academic ability to completion of a standard 12-year course curriculum outside Japan and have reached 18 years of age e.g., General Educational Development (GED) H. Have passed the High School Equivalency Exam (高等学校卒業程度認定試験) provided by MEXT in Japan and have reached 18 years of age I. Have been recognized, through an individual review by Ritsumeikan University, as having an academic ability equivalent to or greater than that of a person who has completed high school, from their academic background and other qualifications and have reached 18 years of age *The University recognizes applicants who graduate from Korean senior schools (朝鮮高級学校 Chosen Kokyu Gakko) as having met this requirement. NOTE Applicants who have completed a standard 12-year curriculum in less than 12 years with appropriate reasons, such as grade skipping or early graduation, will be regarded as having met the requirement. The following do not meet JD Program application eligibility requirements: - Criteria F and H. - Completion of an upper secondary course in a specialized training college (専修学校の高等課程). Inquiry regarding eligibility Applicants who wish to request an individual review of university entrance eligibility, or are unsure whether they meet the eligibility requirement, must contact the International Admissions Office three weeks prior to the start date of the application period. Visit this page to place an inquiry. 2. English Language Proficiency English Test Score In order to demonstrate sufficient English ability, applicants must take one of the tests listed below and achieve the minimum score indicated below. The English tests must have been taken within the two-year period before the last date of the application period that the applicant applies in and the test score must be available during the application period. The University does not accept the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition or the TOEFL® Essentials™ Test. The University only accepts TOEFL iBT® scores from a single test date, not MyBest® scores. The University does not accept IELTS Online. IELTS One Skill Retake is not acceptable. The University does not accept institutional tests such as the TOEIC® IP Test. GLA TOEFL iBT®Test 0-120 scale (Test taken before Jan. 21, 2026) 81 with 16 in Reading & Listening, 19 in Writing & Speaking TOEFL iBT®Test 1-6 scale (Test taken from Jan. 21, 2026) 4 with 3.5 in Reading, Listening, & Speaking, 4 in Writing IELTS Academic Module 6.5 with 6.0 in each component PTE Academic 64 with 60 in each of the communicative skills Cambridge C1 Advanced 169 with 163 in Reading & Listening, 170 in Writing, 179 in Speaking To commence taking courses offered by The Australian National University (ANU), students are required to undergo an admission evaluation conducted by ANU after entering Ritsumeikan University. For details regarding the English language requirements and other eligibility criteria necessary to undergo the admission evaluation by ANU, please refer to section 10. Notes for Applicants GLA (1) in the Application Handbook . JD Program TOEFL iBT®Test 0-120 scale (Test taken before Jan. 21, 2026) 85 TOEFL iBT®Test 1-6 scale (Test taken from Jan. 21, 2026) 4 IELTS Academic Module 6.5 PTE Academic 60 Cambridge B2 First 176 Cambridge C1 Advanced 176 Cambridge C2 Proficiency 176 SAT EBRW section 610 ACT English Score 25 Duolingo English Test 120 GS Major TOEFL iBT®Test 0-120 scale (Test taken before Jan. 21, 2026) 76 TOEFL iBT®Test 1-6 scale (Test taken from Jan. 21, 2026) 4 IELTS Academic Module 6.0 Duolingo English Test 110 CRPS Major TOEFL iBT®Test 0-120 scale (Test taken before Jan. 21, 2026) 72 TOEFL iBT®Test 1-6 scale (Test taken from Jan. 21, 2026) 4 IELTS Academic Module 5.5 Duolingo English Test 105 ISSE Course TOEFL iBT®Test 0-120 scale (Test taken before Jan. 21, 2026) 72 TOEFL iBT®Test 1-6 scale (Test taken from Jan. 21, 2026) 4 IELTS Academic Module 5.5 TOEIC ® L&R Test 730 Duolingo English Test 105 Score Waiver Submission of English test scores listed above is not required of applicants who meet the waiver criteria stated below. For details on documents to be submitted instead of the English test scores, please consult the Application Handbook , "7.(3) Submission of Application Documents". GLA Applicants who meet one of the following requirements. a. Citizenship and Prior Education: Citizens of a Group A Country who have undertaken at least one year of full-time (or equivalent) year 11 and/or year 12 (or equivalent) senior secondary education in English at a recognized institution in the national education system (or equivalent) of a Group A Country. Group A Countries: U.S., UK, American Samoa, Australia, Botswana, Canada (excluding Quebec), Fiji, Ghana, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Zambia, Zimbabwe b. International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma: Applicants who complete the IB Diploma taught and assessed entirely in English except for courses focused on the development of knowledge and skills in a language other than English. *Applicants who have not yet completed the diploma at the time of application must request the International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO) to send their final IB results directly to Ritsumeikan University after receiving an offer of admission and before enrollment. If the applicant does not obtain the Diploma, the offer of admission will be revoked. NOTE To commence taking courses offered by The Australian National University (ANU), students are required to undergo an admission evaluation conducted by ANU after entering Ritsumeikan University. For details regarding the English language requirements and other eligibility criteria necessary to undergo the admission evaluation by ANU, please refer to section 10. Notes for Applicants GLA (1) in the Application Handbook . JD Program Applicants with educational backgrounds as stated in a. or b. below. a. Four years of study (grades 9, 10, 11, and 12 or equivalent) in U.S. regionally-accredited or IB, CXC or UK curricula (inside or outside the U.S.), where English is the only medium of instruction AND no ESL courses have been taken. b. Four years of study (grades 9, 10, 11 and 12 or equivalent) in the selected English-speaking countries listed below or in the educational systems of these countries (regardless of location) where English is the only medium of instruction AND no ESL courses have been taken. Selected English speaking countries include: U.S., UK and Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Australia, New Zealand, Canada (except Quebec), Singapore, Ghana, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, South Africa, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and these countries in the Caribbean (Anguilla, Antigua & Barbuda, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Montserrat, Saint Helena, Saint Kitts & Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent & Grenadines, Trinidad & Tobago, Turks & Caicos Islands, U.S. Virgin Islands) GS Major, CRPS Major, and ISSE Course Applicants whose most recent 6 years of formal education before the enrollment date were conducted and instructed only in English. 3. Nationality / Visa Status (GLA only) Due to the Australian Commonwealth legislation, Australian domestic students are not eligible to apply through Ritsumeikan University and must instead apply through ANU. An applicant is considered an Australian domestic student if they are one of the following: a. Australian citizen b. New Zealand citizen or a diplomatic or consular representative of New Zealand, a member of the staff of such a representative or the spouse or dependent relative of such a representative, excluding those with Australian citizenship (Note: includes any such persons who have Permanent Resident status) c. Australian permanent resident d. Australian permanent humanitarian visa holder However, Australian domestic students who hold citizenship of a country other than Australia or New Zealand, including dual citizens, are eligible to apply through Ritsumeikan University. Applicants who meet this criterion are advised to review additional conditions in section 10. Notes for Applicants GLA (4) in the Application Handbook . When and How to Apply 1. Download and Consult Application Handbook The Application Handbook is a central reference for the whole application process, from the start of your application to your enrollment at Ritsumeikan University. Download Documents 2. Check Application Period GLA Enrollment Period Dates April 2027 1 2026/8/19 Wed - 2026/9/8 Tue September 2027 1 2026/10/14 Wed - 2026/11/2 Mon 2 2026/12/2 Wed - 2027/1/12 Tue 3 2027/2/17 Wed - 2027/3/9 Tue JD Program Enrollment Period Dates April 2027 2 2026/8/19 Wed - 2026/9/8 Tue GS Major Enrollment Period Dates April 2027 1 2026/8/19 Wed - 2026/9/8 Tue September 2027 1 2026/12/2 Wed - 2027/1/12 Tue 2 2027/2/17 Wed - 2027/3/9 Tue CRPS Major Enrollment Period Dates September 2027 1 2026/12/2 Wed - 2027/1/12 Tue 2 2027/2/17 Wed - 2027/3/9 Tue ISSE Course Enrollment Period Dates April 2027 2 2026/8/19 Wed - 2026/9/8 Tue 3. Create Your Account on Online Application System Applications must be submitted via the online application system called The Admissions Office (TAO). Please access TAO here to create and activate your account. Access TAO NOTE By creating an account on TAO, applicants agree to the terms of use and handling of personal information designated by TAO Co.,Ltd. See also: Help for applicants on TAO 4. Register Application on TAO Applications can only be submitted during each application period. Before starting your application, please set the TAO website language to English. After creating a TAO account, select Ritsumeikan University and the program to start the application. Separate applications are required when applying to multiple programs. 5. Submit Documents Fill in the necessary information and submit the required documents online through TAO. For full details on what to submit and how, please consult the Application Handbook "7.(3) Submission of Application Documents". Examples of Application Documents Certificate of (Scheduled) High School / Senior Secondary Graduation Academic Transcripts Documents Proving English Language Proficiency Application Essay(s) The topic of each essay and the number of essays required for each program can be found in the Application Handbook. Letter(s) of Reference - GLA / JD Program / GS Major / CRPS Major : 1 letter - ISSE Course : 2 letters Send a request for the letter(s) of reference to your referee(s) via TAO. The letters must be directly submitted to TAO applications by referees. See also: Application Handbook See also: FAQ page 6. Pay Application Fee Fee Amount: 5,000 JPY per program. For full details, please consult the Application Handbook "7.(4) Application Fee". 7. Completion of Application Once completing an application, you must click the "Complete my application" button and confirm the application status has changed to "Application Completed". You are able to click the "Complete my application" button if you have successfully: Had your referee(s) submit the letter(s) of reference via TAO Paid the application fee by the application deadline Submitted all required documents Important Notes The University will contact applicants through the online application system and/or e-mail. It is the applicant's responsibility to regularly check e-mail communication and the online application system, and respond in a timely manner. Submission of application documents and payment of application fee(s) must be completed by the end of each application deadline. The University will NOT accept applications submitted after the application period. 8. Screening and Notification of Results GLA The decision on an application will be made based on a review of application documents. Enrollment Period Final Result April 2027 1 2026/10/29 Thu September 2027 1 2026/12/24 Thu 2 2027/3/4 Thu 3 2027/4/30 Fri JD Program An overall assessment will be made based on the 1st screening (document screening) and the 2nd screening (interview). An interview will be conducted for applicants shortlisted in the 1st screening. Assessment will be made by both Ritsumeikan University and American University. Enrollment Period 1st Screening Result Interview (if shortlisted) Final Result April 2027 1 2026/4/30 Thu 2026/5/9 Sat, 2026/5/10 Sun 2026/5/21 Thu 2 2026/10/29 Thu 2026/11/14 Sat, 2026/11/15 Sun. 2026/11/26 Thu GS Major An overall assessment will be made based on a document screening alone, or a document screening and interview. An interview will be conducted for invited applicants. Enrollment Period Final Result / Call for Interview Interview (If required) Final Result April 2027 1 2026/10/29 Thu 2026/11/14 Sat, 2026/11/15 Sun 2026/11/26 Thu September 2027 1 2027/3/4 Thu 2027/3/13 Sat, 2027/3/14 Sun 2027/3/25 Thu 2 2027/4/30 Fri 2027/5/8 Sat, 2027/5/9 Sun 2027/5/20 Thu CRPS Major An overall assessment will be made based on the 1st screening (document screening) and the 2nd screening (interview). An interview will be conducted for applicants shortlisted in the 1st screening. Enrollment Period 1st Screening Result Interview (if shortlisted) Final Result September 2027 1 2027/3/4 Thu 2027/3/13 Sat, 2027/3/14 Sun 2027/3/25 Thu 2 2027/4/30 Fri 2027/5/8 Sat, 2027/5/9 Sun 2027/5/20 Thu ISSE Course An overall assessment will be made based on the 1st screening (document screening) and the 2nd screening (interview). An interview will be conducted for applicants shortlisted in the 1st screening. Enrollment Period 1st Screening Result Interview (if shortlisted) Final Result April 2027 1 2026/4/30 Thu 2026/5/9 Sat, 2026/5/10 Sun 2026/5/21 Thu 2 2026/10/29 Thu 2026/11/14 Sat, 2026/11/15 Sun 2026/11/26 Thu Interviews will be either a web-based interview or a telephone interview. Please refer to the Application Handbook for details. See also: Application Handbook See also: FAQ page See also: TAO Tutorial Video Applying to Multiple Programs / Applying Multiple Times Applying to Multiple Programs at the Same Time When applying to other English-medium undergraduate programs offered at Ritsumeikan University during the same application period, applicants must upload application documents and pay the application fee for each program. Applicants do not need to prepare different letters of reference for each program as one can be used for all applications. ISSE Course: Applicants must prepare an additional letter of reference when applying to the ISSE Course, as the ISSE Course requires two letters of reference, while other programs only require one. Applying in More Than One Application Period There are multiple application periods set via this admission method and applicants can apply in more than one application period. In this case, applicants must upload application documents and pay the application fee for each application period. Applicants do not need to prepare different letters of reference for each application period, as one can be used for all application periods in the same enrollment year. After Admission For Incoming Students Once you are admitted to a program at Ritsumeikan University, you must take the necessary steps according to our instructions. Please refer to the information in the following page: Incoming Students For Counselors / Teachers Documents that can be directly submitted by the school *Optional The following documents can be submitted by the school on behalf of the applicant. In this case, applicants must send a request to the school via TAO for the school to upload these documents to TAO. Certificate of (Scheduled) High School / Senior Secondary Graduation *If necessary, a template for 'Certificate of (Scheduled) High School Graduation' can be downloaded here . Academic Transcripts English Language Test Score Waiver Request Form Access TAO *Please also refer to Help for recommenders/requestees on TAO. Letter(s) of Reference Ritsumeikan University (RU) requests letters of reference for applicants. Applicants send requests for the letters to their referees on the application system (TAO). When counselors/teachers receive a request from an applicant, an automatic email will be sent from TAO. A recommender account must be created with the same email address to which the request was sent. There is a designated field in the form if the referee chooses to upload their own format as well. After filling out the form, please confirm that the status is "Submitted" . The letter must be written in English. Please note that RU may contact the referee for confirmation. Access TAO See also: TAO Tutorial Video *Please also refer to Help for recommenders/requestees on TAO. Admissions Results This document summarizes screening results for all English-medium undergraduate programs through AO Admissions (English Basis). 2025 Admissions Results 2026 Admissions Results Summaries of Admissions Results 2026 GLA JD Program GS Major CRPS Major ISSE Course International Admissions Office 56-1 Toji-in Kitamachi, Kita-ku, Kyoto 603-8577 JAPAN Page Top Site Policy | Privacy Policy © Ritsumeikan Univ. All rights reserved.