Languages 日本語 한국어 입시정보 中文 Bahasa Indonesia Incoming Students How to Apply Application Guide Download Documents Programs Events & Webinars Menu TOP How to Apply Application Guide Download Documents Programs Events & Webinars About Ritsumeikan University At a Glance Campus Locations Global Network Student Life Academic Calendar Accommodations Daily Life Opportunities Beyond Japan Student Voices Financial Info Tuition & Fees Scholarships Cost of Living Brochure Download Videos FAQ & Contact Incoming Students Languages 日本語 한국어 입시정보 中文 Bahasa Indonesia Financial Info Tuition & Fees Scholarships Cost of Living Scholarships Ritsumeikan University provides a range of financial support for international students. It also supports applications for scholarships offered by external organizations such as the Japan Student Service Organization (JASSO). Scholarships before Enrollment Scholarships after Enrollment Scholarships for GLA Students Scholarships for JD Students Scholarship from the Japanese government Scholarships available BEFORE Enrollment at RU The Ritsumeikan University Tuition Reduction Scheme Tuition Reduction Category Amount of Tuition Reduction Number of Students Accepted Eligibility Period Undergraduate Category I 100% Reduction Ex.) 1,469,200 JPY → 0 JPY Top 10% or less of the admissions capacity Those who possess the status of residence "Student" by the time of enrollment. Program-specific notes: ・For GLA, only Undergraduate Category I is applicable. ・For JDP, reductions apply only during periods of study and tuition payment at Ritsumeikan University. One Year Undergraduate Category II 50% Reduction Ex.) 1,469,200 JPY → 734,600 JPY The next 10% or less of the admissions capacity Undergraduate Category III 20% Reduction Ex.) 1,469,200 JPY → 1,175,360 JPY All other admitted students not receiving a Category I or II reduction * The above chart indicates Tuition Reduction Scholarship allotment for the first year of study. The 1st Year: decided based on admission result. The 2nd Year and onwards: decided based on the grades of each year. The examples above indicate the annual tuition for GS Major students enrolling in 2027. The Tuition Reduction scheme from the 2028 academic year onward is currently undecided. Please understand that changes from the current configuration, including but not limited to partial discontinuation or revamping of the scheme, may be instituted. For students of the College of Global Liberal Arts For students of the JD program (Ritsumeikan University Home) Scholarships available AFTER Enrollment at RU Examples of other scholarships available for international students after enrollment: JASSO scholarship: 48,000 yen/month International Students Assistance Scholarship by RU Faculty/Staff: 250,000yen/year Application for the above scholarships can be made after enrollment. Details will be explained at the information sessions each semester. For further information on this scholarship, please refer to this page. Scholarships for students of the College of Global Liberal Arts 700,000 JPY (College of Global Liberal Arts Scholarship for Study Abroad * ) 300,000 JPY (Ritsumeikan University Study Abroad Challenge Scholarship * ) * This scholarship will be provided to all students who study at The Australian National University in this Dual degree program. * Students cannot receive it in combination with other scholarships specified in university policies. * Subject to change. Scholarships for students of the JD program (Ritsumeikan University Home) *This information is for students who start their study at Ritsumeikan University (RU Home). If you would like to apply to the program as an AU Home Student (starting from American University), please visit the AU School of International Service (SIS) website. In recognition of their academic excellence, AU will award RU Home Students a scholarship of 30% of their AU tuition for the first two semesters at AU. RU Home Students must maintain a certain GPA requirement, assessed initially after the first two semesters at AU, and then each semester thereafter, to maintain the award. *RU Home Students are not eligible for any other merit-based scholarships through the AU Admissions Office. RU will also offer Ritsumeikan University Study Abroad Challenge Scholarship (JPY 500,000/semester) to RU Home Students who meet the conditions and achieve required academic scores at RU. The Scholarship will be paid for a maximum of two years (4 semesters) during their study in AU. *Subject to change. Further details can be found here: https://www.ritsumei.ac.jp/ir/eng/jdp/admission_tuition/ Scholarship from the Japanese government MEXT University Recommendation Scholarship, Special Selection The MEXT University Recommendation Scholarship, Special Selection is a highly competitive and prestigious comprehensive "full-ride" scholarship sponsored by the government of Japan. As indicated by the name, an applicant must be recommended by Ritsumeikan University to MEXT, or as it's formally known, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan (known as the "Monbukagakusho" in Japanese), in order to be considered for the scholarship. For further information on this scholarship, please refer to this page. International Admissions Office 56-1 Toji-in Kitamachi, Kita-ku, Kyoto 603-8577 JAPAN Page Top Site Policy | Privacy Policy © Ritsumeikan Univ. All rights reserved.