Skip to main content Services Status Header Login EN IT Toggle language menu Skip to main content Navigazione principale PoliTO PoliTO Toggle submenu Politecnico di Torino Go to page PoliTO About us Politecnico at a glance Strategy An international University Equity, welfare and inclusion Sustainable campus Career Hub Work with us Quality Communication and press office Donations Education Education Toggle submenu Education Go to page Education Applying, studying, graduating Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Ph.D. programmes and Postgraduate School Specializing Master's programmes and lifelong learning International students Services and life at Politecnico PoliTO+ Learning Experiences Teaching Lab Quality of education Research Research Toggle submenu Research Go to page Research Scenario Ecosystem Research funding Results Principles and policies Events and opportunities Orizzonti Working in research Qualità della ricerca Innovation Innovation Toggle submenu Innovation Go to page Innovation Technology Transfer System Corporate relations Connecting research to the market Entrepreneurship training Qualità della Terza Missione Social impact Social impact Toggle submenu Social impact Go to page Social impact PoliTO per il Sociale 2030 Agenda Culture Biennale Tecnologia PoliTO libraries Prometeo - Tech Cultures Theseus Center Masterplan Qualità della Terza Missione Search Search Information for Info for Prospective students Students International students Graduates PhD candidates Professors and researchers Staff Institutions and companies Header Login EN IT Toggle language menu Search Education Skip to main content Applying, studying, graduating Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Ph.D. programmes and Postgraduate School Specializing Master's programmes and lifelong learning International students Services and life at Politecnico PoliTO+ Learning Experiences Teaching Lab Quality of education Breadcrumb Home Education Applying, studying, graduating Admissions and enrolment Bachelor's degree programmes Applicants with a non-Italian qualification ... Applicants with a non-Italian qualification - Bachelor's degree programmes A.Y. 26/27 CIMEA Services Closure Services will be suspended during the following periods: July 19-26 (inclusive) August 23-30 (inclusive) During these periods, it will not be possible to submit new requests. Ongoing applications will continue to be processed regularly. We strongly recommend submitting your request well in advance of academic-related deadlines. ADMISSION PROCESS Discover all the steps that you need to follow for admission to our Bachelor's degree programmes by visiting the dedicated page. All About Admissions ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS In the Calls for applications for admission you can find all the information regarding the admission test (TIL test) with calendars and deadlines, registration procedures and admission requirements. Please note that the Italian version of the Calls shall constitute the sole authentic text and will be referred to for any legal matter. The Call for applications for admission to the Bachelor's degree programme in Architettura-Architecture for a.y. 2026/27 will be published in spring, as result of the decisions made by the Minisry of University and Research at national level. For admission to our Bachelor's degree programmes you need: 1) a secondary high school diploma (level 4 EQF) earned after at least 12 years of school attendance For applicants with a secondary school diploma awarded after less than 12 years of school attendance: secondary high school diploma awarded after 11 years of school attendance + all first-year university exams completed with a passing grade or secondary high school diploma awarded after 10 years of school attendance + all first and second-year university exams completed with a passing grade or secondary high school diploma awarded after 10 or 11 years of school attendance + a post secondary qualification awarded by a non-university institution in a field of study related to the Bachelor's degree programme chosen by the applicant or secondary high school diploma awarded after 10 or 11 years of school attendance + passing preparatory courses (Foundation Course) at an Italian university. See the lis of Foundation Courses accepted by Politecnico in the Annex to the CALLS FOR APPLICATION and in the chart below. Foundation courses may also be accepted if delivered by a foreign higher education institution recognized and/or accredited in the foreign system and, at the same time, proven to be official qualifications. Politecnico di Torino evaluates the Foundation Course certificate and decides on its eligibility for admission. List of approved Foundation courses Institution Area Università Ca' Foscari Economics Humanities and Arts Science Architecture, Art & Design Università Pavia Humanities Sciences and medicine Economics, Law and Politics Università di Pisa Science Humanities Università di Torino Percorso da 60 cfu Università La Sapienza Science Humanities Università per Stranieri di Siena Area umanistica Area tecnico-scientifica Area economica Università di Parma Curriculum generale Università di Siena Economic-business Università Tor Vergata Social Sciences Natural Sciences Università degli studi di Brescia Ingegneria e Sistemi Agricoli Sostenibili Medicina Economia e Giurisprudenza Università degli studi di Sassari Umanistica Tecnico-scientifica Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma Medicina Ingegneria Biomedica IED Italian creativity and Design RUFA Arte e design NABA Arte e design LUISS Social Sciences (Economia e Giurisprudenza) LUMSA Generico (*)The University reserves the right to evaluate the suitability of any additional Foundation Courses, both Italian and foreign, not included in this list Applicants who have the following qualifications can enrol at Politecnico: U.S. High School Diploma with at least 3 Advanced Placements (APs) with scores ranging from 3 to 5 in three different subjects related to the Bachelor's degree programme chosen by the applicant. Students who have a High School Diploma followed and supplemented by a full year of subsequent academic studies, even if attended at university institutions in a third country, may also be admitted (for the list of subjects see the Annexes of the Calls for application s) or British qualification: General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level) / International General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level)/ International Advanced Level, if they certify that the student passed at least three subjects at an advanced level (A level) with a passing grade in different subjects related to the chosen degree programnme (for the list of subjects see the Annexes of the Calls for applications ) or Scottish secondary high school diploma , with a passing grade in at least 3 Advanced Highers or, alternatively, 2 Advanced Highers and at least 4 Highers in different subjects related to the chosen degree programme (for the list of subjects see the Annexes of the Calls for applications ) or International Baccalaureate Diploma released by a school institution recognized by the International Baccalaureate Organisation (IBO) according to the specifications indicated in the Annexes of the Calls for applications. 2) For Countries where a national entrance examination for higher education admission is compulsory, applicants must upload a certificate attesting that the national admission test has been passed (for ex: YKS, Concurso Vestibular, Gao Kao - minimum score 400 for Marco Polo students, Pruebas de Selectividad, Veveosi Prosvasis, ecc). 3) Language certificate required by the degree programme chosen by the applicant (see language requirements paragraph) 4) Passing the TIL admission test or submitting a SAT score (SAT is NOT VALID for Architecture) . Specific requirements can be found in the Calls for application Admission tests and required knowledge Calls for applications, Regulations and Ranking Lists LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS BACHELOR'S DEGREE PROGRAMMES MINIMUM REQUIREMENT English-taught programmes English Level B2 or above Italian-taught programmes Italian Level B2 or above CERTIFICATES LANGUAGE ACCEPTED CERTIFICATES ITALIAN please refer to the following table (click to open) ENGLISH please refer to the following table (click to open) Table of 23/09/2019 updated on 22/12/2022 * For TOEFL/TOEIC certificates, applicants must indicate the code C285 to share the results with the Politecnico di Torino. For Cambridge certificates, applicants must select the option to share the results with the Politecnico di Torino and indicate the Candidate's ID number (see LINK ) CASES OF EXEMPTION LANGUAGE CASES OF EXEMPTION ITALIAN Italian citizens residing in Italy Applicants who have a final diploma from a upper secondary school of the Republic of San Marino Applicants who submit an official declaration/certificate written on official stamped letter headed paper, which certifies that: the applicant attended at least one school year at a high school in which the medium of instruction is Italian the applicant has an Italian qualification ( attestato di conclusione della scuola primaria, licenza conclusiva del primo ciclo di istruzione, diploma di maturità or higher qualification) the applicant has one of the qualifications listed in Annex 2 to the " Procedures For Entry, Residency And Enrolment Of International Students And The Respective Recognition Of Qualifications For Higher Education Courses In Italy " in compliance with the specifications indicated for each qualification with regard to Italian language requirements. Certificates accepted or exemptions with regard to verification of knowledge of the Italian language at Politecnico di Torino Applicants are required to meet the language requirements/exemptions stated in the calls for applications in force when the admission process to Politecnico Bachelor's degree programmes begins, regardless of any subsequent amendments to this table. ENGLISH IB Diploma (International Baccalaureate https://www.ibo.org/programmes/diploma-programme/ ) only if the entire path is taught in English, except foreign languages High school diploma awarded by one of the European Schools referred in Annex 2 to the Procedures for entry, residency and enrolment of international students and the respective recognition of qualifications, for higher education courses in Italy - Attachment 2 * , only if the first language (L1) is English Non-Italian qualification recognized by the Italian Ministry of University and Research as equivalent to the Italian high school diploma (diploma di maturità), or university degree awarded by a school/university in which the medium of instruction is English and issued by USA, UK, Canada, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand, wherever the school/ university is located. Non-Italian qualification recognized by the Italian Ministry of University and Research as equivalent to the Italian high school diploma (diploma di maturità), or university degree awarded by a school/university in which the medium of instruction is English, only if based in one of the countries listed in the Annexes of the Calls for application and here below: AFRICA: Botswana, Cameroon, Gambia, Gabon, Ghana, Kenya, Eswatini, Lesotho, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Togo, Uganda, Tanzania, Zambia. ASIA: Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, India, Malaysia, Maldives, Pakistan, Singapore, Sri Lanka. CARIBBEAN AND AMERICAS: Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Canada, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, United States. EUROPE: Cyprus, Malta, United Kingdom, Ireland. PACIFIC: Australia, Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu. WARNING! If you need to apply for a Student Visa please also check the information on language certificates published in the pre-enrolment paragraph REGISTRATION AND LOG IN Enter your personal information exactly as it appears in your passport. After registering, you will receive an email containing a confirmation link and your username and password. Log in to the application form using the credentials provided by email. If you do not receive the email, please check your junk/spam folder. The application form takes approximately 20 minutes to complete. There is no time limit, and you may fill it out in multiple sessions. It is very important that you carefully fill in the PERSONAL INFORMATION section of your application and enter correctly your CITIZENSHIP and PERMANENT ADDRESS. Submitting a complete and accurate application is your responsibility . Submit your application by clicking the SUBMIT button before the deadlines (admission test calendar or SAT deadline). Do not wait until the last minute and check that your application has been submitted correctly. Your application will be processed only if successfully submitted . Be honest: providing false, copied, or incomplete information will lead to immediate rejection. Register online Login DOCUMENTS Required documents: Passport * (other IDs are accepted only for EU nationals) Residence permit * (only for non-EU citizens living in Italy) Secondary school diploma and/or supplementary certificates mentioned below* Certificate stating that the applicant passed the national admission test (only for countries where university admissions are regulated by a specific admission test)* English and/or Italian language certificate necessary for enrolment (see dedicated paragraph above ) Self-certificate of enrolment with exams passed at another Italian university (if applicable) * Compulsory document DOCUMENTS FORMAT: Documents must be issued on letter headed paper, stamped and signed by the issuing Institution. Digitally signed documents are accepted only if they can be verified online through a QR code or verification link. Documents issued in Italian, English, French or Spanish are accepted. If your documents are in other languages, merge the original document and its official translation in English/Italian into a single file and upload the merged document. Passport or other I.D. : Only IDs written in the Latin alphabet are accepted. If your ID uses a different alphabet, you must provide an official Italian or English translation. English and/or Italian language certificate OR in case of valid exemption , official statement issued by the school/university in which it is certified that the Medium of instruction is English. For TOEFL/TOEIC certificates, you must indicate the code C285 to share your results with Politecnico di Torino. For Cambridge certificates, you must select the option to share the results with Politecnico di Torino and indicate your Candidate's ID number (see LINK ) Secondary high school diploma (level 4 EQF) : if you still have to get your final diploma or the supplementary certificates mentioned below, please upload an official provisional document: e.g. an updated version of your school records, a certificate of enrolment in APs/A level courses, a document issued by your current school stating your expected date of graduation. Please upload all supplementary certificates required for U.S., U.K. and Scottish Diploma (listed in a specific Annex of the Calls for applications and in the paragraph: ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS). If you have a secondary school diploma awarded after a period of less than 12 years of school attendance : university transcript of records (with official translation into Italian/English) with the results of the exams passed in the first academic year or in the first 2 years; or post-secondary qualification (with official translation into Italian/English) awarded by a non-university institution in a field of study related to the Bachelor's degree programme you have chosen; or successful completion of a Foundation Course (see list of accepted foundation courses in the Annexes to the CALLS FOR APPLICATION ) We do not require hard copies at this stage. You can upload your documents directly to the online application ( PDF recommended , or JPEG/PNG). Do not send any documents by post. Enrolment Procedure - A.Y. 2026/27 The enrolment procedure requires that all applicants comply with the mandatory deadlines indicated in the Calls for applications and in the Enrolment Regulations Bachelor's degree programmes A.Y. 2026/27 . The enrolment requirements are listed in Annex B and C of the Calls for applications Applicants with a non-Italian educational qualification must meet the language requirements by the following deadlines: Friday 22nd May 2026 for non-EU applicants residing abroad and requiring visa; Monday 20th July 2026 for EU applicants and Equivalent applicants; Wednesday 15th July 2026 for Architecture applicants Before these deadlines, applicants are required to fill in the "LANGUAGE SKILLS" section of the Apply@polito platform entering the information on their English language certificate and/or Italian language certificate required for admission. Failure to upload the documents before the deadline entails enrolment cancellation with immediate effect on prior academic progress. UPLOADING YOUR COMPULSORY ENROLMENT DOCUMENTS If you have reserved the student place by the deadlines and meet the language requirements you must enrol online by Wednesday 30th September 2026 at 2.00 p.m. Moreover, you must upload the following documents by 30th September 2026 at 2 p.m. to your personal page of the Teaching Portal (from the sidebar select "Career" - "Career Attachments Management" portlet). The documents will be checked before 11th November 2026. Until Politecnico completes this verification, these students are enrolled with condition. Enrolment with condition is shown on the student's personal page of the Teaching Portal (from the sidebar select "Home" - "Remarks"). During this period, students have limited access to the services available on their personal page of the Teaching Portal (for instance, they cannot request enrolment certificates, they cannot register for an exam etc.). 1 ID card (for EU citizens) or Passport (for non-EU citizens) 2 Residence permit (for non-EU citizens who reside in Italy) 3 Student Visa - type D (Immatricolazione Università" tipo D "nazionale") for non-EU citizens who do not reside in Italy 4 Fiscal code (Codice fiscale) issued by the Italian Income Authority (Agenzia delle Entrate) or by the Embassy/Consulate for applicants who do not reside in Italy 5 Secondary school diploma (level 4 EQF) with official translation into Italian/English (Official diplomas issued by the school in English, French or Spanish do not need to be translated) Supplementary certificates for U.S., U.K. and Scottish Diploma : High School Diploma (HSD) + certificate stating that the applicant passed 3 Advanced Placement courses (APs), as specified in Calls for application UK qualifications General Certificate of Education (GCE) and International General Certificate of Education (IGCE) + certificate stating that the applicant passed 3 A-levels, as specified in the Calls for application Scottish qualifications + certificate stating that the applicant passed 3 Advanced Highers , or, alternatively, 2 Advanced Highers + at least 4 Highers, as specified in the Calls for application For applicants with Secondary school diploma awarded after a period of less than 12 years of school attendance : university transcript of records (with official translation into Italian/English) with the results of the exams passed in the first academic year or in the first 2 years; OR post-secondary qualification (with official translation into Italian/English) awarded by a non-university institution in a field of study related to the Bachelor's degree programme chosen by the applicant; OR or successful completion of a Foundation Course accepted by PoliTO 6 Certificate stating that the applicant passed the national admission test: only for countries in which university admissions are regulated by a specific admission test 7 Dichiarazione di valore (Statement of Validity) of the high school diploma or Attestato di Comparabilità (Statement of Comparability) issued by CIMEA or by other ENIC-NARIC centres (this applies only in the absence of services provided by CIMEA). The so called "Attestato di Corrispondenza" (Certificate of Correspondence) obtained on the ARDI platform substitutes the Statement of Comparability issued by CIMEA. In any case, please note that the correspondence provided by ARDI is based on a standard foreign qualification system and not on specific cases. For this reason, Politecnico reserves itself the right to ask the applicant additional documents for the verification of his/her non-Italian qualification (such as the Attestato di Verifica CIMEA). For this reason, applicants are encouraged to present the Attestato di Verifica CIMEA in order to speed up the evaluation process 8 Language certificate (Italian and/or English) required for admission (already uploaded for student place reservation) The above-mentioned documents (official certificates and post-secondary diplomas) do not need to be translated into Italian if they are issued in English, French or Spanish. PLEASE NOTE: the Italian version shall constitute the sole authentic text and will be referred to for any legal matter. Politecnico di Torino is entitled to request students to show their original documents to the office front desk at any time. DOCUMENTS TRANSLATION AND LEGALIZATION "Official translation" means a translation that bears the stamp and original signature of an officially recognized translator. Translations into Italian must be: Certified by the Italian Embassy in the country of issue OR Sworn by the translator in a Court in Italy For information on the legalization of documents, you can consult the following page: CIMEA GLOSSARY STUDY VISA APPLICATION FOR NON-EU APPLICANTS NOT LIVING IN ITALY The Universitaly portal is open. If you are an international student living abroad and applying for a visa, you must submit the pre-enrollment application to obtain a study visa and enrol at Politecnico di Torino exclusively through the UNIVERSITALY portal. Check here if you fall under this category. When should you submit your pre-enrollment application? You must submit your application by 30 th June 2026. Tip: submit your application as soon as you know you have been admitted and you have all documents required, see below. Please note that these deadlines are indicative and are intended to encourage candidates to submit their application as early as possible once eligibility has been confirmed. The Universitaly portal remains open. How should you submit your pre-enrollment application? Register on the UNIVERSITALY portal and enter: your personal data exactly as indicated in your passport in step B "Account at the institution", your Apply username (FXXXXXX) the degree programme to which you have been admitted ( note that you may not find the programme in English in the Universitaly menu. The language of the programme is confirmed by the "eligibility confirmation" issued by Politecnico and by its presence in the course catalogue ) the "confirmation of eligibility" letter (available after the ranking is out in the "MAIN" section of your Politecnico application): NOT MANDATORY FOR POLITO the other required documents listed in the "Documents" section Check with the relevant diplomatic-consular representation for any additional documents. The embassy may require additional documents on top of the documents requested by Politecnico, such as: Declaration of Value / Certificate of Comparability and CIMEA Verification Certificate Language certificates Other specific documents for visa issuance Note: The Declaration of Value / Certificate of Comparability and the CIMEA Verification Certificate are not required by Politecnico di Torino at this stage. However, some embassies may request them for visa purposes. We therefore recommend uploading these documents, if available, to help facilitate the visa application process. They can be obtained either through the relevant diplomatic-consular authority or directly from CIMEA . Validation of your application Please do not open tickets requesting validation. Requests will be processed as soon as possible according to the enrolled students list. The pre-enrollment application is validated by Politecnico only if: You have passed the admission test (TIL I-D test) and have ENROLLED (if you have reserved a place or completed the enrolment process) as required by the specific CALLS FOR APPLICATIONS . You have a proper international certificate and have ENROLLED WITH INTERNATIONAL CERTIFICATE and have ENROLLED (if you have reserved a place or completed the enrolment process) as required by the specific CALLS FOR APPLICATION (article 13) You have passed the admission test (TIL-A test) and have ENROLLED as required by the specific CALL FOR APPLICATIONS ; publication of the ranking list to be defined You have attached your school documents (you must have obtained your high school diploma and attached the documentation proving it) and the language certificate required for admission to the programme you have chosen as required by the specific CALLS FOR APPLICATIONS . You have paid the first instalment of the tuition fees, as per the instructions in the ENROLLMENT section of your online application. Study Visa Request After your application has been validated, you must apply for a study visa at the relevant diplomatic-consular representation. If you are denied a visa, you will not be able to enrol at Politecnico di Torino. Important: Pre-enrollment is mandatory to obtain a type-D "study visa". The confirmation of eligibility does NOT replace the procedure on UNIVERSITALY. Admission to Politecnico does not automatically guarantee that you will obtain a visa. CREDIT TRANSFER If you have passed some exams at a non-Italian university and wish to enrol in a Bachelor's programme at Politecnico, you can request the recognition of the credits that you earned aborad. To do so, you must apply for credit transfer through your application form. Please read more below. CREDIT TRANSFER USEFUL INFO FOR YOUR ARRIVAL @ PoliTO Our welcome programme includes activities and initiatives aimed at facilitating your arrival and stay in Torino, providing the necessary information, and fostering a sense of belonging. By embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment, we encourage cultural exchange, enhance global perspectives, and enrich the overall educational experience for both international and national students. DISCOVER OUR WELCOME ACTIVITIES ACCOMMODATION - FISCAL CODE - RESIDENCE PERMIT - HEALTH INSURANCE ENROLMENT WITH CONDITION STUDENTS ENROLLED IN 2026/2027: GUIDELINES FOR SUBMITTING MISSING DOCUMENTS STUDENTS ENROLLED IN 2025/2026: GUIDELINES FOR SUBMITTING MISSING DOCUMENTS STUDENTS ENROLLED IN 2024/2025: GUIDELINES FOR SUBMITTING MISSING DOCUMENTS Statement of Validity, CIMEA Statement of Comparability and Diploma Supplement STATEMENT OF VALIDITY The Statement of Validity ( Dichiarazione di Valore ) is a document of transparency, written in Italian, which provides information on a specific qualification earned abroad and on its value in the issuing country (the official character of the issuing institution, requirements for admission to the relevant study course, length of course, etc.). Such a Statement is produced by the Italian diplomatic authorities (Embassies, Consulates) of territorial reference: territorial reference is defined as the Italian diplomatic authority closest to the city where the institution that awarded the qualification is located. All the documents to be presented in order to obtain the Statement of Validity must be requested at the relevant Italian diplomatic authority (Embassies/Consulates). CIMEA - " Diplome " service Politecnico di Torino is partner of CIMEA - the official Italian ENIC-NARIC Centre. CIMEA uses the "Diplo me " service to issue its Statement of Comparability and/or Statement of Verification making use of blockchain technology applied to the recognition of qualifications. By Comparability we mean the identification of the level of the foreign degree with reference to the cycles of the Bologna Process and the levels of the European Qualifications Framework. Through the Verification service CIMEA certifies that an Italian or foreign qualification of the Higher Education or secondary school system has actually been issued to the owner by an official body in the system of reference. In the case of positive feedback, CIMEA issued a Statement of Verification referring to the qualification which has been verified. CIMEA Statement of Comparability/Verification is uploaded to the digital "Wallet" of qualifications through the use of blockchain technology, thereby making this digital document transparent, transferable, certified and unchangeable. To learn about the details of the service and check https://cimea.diplo-me.eu . In order to ensure the best organization of the service and its effective management, we inform you that it will not be possible to request the CIMEA certification service during certain periods. The scheduled dates for the interruption of the service in the coming months are the following: • from April 17 to 27 (included) • from August 10 to 20 (included) The Certificate of Correspondence processed through the ARDI database replaces the CIMEA Certificate of Comparability . However, it is important to remember that the correspondence evaluation reported in ARDI is based on the foreign qualification as a whole and not on individual and specific cases. The university reserves the right to request additional documentation to support the usual procedures for verifying foreign qualifications (e.g., CIMEA Statement of Verification). For this reason, the CIMEA Statement of Verification is strongly recommended to streamline the evaluation procedures DIPLOMA SUPPLEMENT European Countries that have adhered to the "Bologna Process" have also committed to produce, alongside their own higher education qualifications, an extra document known as the Diploma Supplement (DS). The DS is not a further qualification, but a particular certification produced following a template which was agreed upon by the three principal international organizations of European breadth (The Council of Europe, UNESCO - Europe region, European Union). The European DS model envisages that it be drafted in two or more languages (the national language of the Country in question and at least one commonly-spoken foreign language, such as English), and that it provides a whole list of very detailed information. The information is grouped into 8 categories, which run from the personal details of the qualification holder, to the level of the qualification itself, the curriculum (list of subjects and, if possible, their principal contents), the rights it bestows (utilization for further studies or in the workplace), to the type of issuing institution, and to an abbreviated description of the higher education system it belongs to. Choosing a degree programme tuition fees and FINANCIAL AID Politecnico at a glance Navigate this section Applying, studying, graduating Choosing a degree programme The Italian university system Fairs and events Attività con le scuole Corsi di Orientamento WeAreHERe Goin'Connect -PoliTO Admissions and enrolment Bachelor's degree programmes Admission test Calls for application, Regulations and Ranking lists Applicants with a non-Italian qualification Master's degree programmes Applicants with an Italian qualification Architecture Area a.y. 2026/2027 Engineering Area, a.y. 2026/2027 Applicants with a non-Italian qualification Single courses Double enrolment in two degree programmes Academic experience Student careers Diritto allo studio e contribuzione studentesca Certificates and other documents Open Badge Credit transfer Student Smart Card Transfer to PoliTO from another university Curricular Internships Studying abroad Map of study abroad destinations Mobility Programmes Across Italian Universities Foreign language learning After graduation Alumni Career Hub Graduate internships Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Ph.D. programmes and Postgraduate School Specializing Master's programmes and lifelong learning International students Services and life at Politecnico PoliTO+ Learning Experiences Teaching Lab Quality of education Since 1859 our students have been changing the world. Support their idea of the future. Donate Skip to next section Piè di pagina Contact Maps Emergency Privacy policy Open competitions and selections Calls for tenders IT services Alumni Sign up for PoliTO newsletter Administration Transparency Albo online Atti di notifica Dichiarazione di accessibilità Cookie settings Politecnico di Torino | Corso Duca degli Abruzzi, 24 | 10129 Torino, ITALY | P.IVA/C.F. 00518460019 | PEC politecnicoditorino@pec.polito.it Social Instagram Linkedin Facebook Tiktok X-Twitter Youtube Telegram Threads Wechat OndeQuadre