Application Guidelines for October 2027 Enrollment KYOTO UNIVERSITY International Undergraduate Program (Kyoto iUP) Contents 1. Program Overview ...................................................................................................... 1 2. Eligibility Requirements ............................................................................................. 5 3. Admission Process ...................................................................................................... 6 4. Application and Enrollment Schedule ....................................................................... 7 5. Application Fee ............................................................................................................ 8 6. Application Documents ................................................................................................ 9 7. Completion of the Preparatory Course and Qualifying Tests ................................ 14 8. Scholarships and Support .......................................................................................... 14 9. Other Matters ............................................................................................................. 15 10. Contact Information ................................................................................................... 15 Appendix 1 (Acceptable Standardized Tests)........................................................... 16 Appendix 2 (Documents to be Submitted by March 16, 2027) ............................... 19 Notes: - These guidelines are correct as of July 1, 2026. Kyoto University reserves the right to make any necessary changes to matters such as application and tuition fees without prior notice. - All dates and times stated in this document are in Japan Standard Time (JST). 1 1. Program Overview Since its establishment in 1897, Kyoto University has endeavored to provide high- quality education and advance the frontiers of scientific research. Through its general and specialized education programs, it seeks to cultivate global leaders for the 21st century. Since its foundation, the university has maintained a tradition of respecting and encouraging academic freedom -a tradition which is at the heart of the Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program (Kyoto iUP), a n innovative undergraduate program for international students. Kyoto iUP comprises a six -month preparatory course followed by a four -year undergraduate course. In the first two -and-a-half years, students develop an essential understanding of core subjects in both English and Japanese, and acquire sufficient Japanese language proficiency to attend specialized lectures and pursue advanced studies in Japanese in their final two years. In addition to cultivating language proficiency and a multicultural mindset, the four-and-a-halfyear program is also designed to encourage students to exercise initiative and develop flexible thinking. Upon completing the program, students will have in- depth expertise in their chosen field and an extensive understanding of the world. These qualities open the doors to leadership roles in various sectors of international society. Kyoto iUP students receive comprehensive support during all phases of the program, benefiting from the experience accumulated by the university throughout its long history of fostering international students from around the globe and supporting them in their studies, research, daily life, and career development. Key Features and Details  6-month Preparatory Course and 4-year Undergraduate Course Kyoto iUP comprises a six-month preparatory course and a four-year undergraduate course. Upon graduation, Kyoto iUP students will be awarded a bachelor's degree in their selected major.  Choose from a Wide Range of Faculties Students on the program can enroll in any of the faculties and departments listed in Table 1 (on the following page). Applicants should select a faculty/department appropriate to their academic interests. If they are interested in more than one faculty/department, they can provisionally select up to three faculties/departments at the time of application. Their preferences will be discussed during the interview, and when they receive the notification of the second screening result, they will also be notified of the faculty in which they will enroll. They will be formally enrolled in the faculty after they have passed the Qualifying Test, which can be taken after completion of the Preparatory Course. 2 Table 1: Available Faculties*1 Faculty Department Faculty of Integrated Human Studies Faculty of Letters*2*3 - Philosophy - Ethics Faculty of Education Faculty of Law Faculty of Economics Faculty of Science*2 - Mathematical Sciences - Physics and Astrophysics - Earth and Planetary Sciences - Chemistry - Biological Sciences Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences*4 - Pharmaceutical Sciences Faculty of Engineering*2 - Civil, Environmental and Resources Engineering - Architecture - Engineering Science - Electrical and Electronic Engineering - Informatics and Mathematical Science - Chemical Science and Technology Faculty of Agriculture*2*5 - Bioresource Science (Agricultural Biology) - Applied Life Sciences (Agricultural Chemistry) - Agricultural and Environmental Engineering - Food and Environmental Economics - Forest and Biomaterials Science *1 The program does not currently offer enrollment in the Faculty of Medicine. *2 Applicants seeking to enroll in the Faculties of Letters, Science, Engineering, and Agriculture must specify the department(s) in which they wish to enroll at the time of application. *3 Other departments do not participate in this program. *4 The Division of Pharmacy (a 6-year program for training pharmacists) does not participate in this program. *5 The Department of Food Science and Biotechnology does not participate in this program.  No Japanese Language Proficiency Required Japanese language proficiency is not required at the time of application. Students will be provided with intensive Japanese language courses in the first six months of the program, followed by approximately two years of advanced courses. Students will have sufficient proficiency to attend regular undergraduate course lectures and seminars in Japanese from their third year at the latest. To applicants: Applicants must have a strong motivation to learn the Japanese language in order to gain the proficiency required to understand classes in their chosen subjects taught in Japanese.  Online Application The admission process comprises two simple steps: document review and interview. The application procedure, including the submission of documents, is conducted online via the Online Application System. The interview is also conducted online. 3  Completion of the Preparatory Course and Qualifying Tests Students who perform sufficiently in the Japanese language studies and foundation subjects and complete the Preparatory Course can go on to take t he Qualifying Test prepared by the faculty specified in their admission offer. If a student's academic performance does not meet the required standard and they are unable to complete the Preparatory Course, they can retake the Preparatory Course in the following year if they wish. After passing the Qualifying Test, students can proceed to study in the faculty. If students do not perform satisfactorily in the Qualifying Test and cannot proceed to the faculty specified in the admission offer, they can retake the Preparatory Course in the following year if they wish. After enrollment in the undergraduate course Kyoto iUP students will be enrolled in the faculty as regular undergraduate degree -seeking students. In the first two years of the program, they will study liberal arts and sciences courses and major subjects of their choice in English and/or Japanese with other degree-seeking students. This will be followed by two years of specialized education in their chosen major, which will be taught mainly, or exclusively, in Japanese.  Scholarships and Support Scholarships that include full admission fee waivers and full or partial tuition fee waivers for four-and-a-half years are available for all Kyoto iUP students. Additionally, a monthly allowance of up to JPY 120,000 per month is provided to all Kyoto iUP students during the six-month preparatory course. After enrolling in the undergraduate course, merit-based monthly allowance s from a variety of supporting companies and organizations are available for eligible students. To ensure a smooth transition to life in Japan, each Kyoto iUP student is allocated a room in a Kyoto University International House for the first 12 months following enrollment. This residential requirement eliminates the need for students to search for their own accommodation, facilitates seamless access to university support services, and fosters a collaborative learning community. The tenancy for the initial 12 months can be extended for a maximum of 6 more months. 4 Number of Places 40 students will be admitted in October 2027. They are expected to complete the four-year undergraduate degree course in March 2032. For reference Table 2: Number of students who passed the Kyoto iUP second screening (2024-2026) and Number of students who applied as their first choice (2026) Faculty/Department Number of students who passed the second screening Number of students who applied as their first choice 2024 2025 2026 2026 Faculty of Integrated Human Studies 1 1 1 56 Faculty of Letters - - 1 10 - Philosophy - - 1 9 - Ethics - - 0 1 Faculty of Education 1 2 2 24 Faculty of Law 2 1 1 38 Faculty of Economics 4 4 3 188 Faculty of Science 6 7 5 239 - Mathematical Sciences 2 2 1 49 - Physics and Astrophysics 1 1 1 59 - Earth and Planetary Sciences 0 1 1 15 - Chemistry 1 2 1 24 - Biological Sciences 2 1 1 92 Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences 2 3 3 34 Faculty of Engineering 11 15 18 524 - Civil, Environmental and Resources Engineerin g 0 1 1 46 - Architecture 1 1 1 31 - Engineering Science 2 1 3 73 - Electrical and Electronic Engineering 3 7 6 194 - Informatics and Mathematical Science 2 2 2 127 - Chemical Science and Technology 3 3 5 53 Faculty of Agriculture 4 4 3 61 - Bioresource Science (Agricultural Biology) 1 1 1 16 - Applied Life Sciences (Agricultural Chemistry) 1 1 1 18 - Agricultural and Environmental Engineering 0 1 1 15 - Food and Environmental Economics 1 0 0 8 - Forest and Biomaterials Science 1 1 0 4 Total 31 37 37 1174 5 2. Eligibility Requirements Applicants must satisfy both of the following requirements, 1 and 2: 1 Applicants must be non-Japanese citizens, and must have obtained "Student" status of residence at the time of enrollment. Note: Persons with dual nationality that includes Japanese are eligible to apply provided they choose to adopt the nationality of the other country by the time of enrollment. 2 Applicants must fulfill at least one of the following five conditions: a) Have completed or be expected to complete at least 12 years of primary to secondary education, or less than 12 years of formal education that is recognized as equivalent by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT)＊1, in a country other than Japan by September 30, 2027. b) Have completed or be expected to complete at least 12 years of primary to secondary education at an educational institution located in Japan , based on a non-Japanese education system and recognized by MEXT, by September 30, 2027. c) Have completed or be expected to complete 12 years of primary to secondary education at an educational institution accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), the Council of International Schools (CIS), the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI), the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC), Cognia, the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement (NCA CASI), the Northwest Accreditation Commission (NWAC), the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools on Accreditation and School Improvement (SACS CASI), or the Council of British International Schools (COBIS) by September 30, 2027. d) Have been awarded an International Baccalaureate, German Abitur, French Ba ccalaureate, General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (GCE A Level), International A Levels, or European Baccalaureate by September 30, 2027. e) Have an academic background that is recognized by Kyoto University as equivalent to a) above before the admission process begins. Applicants must be at least 18 years old by April 1, 2028. ⇒ If applicable, please see Eligibility Screening Process *1List of Courses of Foreign Schools Corresponding to Upper Secondary Schools Designated by MEXT (less than 12 years education) Note: Applicants currently enrolled at other universities, including overseas institutions, are able to apply. However, please note that Kyoto iUP prohibits dual enrollment for those registered in a degree-seeking program at another institution, in order to ensure that students can fully dedicate themselves to their studies in Kyoto iUP. Therefore, successful applicants must withdraw from their current university by the time of enrollment. Eligibility Screening Process (Only mandatory for applicants to whom 2e), above, applies) Applicants who intend to apply with the eligibility described in 2e), above, must complete the eligibility screening process by submitting the documents listed below via the Inquiry Form on the website between July 1 and October 19, 2026. The eligibility screening documents must be prepared in English. If documents are in a language other than English, the original documents and their English translation must be submitted together. The English translation must be certified by the issuing school or by a notary office. Eligibility Screening Documents 1 Resume of educational history from primary to current institution, which includes the name, address, and URL of each institution, and enrollment/completion dates 2 Photocopy of the graduation certificate or certificate of expected graduation from the applicant's secondary school/high school (Form A*2 may be used) 3 Copy of passport pages containing the applicant's name, photograph, passport number, nationality, and expiration date *2 Refer to page 10 Note: - Applicants may be asked to submit documents other than those listed above, if necessary. - Applicants for whom the eligibility screening process is not mandatory may also apply for it voluntarily, regardless of which eligibility requirements they meet. 6 3. Admission Process Application Period: November 2-December 3, 2026 (5 p.m. JST) First Screening: Document Review (Application deadline: 5 p.m. on December 3, 2026) The first screening will be a careful examination of the application documents and accompanying materials. The application documents must be submitted through the Online Application System. In addition, the application fee must also be paid by the application deadline. Please refer to page 8 for details of how to pay the application fee. Please note that the "Complete" button on the Online Application System cannot be clicked until the payment of the application fee is confirmed. D etailed instructions on how to pay are provided i n the Online Application System. The results of the first screening will be announced via the Online Application System on February 5, 2027. To shortlisted applicants: Shortlisted applicants must send their original application documents to the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office via registered mail to arrive by March 16, 2027. ⇒ See Appendix 2 on page 19 Note: The expenses required to send the application documents by registered mail must be borne by the applicant. Second Screening: Interview (March 1-March 16, 2027) Shortlisted applicants will be interviewed online. The interviews will be held between March 1 and March 16, 2027. The Kyoto iUP Admissions Office will notify each applicant of their specific interview date and time. The interview is conducted in English. Note: - The date and time of the interview cannot be changed. - It is the applicants' responsibility to check their email for notifications about the interviews and application process. - The expenses to attend the interview must be borne by the applicant. Notification of Selection Results (April 6, 2027) Applicants will receive an electronic copy of the result letter via the Online Application System on April 6, 2027. Note: - Admission decisions are non-negotiable. - Admission deferrals will not be accepted. - The Kyoto iUP Admissions Office will not respond to any inquiries regarding admission decisions. - Applicants who appl y with predicted scores/grades must submit the actual scores/grades at a later date when requested to do so by the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office. We requ est that schools predict applicants' scores as accurately as possible to prevent a discrepancy between the final scores/grades and the predicted ones. Additionally, the subjects in which the final scores/grades are awarded should be the same as those of the predicted ones. Confirmation of Intent to Enroll (must be received by May 7, 2027) Successful candidates must notify the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office of their intent to enroll by May 7, 2027. Upon receipt of the letter confirming the applicant's intent to enroll, the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office will contact the applicant regarding the details of the enr ollment procedures, including visa application. 7 4. Application and Enrollment Schedule Apply for the First Screening (Document Review) November 2-December 3, 2026 - All application documents must be uploaded to the Online Application System by the application deadline. - The application fee (JPY 9,800) must be paid by December 3, 2026. Note: Please note that the "Complete" button on the Online Application System cannot be clicked until the payment of the application fee is confirmed. ⇒ See Page 8 Notification of the First Screening Result February 5, 2027 Second Screening (Interview) March 1-March 16, 2027 - The interview is conducted online. - Shortlisted applicants must send their original application documents to the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office by registered mail to arrive by March 16, 2027. ⇒ See Appendix 2 on page 19 Notification of the Second Screening Result April 6, 2027 Confirm Intent to Enroll By May 7, 2027 Prepare for Study in Japan Mid-May-Mid-September 2027 Arrive in Japan By the End of September 2027 Enroll in the Preparatory Course October 1, 2027 Take Qualifying Test for Chosen Faculty January-February 2028 Enroll in the Undergraduate Course April 2028 Check Eligibility Requirements ⇒ See page 5 If you satisfy Requirement 1 and 2e) is applicable to you If you satisfy Requirement 1 and at least one of 2a), 2b), 2c), or 2d) Eligibility Screening Process The required documents must be sent via the Inquiry Form between July 1 and October 19, 2026. If you pass the first screening If you pass the second screening 8 5. Application Fee The Kyoto iUP application fee is JPY 9,800. Application fee waivers are not available. The fee must be paid via the Online Application System* b etween November 2 and December 3, 2026 (5 p.m. JST). Please note that the "Complete" button on the Online Application System cannot be clicked until the payment of the application fee is confirmed. D etailed instructions on how to pay are provided in the Online Application System. *URL: https://admission.iup.kyoto-u.ac.jp/ Important Points to Note: - The Online Application System supports 3D Secure (personal authentication services). Compatibility with debit or prepaid credit cards is not guaranteed. Please use a 3D Secure-enabled credit card to pay the application fee. - Accepted cards are VISA, Mastercard, American Express, JCB, and Diners Club. If you are unable to complete the payment, please contact your card issuer directly. - A processing fee (JPY 429) will be charged. Applicants are responsible for the payment. - The application fee is non-refundable under any circumstances. - Any payment that is mistakenly made for purposes other than the Kyoto iUP application fee is also non-refundable and will not be recognized as a valid payment of the Kyoto iUP application fee. - If a duplicate payment is made, the overpaid amount will be refunded, except for the processing fee. - Applicants are responsible for completing the payment correctly within the application period. The Kyoto iUP Admissions Office will not contact applicants who have failed to make the payment. Applications submitted by persons who have failed to complete the payment procedure will not be considered valid or accepted for any reasons. - Please note that the application fee and processing fee are subject to change without advance notice. 9 6. Application Documents Application Period: November 2-December 3, 2026 (5 p.m. JST) All documents must be received by the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office during the application period. Applications, including the submission of the required documents, must be made via the Online Application System. The application documents must be prepared in English. If documents are in a language other than English, the original documents and their English translation must be submitted together. The English translation must be certified by the issuing school or by a notary office. Some of the documents must be uploaded by the relevant school. It is the applicant 's responsibility to make the necessary arrangements to ensure that all required documents and information are uploaded t o the Online Application System during the application period specified above. After uploading the documents and other information, please be sure to click the "Complete" button otherwise your application will not be received . Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. For documents such as Form B and Form C, which are to be prepared by the school and submitted directly via the Online Application System, it is the applicant' s responsibility to contact the submitter to confirm receipt of the email message that is automatically sent to the submitter by the Online Application System , a s well as the submission status of the documents and any other information that should be noted regarding the preparation of the documents. In addition to the above, applicants who pass the first screening must send original copies of the designated application documents to the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office via registered mail to arrive by March 16, 2027. For further details, please refer to Appendix 2. Application and supporting documents, including electronic data, submitted to the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office will not be returned. Online Application System Please apply through the Online Application System and upload the necessary documents and information to the system. URL: https://admission.iup.kyoto-u.ac.jp/ The application period is November 2-December 3, 2026 (5 p.m. JST). The Online Application System will automatically close at 5 p.m. on December 3, 2026. 10 Documents to be Submitted by the Application Deadline The application forms (Forms A, B, C, and D) can be downloaded from the following website: URL: https://www.iup.kyoto-u.ac.jp/apply/ If it is necessary for a school to upload an application document, the applicant must send a request to the m via the Online Application System. It is not necessary for t hem to create an account to log into the system. For details of how to send a request for the upload of documents, please refer to the "User Manual" of the Online Application System. When preparing and submitting the application, be sure to carefully read all of the instructions provided on the cover page of each form (Forms A, B, C, and D). Document To be uploaded by Details 1 Digital identification photograph Applicant A digital photograph of the applicant taken within the last six months. The photo must be taken with no hat or head covering, unless there are religious or medical reasons for such. 2 Copy of passport Applicant Copied page(s) containing the applicant's name, photograph, passport number, nationality, and expiration date. If the applicant's official name, aliases, or name corrections are recorded on a page other than the photo page (such as the " Remarks" page), a copy of that page must also be included. If the applicant does not have a passport, a copy of their official photo ID, which includes the applicant's name and nationality and its English translation must be included. The English translation may be prepared by the applicant. 3 School transcripts Applicant or School Official transcripts covering the applicant's entire time at secondary/high school from their first year to the present or graduation. Official transcripts must be issued to the applicant by the school . Higher education (university) transcripts are also required if applicable. 4 Form A: Certificate of Graduation/ Expected Graduation Applicant or School Form A must be completed by the secondary/high school from which the applicant graduated or is expected to graduate. A copy of the original certificate of graduation or high school diploma can also be substituted instead of Form A. The document must include the date of graduation/expected graduation from the secondary/high school and the name of the school. It must be issued to the applicant by the school in English. Please be sure to read all of the instructions on the forms when preparing and submitting this form. 11 Document To be uploaded by Details 5 Form B: Evaluation School /Others*1 Form B must be filled out in English by a staff member of the secondary/high school that the applicant currently attends or has most recently attended, or by a third party. They must be familiar with the applicant's academic performance during secondary/high school. Only Form B can be used. No other forms will be accepted. Please be sure to read all of the instructions on the forms when preparing and submitting this form. 6 Either a specified English proficiency test result or Form C is required. English proficiency test result*2 (TOEFL/IELTS) Applicant Applicants are required to have their English proficiency certified by one of the English proficiency tests listed below. They must upload a copy of their test results to the Online Application System, and also make the following arrangements so that the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office can verify the results. Note: The results submitted must have been awarded for tests taken after November 1, 2024. - TOEFL iBT/iBT Home Edition (https://www.ets.org/toefl.html): Applicants must request the test institution to send the score report directly to Kyoto University. Kyoto University's TOEFL Institution Code is C447 (Kyoto University - International Undergraduate Program). Note: MyBest scores and TOEFL ITP results are not accepted. - IELTS Academic/IELTS Online (https://ielts.org/): Once applicant s have uploaded a copy of their score sheet (Test Report Form/eTest Report Form ) to the Online Application System, no further acti on is required. The Kyoto iUP Admissions Office can verify the result via the IELTS website using the TRF number. Note: IELTS One Skill Retake results are acceptable. For reference Applicants are expected to have adequate English proficiency. Although there is no specific minimum score for the English proficiency requirement, the following are typical scores of successful candidates: TOEFL iBT: 4.5 (1-6 scale) / 90 (0-120 scale) IELTS: 6.5 12 Document To be uploaded by Details Form C: English Proficiency Evaluation Form School /Others*1 Applicants who are native speakers of English or who have/will have completed their secondary education in English* may submit Form C instead of an English proficiency test result. Form C must be filled out in English by a staff member of the secondary/high school that the applicant currently attends or has most recently attended, or by a third party. Please be sure to read all the instructions on the forms when preparing and submitting this form. *Note: "who have/will have completed their secondary education in English" refers to persons for whom all lectures and classes, except for language classes, were conducted in English for at least five years during their secondary education. 7 Standardized test result*2 Applicant or School Applicants must submit their official results for at least one of the standardized tests listed in Appendix 1. If the final score will not be available by the application deadline, an official predicted score certificate is acceptable. If neither the final nor predicted scores are available by the application deadline, applicants can complete their application without including the standardized test results. In this case, please select "Cannot submit any score" in the "Document Upload" s ection of the Online Application System and state the reason in the "Remarks" column. However, please note that only some standardized test results are permitted to be submitted at a later date. No other test results will be accepted if submitted late. Please refer to the instructions pertaining to each standar dized test in Appendix 1 . In addition, please note that the applicants must submit scores as soon as they are available (by the time of the interview at the latest) via the message field in the Online Application System or via the Inquiry Form. Note:  Applicants who apply with predicted scores/grades must submit the actual scores/grades at a later date when requested to do so by the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office. We request that schools predict applicants' scores as accurately as possible to prevent a dis crepancy between the final scores/grades and the predicted ones. Additionally, the subjects in which the final scores/grades are awarded should be the same as those of the predicted ones.  Applicants who wish to submit the results of a test other than those listed in Appendix 1 must contact the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office by October 19, 2026, to confirm whether or not the test results will be accept ed as part of the application. The results of tests other than those listed in Appendix 1 that are submitted without any prior confirmation will not be accepted. 13 8 Form D: Essay Applicant The essay must be written in English within the word count specified in Form D, and submitted using Form D. Only Form D can be used. No other forms will be accepted. *1 If it is not possible to have the documents prepared by the relevant school, they can be provided by a person outside of the school. In this case, the person who prepares the documents must be well acquainted with the applicant 's academic performance during secondary/high school , and must specify their relationship to the applicant in the form. Please see the instructions on the relevant forms for details. *2 The requirements regarding the submission of the English proficiency test result and standardized test result may change due to unavoidable situations, such as pandemics. Any changes will be announced on the Kyoto iUP website. Additional supporting documents such as those relating to academic awards and extracurricular activities may be submitted via the Online Application System. When submitting additional supporting documents, be sure to enter the information in the Academic Awards section or the Other Extracurricular Activities section of the Online A pplication System. However, please note that the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office cannot guarantee that they will be considered in the application process. 14 7. Completion of the Preparatory Course and Qualifying Tests Students who perform sufficiently in the Japanese language studies and foundation subjects and complete the Preparatory Course can go on to take the Qualifying Test prepared by the faculty specified in their admission offer. If a student's academic performance does not meet the required standard and they are unable to complete the Preparatory Course, they can retake the Preparatory Course in the following year if they wish. After passing the Qualifying Test, students can proceed to study in the faculty from April 1, 2028. The fee for the Qualifying Test is JPY 17,000. Fee waivers are not available. Please note that the fee is subject to change without advance notice. If students do not perform satisfactorily in the Qualifying Test and cannot proceed to the faculty specified in the admission offer, they can retake the Preparatory Course in the following year if they wish. 8. Scholarships and Support Scholarships and Fee Waivers Scholarships that include full admission fee waivers and full or partial tuition fee waivers for four-and-a-half years are available for all Kyoto iUP students. Additionally, a monthly allowance of up to JPY 120,000 per month is provided to all Kyoto iUP students during the six -month preparatory course. After enrolling in the undergraduate course, merit based monthly allowances from a variety of supporting companies and organizations are available for eligible students. Admission Fee Tuition Fee Preparatory Course JPY 28,200 Full waiver available JPY 296,000 (6 months) Full waiver available Undergraduate Course JPY 282,000 Full waiver available JPY 535,800 (Annual) Full or partial waivers available Accommodation To ensure a smooth transition to life in Japan, each Kyoto iUP student is allocated a room in a Kyoto University International House for the first 12 months following enrollment. This residential requirement eliminates the need for students to search for their own accommodation, facilitates seamless access to university support services, and fosters a collaborative learning community. The tenancy for the initial 12 months can be extended for a maximum of 6 more months. Please visit the following website for more information about the Kyoto University International Houses: https://kuiso.oc.kyoto-u.ac.jp/en/housing/facilities/ Preliminary Japanese language lessons If deemed necessary (based on their Japanese language ability), successful candidates will be provided with preliminary Japanese language lessons before the commencement of the Preparatory Course. The tuition and textbook fees will be covered by the university. 15 Student Support Various forms of support for study, student life, and career development, including student tutoring services, are offered to all Kyoto iUP students. 9. Other Matters Fraudulent Statements and Information It is the applicants' responsibility to ensure that all information provided in their application, supporting documents, and interviews is truthful and accurate. If any reasonable grounds are found to indicate that false information has been provided, the application will be rejected immediately, or the student's enrollment will be terminated. Data Protection The Kyoto iUP Admissions Office is responsible for the secure protection of data and information provided in applications and accompanying documents. Personal information will be handled in accordance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and the Kyoto University Privacy Policy. P ersonal information provided will not be used for purposes other than admissions and program development. 10. Contact Information Address: Kyoto iUP Admissions Office, Kyoto University Yoshida International House Bldg. (B1), Yoshida South Campus, Yoshida Nihonmatsu-cho, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan If you have any inquiries, please first refer to the following website. If your inquiries are not answered by the information on the website, please send us your inquiries via the Inquiry Form on the website. Kyoto iUP website: https://www.iup.kyoto-u.ac.jp/ FAQ: https://www.iup.kyoto-u.ac.jp/faq/ Inquiry form: https://www.iup.kyoto-u.ac.jp/contact/ 16 Acceptable Standardized Tests Submission of official score/grade reports for one or more of the standardized tests is mandatory for all applicants. In addition, applicants must satisfy the specific subject requirements for each faculty, depending on the faculty they are applying to, as listed below. Submitting scores for additional subjects is optional but permitted. Specific Subject Requirements for Each Faculty A. International Tests Name of test Requirements How to submit SAT (Scholastic Assessment Test) The results of tests taken on or before November 7, 2026, are acceptable. Note:  Please refer to page 12 in case the scores cannot be submitted by the application deadline.  Scores of the Preliminary SAT (PSAT) are not acceptable.  Applicants may submit multiple test results. - Upload a copy of your results, and - Request the test institution to send your score report directly to Kyoto University (Institution code: 7741 Kyoto University IUP). EJU (Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students) The results of tests taken in either English or Japanese on or before November 8, 2026, are acceptable. Note:  Applicants to whom "Subject Requirements ①" applies must submit the score of the Mathematics Course 2 test. - Upload a copy of your results or test voucher, so that the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office can verify your score using your registration number. [in the case of 2026 EJU (2nd Session)] - Late submission of the results is permitted. - Please upload the test voucher by the deadline. Once your results are available, send your results via the message field in the Online Application System or via the Inquiry Form. Appendix 1 ① Those applying to the Faculties of Science, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Engineering, or Agriculture must include score/grade reports for the following subjects*: 1) Mathematics (higher levels are preferable) 2) Science (at least two science subjects from among physics, chemistry, and biology) Note: Those applying to the Faculty of Engineering must include score/grade reports for both physics and chemistry (or equivalent subjects). *Applicants are expected to have a solid command of math and science, as students must take math, science, and other required subjects in the Preparatory Course , and meet the academic standards required for its completion. ② Those applying to the Faculties of Integrated Human Studies or Economics must include score/grade reports for the following subject*: 1) Mathematics (standard levels are acceptable) *Applicants are expected to have a solid command of math, as students must take math and other required subjects in the Preparatory Course , and meet the academic standards required for its completion. ③ Those applying to the Faculties of Letters, Education or Law: No specific subject requirements* *Applicants may submit scores for any subject(s) included in the standardized tests at their discretion. 17 ACT (American College Testing) The results of tests taken on or before October 24, 2026, are acceptable. The writing test is not mandatory. Note:  Applicants to whom "Subject Requirements ①" applies must satisfy the requirements by submitting their scores for both the Mathematics and Science sections.  Applicants may submit their ACT Superscore results with all of the original scores of the ACT tests they took.  Scores of the ACT International Subject Tests are not acceptable. - Upload a copy of your results, and - Request the test institution to send your score report directly to Kyoto University (Institution code: 1745). B. International Qualifications Name of test Requirements How to submit General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (GCE A Level)/ International A Level The result certificate or official document of predicted grades*2 is required. Note:  The following types of certificates are not acceptable: - International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) - General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) - General Certificate of Education Ordinary Level (GCE O Level )  For Applicants to whom "Subject Requirements ①" applies : - Higher-level mathematics ("Mathematics F urther") is highly recommended. - Advanced Subsidiary (AS) Level scores are not acceptable.  For Applicants to whom "Subject Requirements ②" applies , AS Level Mathematics scores are acceptable. - Upload a copy of your certificate*1 International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma The result certificate or official document of predicted grades*2 is required. Note:  Applicants may submit an "Extended Essay (EE)" in addition to documents showing their scores for each subject.  Applicants to whom "Subject Requirements ①" applies are highly recommended to take higher -level mathematics ("Mathematics : Analysis and Approaches HL"). - Upload a copy of your certificate*1 Advanced Placement (AP) Applicants are required to take five or more AP subjects. They are also required to submit their AP scores along with their SAT results. Note:  For Applicants to whom "Subject Requirements ①" applies: - "Calculus BC" is highly recommended. - The subjects "Environmental Science" and "Psychology" are not acceptable as equivalents to the subject "2) Science." - If you choose "Physics" as one of the science subjects, you must take a combination of "Physics 1 and Physics 2" or "Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism and Physics C: Mechanics." - Upload a copy of your results, and - Request the test institution to send your score report directly to Kyoto University (Institution code: 7741 Kyoto University IUP). *1 Applicants who pass the first screening must send the original certificate or a certified copy to the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office via registered mail to arrive by March 16, 2027 (see Appendix 2). *2 Please refer to the first bullet point of the "Note" at the bottom of page 18. 18 C. Country-Specific Standardized Tests Country/region Name of test How to submit China National Higher Education Entrance Examination (GAOKAO) - Upload a copy of your results*1 France Baccalaureate (predicted grades are acceptable*2) - Upload a copy of your certificate *1 Germany Abitur (predicted grades are acceptable*2) - Upload a copy of your certificate *1 Hong Kong Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE) (predicted scores are acceptable*2) - Upload a copy of your results*1 India CBSE Class XII Exam (Central Board of Secondary Education, Senior School Certificate Examination) (predicted scores are acceptable*2) Note:  Scores of the CBSE Class X Exam (Central Board of Secondary Education, Secondary School Examination) are not acceptable. - Upload a copy of your results*1 Malaysia Malaysia Unified Examination Certificate (UEC) Note:  Only scores of the Senior Middle Three exam are acceptable. Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) Peperiksaan Semester Program Matrikulasi (PSPM) Note:  In the case of PSPM, the examination results for the first semester are acceptable as predicted scores*2. - Upload a copy of your results*1 or [in the case of UEC 2026] - Late submission of the results is permitted. - Once your results are available, send your result s via the message field in the Online Application System or via the Inquiry Form*1. Myanmar Matriculation Examination Note:  Only applicants who have already taken the examination can apply, and they must submit their results. - Upload a copy of your results*1 Singapore Singapore-Cambridge GCE (Advanced Level) Examination (predicted grades are acceptable*2) - Upload a copy of your results*1 Taiwan Taiwan General Scholastic Ability Test (GSAT) Note:  Applicants with "Subject Requirements ①" must include the subject "Natural Science." - Upload a copy of your results*1 or [in the case of GSAT 2027] - Late submission of the results is permitted. - Once your results are available, send your result via the message field in the Online Application System or via the Inquiry Form*1. *1 Applicants who pass the first screening must send the original certificate or a certified copy to the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office via registered mail to arrive by March 16, 2027 (see Appendix 2). *2 Please refer to the first bullet point of the "Note" below. Note:  Applicants who apply with predicted scores/grades must submit the actual scores/grades at a later date when requested to do so by the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office. We request that schools predict applicants' scores as accurately as possible to prevent a discrepancy between the final scores/grades and the predicted ones. Additionally, the subjects in which the final scores/grades are awarded should be the same as those of the predicted ones.  Applicants who wish to submit the results of a test other than those listed in Appendix 1 must contact the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office by October 19, 2026, to confirm whether or not the test results will be accepted as part of the application. The results of tests other than those listed in Appendix 1 that are submitted without any prior confirmation will not be accepted. 19 (Only for shortlisted applicants) Documents to be Submitted by March 16, 2027 In order to ensure the authenticity of submitted documents, shortlisted applicants are requested to submit the ORIGINAL COPIES of the following documents. For documents that can only be issued once, such as diplomas and academic transcripts, certified copies* are acceptable instead of the originals. Please refer to "How to create a certified copy of a document" on page 20 for details. All documents must reach the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office via registered mail by March 16, 2027. *A certified copy is a copy of the original document that has been deemed equivalent to the original by means of an official seal from a school or by a notary office. Type of document What is required to be submitted 1 School transcripts Original documents or certified copies 2 Form A: Certificate of Graduation/ Expected Graduation Form A/Certificate issued by the school Original document Graduation diploma Certified copy 3 Form B: Evaluation Original document The document can be sent directly from the school by registered mail, or by the applicant. If it is sent by the applicant, it must be officially sealed in an envelope by the school, so that the applicant cannot see the contents. 4 English proficiency test result/ Form C: English Proficiency Evaluation Form TOEFL If you have already requested the test institution to send the score report directly to Kyoto University, no further action is required. (Institution code: C447) IELTS No further action is required. Form C Original document 5 Standardized test result SAT/AP If you have already requested the test institution to send your score report directly to Kyoto University, no further action is required. (Institution code: 7741 Kyoto University IUP) EJU If you have already uploaded a copy of the score sheet or voucher to the Online Application System, no further action is required. ACT If you have already requested the test institution to send your score report directly to Kyoto University, no further action is required. (Institution code: 1745) GCE Advanced Level/ International A Level (including predicted grades) Original document or certified copy Applicants who apply with predicted scores/grades must submit the actual scores/grades at a later date when requested to do so by the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office. We request that schools predict applicants' scores as accurately as possible to prevent a discrepancy between the final scores/grades and the predicted ones. Additionally, the subjects in which the final scores/grades are awarded should be the same as those of the predicted ones. IB (International Baccalaureate) (including predicted grades） Country-Specific Standardized Test Original document or certified copy Address: Kyoto iUP Admissions Office, Kyoto University Yoshida International House Bldg. (B1), Yoshida South Campus, Yoshida Nihonmatsu-cho, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan Appendix 2 20 How to create a certified copy of a document 1. Prepare the original document. 2. Have your school or a notary office make a copy of the original. 3. The school or notary office will add a comment together with their official seal in the margin or on the back of the document certifying that the copy is equivalent to the original. Note: A copy of a certified document is not acceptable. Original Document Copy of Original Document Copy of Original Document Comment Seal Example: I hereby attest that this is a true copy of the original document. Year/Month/Day Name of Institution Official Seal Kyoto University Kyoto iUP Admissions Office URL: https://www.iup.kyoto-u.ac.jp/