─ ─ ─ About iUP Message from the Director Message from Faculty Members Program Overview Supporters Brochure Download Academics Curriculum Majors and Areas of Study About Learning Japanese Academic Calendar Campuses Student Support Financial Support Accommodation Study & Life Support BLOG Study Daily Life Events Extracurricular Activities University Facilities Living in Kyoto Student Blog Student Interview How to Apply Application Process Application Flow FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others Contact Us Links Sitemap How to Apply Application Process Application Flow Application Process >>Past results >> FAQ October 2027 Enrollment Application Guidelines for October 2027 Enrollment Form A: Certificate of Graduation Form B: Evaluation Form C: English Proficiency Evaluation Form Form D: Essay Applications must be submitted through the Online Application System . The system will be available from November 2 until December 3, 2026 (5 p.m. Japan Standard Time ) . Download the Application Guidelines and Forms, and read the instructions carefully. For eligibility questions, Eligibility Screening Process prior to the application is available. Prepare all necessary documents and information. Apply through the Online Application System (some documents must be uploaded by the school through the system), pay the application fee, and click the "Complete" button before the application deadline. Apply now: Online Application System ( Only available during the application period : from November 2 until December 3, 2026 (5 p.m. JST )) User Manual 2027 (will be available later) Guidelines on the Use of Kyoto iUP Online Application System Important: The application process must be completed through the Online Application System between November 2 and December 3, 2026 (5 p.m. JST ) . Incomplete or late applications will not be considered in the admission process. All application documents must be prepared in English or with English translation . If you have any questions, please read the FAQ on the website. Results (2020 - 2026) Contact Us Links Sitemap Cooperation and Support Privacy Policy Copyright © Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program. All Rights Reserved.