─ ─ ─ About iUP Message from the Director Message from Faculty Members Program Overview Supporters Brochure Download Academics Curriculum Majors and Areas of Study About Learning Japanese Academic Calendar Campuses Student Support Financial Support Accommodation Study & Life Support BLOG Study Daily Life Events Extracurricular Activities University Facilities Living in Kyoto Student Blog Student Interview How to Apply Application Process Application Flow FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others Contact Us Links Sitemap FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others 3. Eligibility Q Q3-1. I don't understand the difference between the eligibility requirements and the application documents. A Please note that the eligibility requirements and application documents such as acceptable standardized tests are completely different things. Eligibility requirements are the requirements for whether you can apply to Kyoto iUP. If you do not meet the eligibility requirements, you cannot apply to Kyoto iUP. If you meet the eligibility requirements and would like to apply, you will need to submit the application documents including the standardized test results. For more information, please refer to the Application Guidelines . Q Q3-2. I don't know if I meet the eligibility requirements. A Please refer to the Eligibility Requirements page of the Applicaion Guidelines . If you are unsure whether you are eligible to apply even after checking the eligibility requirements, please proceed to the "Eligibility Screening Process" during the designated period. Q Q3-3. Is the eligibility screening mandatory? A Applicants for whom the eligibility screening process is not mandatory may also apply for it voluntarily, regardless of which eligibility requirements they meet. Q Q3-4. Can you check my eligibility after the period of Eligibility Screening Process? A No, we cannot. In that case, please judge by yourself whether or not you are eligible before completing your application. Q Q3-5. I completed a school curriculum lasting less than 12 years in my home country. Am I eligible to apply? A If the curriculum is recognized as equivalent to 12-year formal education by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), you are eligible to apply. Please refer to the MEXT website . Q Q3-6. I skipped a grade (grade acceleration) and completed a 12-year primary and secondary education curriculum in 11 years. Am I eligible to apply? A If your grade acceleration was (or will be) accredited by your primary or secondary school, then it is considered that you have (or will have) completed a 12-year course of primary to secondary education. In this case, you will be qualified to apply. However, if you are unsure about your eligibility, please complete the Eligibility Screening Process specified on the Application Guidelines . Q Q3-7. I am a non-Japanese citizen who graduated/will graduate from a Japanese high school that operates a curriculum based on the Japanese education system. Am I eligible to apply? A If you graduated/will graduate from a Japanese high school that operates a curriculum based on the Japanese education system, it is highly possible that you don't meet the eligibility requirements. Please refer to the Eligibility Requirements page of the Application Guidelines . If you are unsure whether you are eligible to apply even after checking the eligibility requirements, please proceed to the "Eligibility Screening Process" during the designated period. Q Q3-8. I have received education in two or more countries due to my parents working in multiple countries. How should I calculate the number of years of primary to secondary education I have received? A Please determine the number of years based on the formal education curriculum in the country in which you completed/will have completed your secondary education. If it is a 12-year curriculum, then you are qualified to apply. If it is less than 12-years, please refer to the Application Guidelines and apply for the Eligibility Screening Process. Q Q3-9. I am currently a sophomore student at a university outside Japan. Can I transfer to Kyoto iUP as a junior? A Kyoto iUP does not accept transfer applications. If you get accepted to Kyoto iUP, you will start over from the Preparatory Course. Q Q3-10. Can I apply if I only have Japanese nationality? A At this moment, those who only have Japanese nationality are not eligible to apply. Applicants must be non-Japanese citizens, and must have obtained "Student" status of residence at the time of enrollment. Q Q3-11. Can I apply if I have dual nationality that includes Japanese? A Persons with dual nationality that includes Japanese are eligible to apply provided they choose to adopt the nationality of the other country by the time of enrollment. Q Q3-12. Can I apply if I already have a residence status other than "Student" (Ex. "Permanent resident", "Long-term resident" etc.)? A You can apply to Kyoto iUP. However, please note that the applicants must have obtained "Student" status of residence at the time of enrollment. Therefore, if the successful applicants already have their residence status other than "Student", they must change it to the "Student" status by the time of enrollment. For specific procedures to change your residence status, please contact the relevant government agency directly. Q Q3-13. Is there an age limit for applying? A There are no age limitations if you satisfy the eligibility requirements. Contact Us Links Sitemap Cooperation and Support Privacy Policy Copyright © Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program. All Rights Reserved.