─ ─ ─ About iUP Message from the Director Message from Faculty Members Program Overview Supporters Brochure Download Academics Curriculum Majors and Areas of Study About Learning Japanese Academic Calendar Campuses Student Support Financial Support Accommodation Study & Life Support BLOG Study Daily Life Events Extracurricular Activities University Facilities Living in Kyoto Student Blog Student Interview How to Apply Application Process Application Flow FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others Contact Us Links Sitemap FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others 4. Application Documents Q Q4-1. If I went to middle school and high school, is it enough to submit only the high school transcripts? A You need to submit the official transcripts covering your entire time at secondary/high school from your first year to the present or graduation. If your country's education system is divided into middle school/junior high school and high school/senior high school, you only need to submit your high school/senior high school transcripts. Please also note that higher education (university) transcripts are also required if applicable. If you are still unsure about what range of transcripts you need to submit, please contact us through the Inquiry Form . Q Q4-2. I have been enrolled in several different high schools. From which high school should I obtain my Form B (evaluation) and transcripts? A Please request your Form B (evaluation) from the high school that you are currently attending, or most recently attended. You must submit transcripts from all of the high schools you attended. Q Q4-3. I am currently a university student. Can I submit Form B (evaluation) from my university instead of from my high school? Also, which school transcript should I submit? A Please submit Form B (evaluation) from your high school or the person who is well acquainted with your academic performance in your high school*. The transcripts should cover your entire time in high school. Higher education (university) transcripts are also required if applicable. *Please refer to the Application Guidelines for the details. Q Q4-4. I am currently working for a company. Do I have to submit Form B from my high school? Can I submit Form B from my employer instead? A An evaluation from your employer is not acceptable. Please submit Form B (evaluation) from your high school or the person who is well acquainted with your academic performance in your high school*. *Please refer to the Application Guidelines for the details. Q Q4-5. If my school does not calculate GPA/Rank of the applicant/Average mark due to their policy, can they leave it blank in Form B? A We understand that some schools do not calculate GPA/Rank of the applicant/Average mark for their policies. In that case, please ask your school to complete as many items as possible to accurately assess the applicant's ability. Q Q4-6. What should I do if my teacher at school cannot fill out Form B for me? A Form B must be filled out by a staff member of the secondary/high school that the applicant currently attends or has most recently attended, or by a third party. If it is not possible to have the form prepared by the school, it can be prepared by a person who is deemed equivalent to any of the persons listed in 1., 2., or 3 on the cover page of Form B. In that case, the person must be well acquainted with the applicant's academic performance in secondary/high school, and must specify his/her relationship to the applicant and how long he/she has known them in section "1.Evaluator's information" of the form. Q Q4-7. If my high school transcripts and standardized test results are on the same paper, do I need to upload them both in the School Transcripts section and Standardized Test Results section in the Online Application System? A Even if your high school transcripts and standardized test results are on the same paper, you must upload them both in the School Transcripts section and the Standardized Test Results section of the Online Application System. Q Q4-8. New school transcripts, which include my records for the latest semester, will become available after the application deadline. Can I submit the latest transcripts via email after the deadline? A After the deadline, the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office does not accept any additional documents or replacements for submitted documents. Please do not send any additional documents after the deadline, unless they are explicitly requested/permitted by the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office. Q Q4-9. Can I submit additional supporting documents such as those relating to academic awards and extracurricular activities? A Additional supporting documents such as those relating to academic awards and extracurricular activities may be submitted via the Online Application System. When submitting additional supporting documents, be sure to enter the information in the Academic Awards section or the Other Extracurricular Activities section of the Online Application System. However, please note that the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office cannot guarantee that they will be considered in the application process. Q Q4-10. Can I send the application documents by e-mail? A Please submit the application documents through the Online Application System. You can find the link to the Online Application System in this page . Please note that the Online Application System is only available during the application period. Contact Us Links Sitemap Cooperation and Support Privacy Policy Copyright © Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program. All Rights Reserved.