─ ─ ─ About iUP Message from the Director Message from Faculty Members Program Overview Supporters Brochure Download Academics Curriculum Majors and Areas of Study About Learning Japanese Academic Calendar Campuses Student Support Financial Support Accommodation Study & Life Support BLOG Study Daily Life Events Extracurricular Activities University Facilities Living in Kyoto Student Blog Student Interview How to Apply Application Process Application Flow FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others Contact Us Links Sitemap FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others 5. Standardized Test Q Q5-1. Are there any requirements regarding the subjects that must be taken for the standardized tests? A Please refer to Appendix 1 of the Application Guidelines (List of acceptable standardized tests). Q Q5-2. If I cannot submit the standardized tests which meet the subject requirements, can I still apply to Kyoto iUP? A Please note that the eligibility requirements and application documents such as acceptable standardized tests are completely different things. As long as you satisfy the eligibility requirements, you can apply to Kyoto iUP. Therefore, even if you do not meet the subject requirements, this will not prevent you from applying to Kyoto iUP itself. In that case, we will evaluate each applicant comprehensively based on all of the submitted documents and information. Q Q5-3. Are there any cut-off marks or minimum score requirements for the standardized tests? A We don't set cutoff points or minimum score requirements. However, as the program has become increasingly competitive, we suggest aiming for the highest scores possible. Q Q5-4. Are the average standardized test scores of successful applicants released to the public? A Unfortunately, we don't disclose the average standardized test scores of successful applicants. Q Q5-5. Can I submit more than one standardized test result? A Yes. Applicants can submit official score/grade reports for one or more of the standardized tests listed in Tables A, B, and C of the Application Guidelines . Q Q5-6. Do you accept predicted scores of the standardized tests? A If the final score will not be available by the application deadline, an official predicted score certificate is acceptable for certain standardized tests. Please refer to Appendix 1 of the Application Guidelines . Q Q5-7. If neither the final nor predicted scores of the standardized tests are available by the application deadline, can I submit them at a later date? A Please note that only some standardized test results are permitted to be submitted at a later date. Please refer to the instructions pertaining to each standardized test in Appendix 1 of the Application Guidelines . Q Q5-8. Can I submit the results of a test other than those listed in Appendix 1 of the Application Guidelines? A If you wish to submit the results of a test other than those listed in Appendix 1 of the Application Guidelines must contact the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office by the designated date, to confirm whether or not the test results will be accepted as part of the application. The results of tests other than those listed in Appendix 1 of the Application Guidelines that are submitted without any prior confirmation will not be accepted. Contact Us Links Sitemap Cooperation and Support Privacy Policy Copyright © Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program. All Rights Reserved.