─ ─ ─ About iUP Message from the Director Message from Faculty Members Program Overview Supporters Brochure Download Academics Curriculum Majors and Areas of Study About Learning Japanese Academic Calendar Campuses Student Support Financial Support Accommodation Study & Life Support BLOG Study Daily Life Events Extracurricular Activities University Facilities Living in Kyoto Student Blog Student Interview How to Apply Application Process Application Flow FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others Contact Us Links Sitemap FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others 7. English Language Proficiency Q Q7-1. What level of English proficiency is required for application? A There are no minimum score requirements for English proficiency tests. Applicants are expected to have adequate English proficiency. Please refer to the following typical scores of successful candidates: TOEFL iBT: 90 IELTS Academic: 6.5 Q Q7-2. My English test score is from more than two years ago. Is it acceptable? A The results of TOEFL iBT, TOEFL PBT, or IELTS will only be accepted if the test was taken after the date indicated in the Application Guidelines . Q Q7-3. I am a native speaker of English. Do I still have to submit the results of TOEFL or IELTS? A If you are a native speaker of English, you may submit Form C (English Proficiency Evaluation Form) instead of an English proficiency test result. Please refer to the Application Guidelines . Q Q7-4. Can I submit the results of English proficiency tests which are not listed in Application Guidelines? A We accept only the results of TOEFL or IELTS. If you are a native speaker of English, you may submit Form C (English Proficiency Evaluation Form) instead of an English proficiency test result. Please refer to the Application Guidelines . Contact Us Links Sitemap Cooperation and Support Privacy Policy Copyright © Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program. All Rights Reserved.