─ ─ ─ About iUP Message from the Director Message from Faculty Members Program Overview Supporters Brochure Download Academics Curriculum Majors and Areas of Study About Learning Japanese Academic Calendar Campuses Student Support Financial Support Accommodation Study & Life Support BLOG Study Daily Life Events Extracurricular Activities University Facilities Living in Kyoto Student Blog Student Interview How to Apply Application Process Application Flow FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others Contact Us Links Sitemap FAQ 1. Program 2. Application 3. Eligibility 4. Application Documents 5. Standardized Test 6. Japanese Language Proficiency 7. English Language Proficiency 8. Selection 9. After Enrollment (Procedures, etc.) 10. Preparatory Course 11. Qualifying Tests 12. Financial Support 13. Accommodation 14. Others 8. Selection Q Q8-1. Do I have to come to Japan for the second screening (interview)? A No. The interview will be held online. Q Q8-2. How is each submitted document assessed during the selection process? A Applicants are selected based on a careful examination of their submitted documents. All your documents and information will be examined comprehensively. The details of the process will not be disclosed. Q Q8-3. I want to know the screening schedule. A Please refer to the Application Guidelines or Application Flow page . Q Q8-4. Can I change the date of my interview once the date has been determined? A The date of the interview cannot be rescheduled. Q Q8-5. In what language will the interview be conducted? A The interview will be conducted in English. Q Q8-6. If I come to Japan, can I attend the second screening (interview) in person? A No. The interview will be held online. Q Q8-7. Do you accept individual inquiries about the results of the screening? A No. The admission decisions are non-negotiable, and the Kyoto iUP Admissions Office will not respond to any inquiries related to admission decisions. Q Q8-8. If I am not selected this year, will that cause me any disadvantage when applying in the future? A No. Failure to be selected in one year will not adversely affect any future applications. Contact Us Links Sitemap Cooperation and Support Privacy Policy Copyright © Kyoto University International Undergraduate Program. All Rights Reserved.