2026 Fall Semester 2026 Application Guide for I nternational Students ®얻뽀뽀 YONSEI 140th ANNIVERSARY As this guide is based on the Korean version, the KOREAN text shall take precedence in case of any discrepancy. CONTENTS GUIDE ■ . Admission Schedule Ⅰ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 1 . Eligibility and Certificate of Admission Ⅱ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · 2 . Application Method and Procedure Ⅲ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · 4 . Application Materials Ⅳ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 6 . Information on Each Admission Track Ⅴ _1. International Student Track Ⅴ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 10 _2. GLC International Student Track Ⅴ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · 13 VARIOUS INFORMATION ■ . Information Ⅵ _1. Global Basic Education Division (GBED) Ⅵ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 16 _2. Apostille / Consulate Authentications Ⅵ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 18 _3. Certificate of Admission (for D-2 VISA) Ⅵ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 21 _4. Points of Cautions Ⅵ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 25 _5. Tuition Payment and Korean Language Program Ⅵ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 26 TEMPLATES ■ . Forms Ⅶ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · 28 _1. Academic History Record Sheet (for reference only) Ⅶ _2. Personal Statement (for reference only) Ⅶ Key Changes ▣ ▣ A New Department of College of Computing : Mobility Systems ▪ Addition of the Required Documents for All Applican ts ▪ Major/ Department Until AY2025 intake From AY2026 intake ALL Majors & departments Submission of Korean or English language proficiency scores is OPTIONAL. (not essential) Required to submit documents proving Korean or English proficiency (Mandatory) [Choose ONE ]  Korean or English language proficiency test score  Standardized test result indicating proficiency in Korean or English  Certificate of completion from a Korean language institution located in home country or abroad  Official documents proving that the applicant had taken courses conducted in Korean or English in his/her high school. - 1 All dates and times listed in this guideline are based on ※ Korea Standard Time (KST) . Category Date & Time Method Notes Online Application 2026. 3. 10.(Tue) 10:00 ~ 3. 26.(Thu) 17:00 Apply on the Yonsei University Office of Admissions Website The application can be submitted ONLINE ONLY. Documents Submission Until 2026. 4. 10.(Fri) 17:00 *Based on Arrival Postal Submission (Registered Mail / International Express Mail) Submission Address : Office of Admissions, 3 rd floor, Centennial Hall(#201), Yonsei University, 50 Yonsei-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, 03722, Republic of Korea (Attn: International Admissions Officer) After completing the online application, applicants must print it out and submit it with other documents via REGISTERED MAIL. Announcement of Application Results 2026. 6. 19.(Fri) 17:00 Yonsei University Office of Admissions Website Tuition fee Payment In July, 2026 Information regarding payment period and method will be notified through 'Guideline for Admitted International Students' Payment through individually assigned virtual bank account (Internet banking, account transfer, phone banking, etc) Yonsei University was founded on Christian values. All enrolled students are required to complete the designated Christianity courses and chapel. I Admission Schedule - 2 1. Eligibility and Requirements A. Applicants and both of their parents must hold a non-Korean nationality. B. Applicants must either hold or be expect to ho ld a high school diploma. Applicants must be expected to hold a high scho ol diploma by August 2026. ※ If the applicant does not submit required docum ents for Certificate of Admission(for VISA Issuance ) ※ within the deadline, Certificate of Admission(for V ISA) Issuance would be restricted. (Refer to page 3 and 21 for the details) C. Applicants must submit documents to verify Kor ean or English proficiency Major/ Department Language requirement All Majors / departments [Choose ONE] Korean or English language proficiency test score Standardized test result indicating proficiency in Korean or English Certificate of completion from an Korean language i nstitution Official documentation proving completion of high s chool courses conducted in Korean or English Only certificates that are valid as of the app lication deadline will be accepted. ※ All supporting documents must be submitted by the deadline. ※ Important Notes on Eligibility for Application  Citizenship status is determined at the time of app lication submission.  If the applicant or any one of the applicant's pare nts holds dual citizenship, one being Korean, the student is not eligible for this track.  Korea-born adoptees of foreign nationality are cons idered as foreign nationals only if they acquired the foreign nationality before entering elementary school (Grade 1).  Only applicants whose parents and the applicant the mselves acquired foreign nationality before the applicant began an education program equivalent to the Korean high school curriculum are eligible for this track.  The recognition of high school graduation by overse as high schools is determined by comprehensively considering the school system and semester of each country.  GED, home schooling, distance learning, or other eq uivalent certificates are not considered as a high school diploma, thus does not satisfy the mini mum criteria for eligibility. II Eligibility and Certificate of Admission - 3 2. Information on Certificate of Admission (for D-2 VISA Issuance) 표준입학허가서 A. Certificate of Admission (COA, in Korean) is a compulsory document for D-2 (student) visa application. B. As the Ministry of Justice strengthens immigr ation control for foreign students, required docume nts for COA (Certificate of Final Level of Education, C ertificate of Bank Balance) must be submitted by the submission due date. C. If you fail to submit the required documents for COA by the submission due date, the COA will no t be issued and the students are responsible for any disadvantages that occur due to this case. (submission due date: to be announced after the application results ) D. If incomplete submission of documents is disc overed, both COA and issued D-2 visa will become invalidated. E. Please also check the required documents for the D-2 visa application at the website of Korean embassy in advance since the original documents sub mitted to the university for the COA WILL NOT be returned to the student whatsoever after sub mission. F. The maximum D-2 period of stay for a bachelor 's degree program is up to 6 years from the date of admission. (including leave of absence period or D- 2 period of stay at another university in Korea / up to 7 years for the 5-year program) G. Students who will attend Yonsei University wi th a visa other than D-2 (such as F-4, F-5, H-2, A, etc): since the issuance of COA is unnecessary (the Certificate of Bank Balance is not required), please submit a copy of Korean Alien Registration C ard (front and back side, ivisa@yonsei.ac.kr ) to prove that you hold the appropriate visa qualificat ions for studying in Korea. H. Details are subject to change according to th e rules and regulations of the Ministry of Justice. - 4 1. Application Method A. Applicants may apply for one major or departme nt from the applicable majors and departments. B. Applicants may apply for both ' International Student Admission ' and ' GLC International Student Admission ' tracks, however they can only apply for Only ONE major or department per EACH TRACK . C. Applicants applying for both tracks must submi t required documents for each track separately . 2. Application Procedure Access to the online application link from Yonsei U niversity Office of Admissions website. ① (Online Application: http://apply.jinhakapply.com/) ▼ Read the application guideline carefully. ② ▼ Fill out the information required to apply. ③ ▼ Pay the application fee to receive an application n umber and complete the submission. ④ (After this step, the application cannot be modifie d or canceled, and the application fee is non-refun dable.) ▼ Print out the application and submit it along with the required documents to the Office of ⑤ Admissions within the submission period. ▼ Check the results on the Office of Admissions websi te. ⑥ ' ※ Academic History Record sheet ' and ' Personal Statement ' must be filled out directly at the application website, and no changes can be made after the appli cation deadline. Confirmation of submission only verifies the arri val statues of the documents. ※ 3. Application Fee Admission Track Major / Department Application Fee Int'l Student Track All Majors & departments 150,000 KRW GLC Int'l Student Track Global Leadership Division 1 50,000 KRW Ⅲ Application Method and Procedure - 5 4. Notes A. Once the application is completed (i.e., after paym ent of the application fee), it cannot be modified or canceled, and the application fee is non-refundable . However, in cases of natural disasters, evident errors by the institution during the admissions pro cess, or other circumstances in which the Universit y Admissions Committee determines that continuation o f the admissions process is impossible due to uncontrollable reasons not attributable to the applicant, a partial or full refund (excluding the admi ssion agent's service fee) may be granted. B. Applications are accepted online only. C. After submitting the online application, appli cants must send the required documents by post to t he Yonsei University Office of Admissions. Applicants who fail to submit the required documents within the designated submission period may be disadvantaged during the document review process. - 6 1. Required documents Ⅳ Application Materials Documents Essential /Optional Details Application Form Essential One printed copy of the application completed onlin e Academic History Record sheet Essential One printed copy of the application completed onlin e - List all elementary, middle, and high schools att ended. Personal Statement Essential One printed copy of the application completed onlin e High School Diploma or Certificate of (Expected) Graduation Graduates from high schools except P.R.China Essential Original document with an Apostille or Consulate Au thentication - Documents written in languages other than Korean or English must have a notarized translation and then be authe nticated with an Apostille or Consulate Authentication. - An Apostille or Consulate Authentication is not required for (expected) graduates from high school in Korea. Graduates from high schools in P.R.China Essential 1. Original document with an Apostille or Consulate Authentication (in English or Korean) 2. Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (in English) - Submit the original certificate 『 中国中等教育学历认证报告 issued 』 by the Chinese Ministry of Education( 中国高等教育学生信息网 ) Website for issuance: http://www.chsi.com.cn - If it is impossible to submit the original certi ficate 『 中国中等教育 学历认证报告 issued by the Chinese Ministry of Education, a 』 copy of school establishment license( 事业单位法人证书 ) or Private School Operating Permit( 民办学校办学许可证 )is required. Applicants expected to graduate: submit Verificat ion Report of ※ China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate after acceptance . ※ Both number 1 and 2 documents must be submitted. Official Transcripts of All Attended High School (G10, G11 and G12) Graduates from high schools except P.R.China Essential Original Yearly transcripts by each semester(term, quarter, etc.) with an Apostille or Consulate Authentication - Documents written in languages other than Korean or English must have a notarized translation and then be authe nticated with an Apostille or a Consulate Authentication. Graduates from high schools in P.R.China Essential 1. Yearly transcript by each semester(term, quarter, etc.) with an Apostille or a Consulate Authentication - Documents written in languages other than Korean or English must have a notarized translation and then be authe nticated with an Apostille or Consulate Authentication. 2. HUIKAO: Submit the original certificate [ 会考成绩认证报告 ] issued by the [ 中国高等教育学生信息网 ] (in English) OR Confirmation of HUIKAO( 会考 ) non-execution issued by the relevant school or th e office of City Education. Both number 1 and 2 documents must be submitted. ※ - 7 Documents Essential /Optional Details High School Course Completion Certificate (Only relevant applicants ) Essential If the applicant's high school offers multiple cour se types (such as full-time, correspondence, or other tracks), additi onal documentation verifying the actual program completed by the appli cant must be submitted. Documents verifying foreign nationality of applicant and his/her parents Essential A Copy of the applicant's and his/her parents' pass ports. It may be replaced with copies of identification cards of native ※ country(with authentication), or Certificate of Alien Registration issued by Korean Immigration Office are also accept able. Documents written in languages other than Korean or English ※ must be accompanied by a notarized translation. Official(legal) document indicating the relationship between the applicant and his/her parents Non -Chinese/ Japanese Nationals Essential Birth Certificate Other legal documentation indicating the relation ship between ※ the applicant and their parents may be accepted. Chinese Nationals Essential 1. Proof of kinship between the applicant and his/h er parents (Notarized translation in English or Korean)/ 亲属关系证明公证本 ( /英文 韩文 ) 2. Household Register (Notarized translation in English or Korean) / ( / ) 居⺠户⼝簿公证本 英文 韩文 Both number 1 and 2 documents must be submitted. ※ Japanese Nationals Essential Certificate of All Matters of the Family Register (戸籍謄本 全部事項証明書 ) 'Resident card( ※ 住民票 )' is NOT acceptable. Mandatory documents for foreigners with a history of holding Korean nationality (Only relevant applicants ) Essential 1. Official(legal) documentation verifying that the applicant and the applicant's parents have renounced their Korean citizenship. Such documents include a Certificate of Family Registry that shows 국적상실사실확인증명 Renunciation of Korean Citizenship, issued from 국적이탈사실확인증명 Korean Consulate or issued from Ministry of Justice. 2. Official(legal) documentation verifying the date the applicant and the applicant's parents have achieved foreign citizenship. Such documents include the Birth certificate or Certificate of citizenship. 국적상실 이탈 사실신고 접수증 및 신고서 ' ( ) ' is NOT acceptable. ※ 가족관계증명서 Certificate of Family Registry( ) can be issued at any ※ 주민센터 'Community Service Center( )'. Both number 1 and 2 documents must be submitted. ※ Documents verifying nationality status of foreign residents in Korea (Only relevant applicants ) Essential 외국인등록 사실증명 Certification of Foreign Resident Registration( ) or 국내거소신고 사실증명 Certification of Overseas Korean Registration( ) for both the applicant and his/her parent (One copy for each). Issuance: (On-line) plus.gov.go.kr ※ 주민센터 (Off-line) Community Service Center( ) Certificate of Language proficiency [Choose ONE] Essential - Korean or English language proficiency test score s - Standardized test results indicating proficiency in Korean or English - Certificate of completion from a Korean language institution located in home country or abroad - Official documents proving that the applicant had taken courses conducted in Korean or English in his/her high scho ol. - 8 2. Information on required documents for Certificate of Admission(COA) : Refer to VI_3 (page 21) 3. Notes A. Admitted students who are expected to graduate are required to submit a Certificate of High School Graduation and official transcripts, including the final semester grades, to the Yonsei University Off ice of Admissions by July 31, 2026 (Friday) by mail. B. All submitted documents must have the application number written in the upper right corner . C. All submitted documents must be original. Howev er, in unavoidable circumstances, notarized documents may be accepted. D. If there is any discrepancy in the name or date of birth on the submitted documents, the applicant must submit an additional official (legal) document verifying that all application materials refer to the same individual. E. Documents in languages other than Korean and En glish must be translated into Korean or English and must be notarized and submitted. ※ Translations completed by the applicant them selves are not accepted. 학교생활기록부 G. Applicants who have studied in high schools in Korea must submit . H. For tests such as TOEFL, SAT, AP, ACT, and IELT S, applicants must submit official scores to the Yonsei University Office of Admissions through the designated score-reporting system. The test name and score-reporting date must be entered during the online application so that the scores can be evaluated. It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure that scores are properly reported; oherwise the submitted scores will not be considered in the eval uation. Yonsei University institution number 【 】 - ETS/COLLEGE BOARD: 9893 - ACT: 7879 - IELTS, IB: Searching by institution name, c hoose'YONSEI UNIVERSITY'as the recipient. I. As the Yonsei University Office of Admissions primarily communicates with applicants via email, applicants must ensure that their email address, mo bile number, and any other contact information are entered accurately so that the office can promptly contact the applicant or guardian during the admissions process. J. Each applicant is solely responsible for provi ng his or her eligibility for admission by submitti ng the required supporting documents. Additional documents not listed in the application guidelines may be requested to verify information related to the appl icant's eligibility. Documents Essential /Optional Details Supplementary Documents Optional Middle school transcripts, awards, reports of standardized test scores, proof of foreign language proficiency, certificates/licenses, school profile etc. All submitted documents will not be returned to the applicants. ※ - 9 Ⅴ Information on Each Admission Track _1. International Student Track Ⅴ _2. GLC International Student Track Ⅴ - 10 V_1. International Student Track (Quota: a few) 1. Applicable Majors & Departments College Major / Department College of Liberal Arts *Korean Language & Literature *Chinese Language & Literature *English Language & Literature *German Language & Literature *French Language & Literature *Russian Language & Literature *History *Philosophy *Library & Information Science *Psychology College of Commerce & Economics Economics Applied Statistics College of Business Business Administration College of Science *Mathematics *Physics *Chemistry *Earth System Sciences Astronomy Atmospheric Sciences College of Engineering Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering Electrical & Electronic Engineering Architecture & Architectural Engineering Urban Planning & Engineering Civil & Environmental Engineering Mechanical Engineering Materials Science & Engineering Industrial Engineering College of Life Science & Biotechnology *Systems Biology *Biochemistry Biotechnology College Major / Department College of Computing School of Computing Integrated Information Technology Intelligent Semiconductor Technology Mobility Systems College of Theology *Theology College of Social Sciences Political Science & Int'l Studies Public Administration Social Welfare *Sociology Cultural Anthropology Mass Communication College of Human Ecology *Clothing & Textiles *Food & Nutrition Interior Architecture & Built Environment *Child & Family Studies Integrated Design Majors marked with an asterisk(*) offer pre-service ※ teacher preparation programs. Ⅴ Information on Each Admission Track - 11 Notes ※ - The departments and majors listed above are und ergraduate programs conducted in Korean , and some departments and majors may include courses taught in English. - All matriculated students for Academic Year 202 6 must complete their first and second semesters (freshmen year) at the International Campus in Incheon as part of the Residential College Program. - The Department of Architecture & Architectural Engineering is divided into two majors Architecture - (5-year program) and Architectural Engineering (4-y ear program). The specific major will be selected and assigned upon advancement to the sophomore year according to established criteria. - The School of Computing is divided into three d epartments Computer Science & Engineering, Artificial - Intelligence, and Artificial Intelligence Systems. Upon advancement to the sophomore year, one department within the School of Computing must be s elected. - The Department of Integrated Information Technol ogy, Department of Intelligent Semiconductor Technology, and Department of Mobility Systems unde r the College of Computing are completed entirely at the International Campus. - Current Accreditation by College and Department : Department of Business Administration has bee n certified with KABEA(Korean Association of Business Education Accreditation), AACSB(Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business International), EQUIS(the European Quality Improvement System) and AMBA(the Association of MBAs) - If Yonsei University determines that an applicat ion does not meet the eligibility requirements, the applicant will not be admitted. - 12 2. Eligibility and Requirements A. Applicants and both of their parents must hold a non-Korean nationality. B. Applicants must either hold or be expect to ho ld a high school diploma. Applicants must be expected to hold a high scho ol diploma by August 2026. ※ If the applicant do not submit required documen ts for Certificate of Admission(for VISA Issuance) ※ within the deadline, Certificate of Admission(for V ISA) Issuance would be restricted. (Refer to page 3 and 19 for the details) C. Applicants must submit documents to verify Kor ean or English proficiency Major/ Department Language requirement All Majors / departments [Choose ONE] Korean or English language proficiency test score Standardized test result indicating proficiency in Korean or English Certificate of completion from an Korean language i nstitution Official documentation proving completion of high s chool courses conducted in Korean or English Only certificates that are valid as of the app lication deadline will be accepted. ※ All supporting documents must be submitted by the deadline. ※ 3. Evaluation Criteria Yonsei University conducts a comprehensive evaluati on of each applicant based on high school transcripts, standardized test scores, awards, cert ificates/licenses, language proficiency test scores, and the high school profile Standardized tests e.g.: , , ACT, AP, AST, ATAR, ENEM, GSAT, GCE A-LEVEL, HKDSE, IB, 高考 中考 ※ NCEA, SAT, STPM, UEC, etc. Classification Grading Scale Contents Document review 100% - Comprehensive evaluation based on the submitted d ocuments, considering academic competency, career competency and concern for others/community, etc. - 13 V_2. GLC International Student Track (Quota: a few) 1. Department & Majors College Department Major Global Leaders College Global Leadership Division International Commerce Korean Language & Culture Education Cultural Media Bio & Living Engineering Applied Information Engineering Notes ※ - The departments and majors listed above are u ndergraduate programs conducted in Korean , and some departments and majors may include courses taught in English. - All matriculated students for Academic Year 2 026 must complete their first and second semesters (freshmen year) at the International Campus in Incheon as part of the Residential College Program. - Admitted students for GLC International Stude nt track can select a specific major within the Glo bal Leadership Division. - If Yonsei University determines that an applic ation does not meet the eligibility requirements, t he applicant will not be admitted. 2. Eligibility and Requirements A. Applicants and both of their parents must hold a non-Korean nationality. B. Applicants must either hold or be expect to ho ld a high school diploma. Applicants must be expected to hold a high scho ol diploma by August 2026. ※ If the applicant do not submit required documen ts for Certificate of Admission(for VISA Issuance) ※ within the deadline, Certificate of Admission(for V ISA) Issuance would be restricted. (Refer to page 3 and 19 for the details) C. Applicants must submit documents to verify Kor ean or English proficiency Major/ Department Language requirement All Majors / departments [Choose ONE] Korean or English language proficiency test score Standardized test result indicating proficiency in Korean or English Certificate of completion from an Korean language i nstitution Official documentation proving completion of high s chool courses conducted in Korean or English Only certificates that are valid as of the app lication deadline will be accepted. ※ All supporting documents must be submitted by the deadline. ※ Ⅴ Information on Each Admission Track - 14 3. Evaluation Criteria Yonsei University conducts a comprehensive evaluati on of each applicant based on high school transcripts, standardized test scores, awards, cert ificates/licenses, language proficiency test scores, and the high school profile Standardized tests e.g.: , , ACT, AP, AST, ATAR, ENEM, GSAT, GCE A-LEVEL, HKDSE, IB, 高考 中考 ※ NCEA, SAT, STPM, UEC, etc. Classification Grading Scale Contents Document review 100% - Comprehensive evaluation based on the submitted d ocuments, considering academic competency, career competency and concern for others/community, etc. - 15 Ⅵ Information _1. Global Basic Education Division (GBED) Ⅵ _2. Apostille / Consulate Authentications Ⅵ _3. Certificate of Admission (for D-2 VISA Application) Ⅵ _4. Points of Cautions Ⅵ _5. Tuition Payment and Korean Language Program Ⅵ - 16 VI_1. Global Basic Education Division (GBED) The following information provides an overview of t he Global Basic Education Division for internationa l students entering Yonsei University. Please review the information carefully. Global Basic Education Division (GBED) ■ International freshmen entering Yonsei University will study at the Global Basic Education Division affiliated with Global Leaders College(GLC) for 1 y ear. The Global Basic Education Division was established to help the international freshmen adap t to the university life and develop their major academic abilities. At the Global Basic Education D ivision, freshmen will receive intensive instructio n to improve their Korean language proficiency required for their liberal arts and major studies. 1. Affiliation by Academic Year Year Freshman Sophomore ~ Senior Affiliation Global Basic Education Division of the Global Leaders College  Int'l Student track : Each major or department (College of Liberal Arts, College of Commerce & Economics, College of Business, College of Engineering, etc.)  GLC Int'l Student track : Select a specific major within Global Leadership Division Location International Campus Sinchon Campus or Int'l Campus 2. Programs and Services provided by the Global Basic Education Division A. Exclusive Education Programs for International Students 1) To support non-Korean-speaking students in b oth their academic success and successful integration into university life, we offer a range of Korean la nguage support programs as well as a specialized education program designed to ease their transition into their chosen major. 2) We offer general education courses specifica lly designed for international students, enabling them to develop essential academic competencies while overcoming language challenges. B. A Variety of Extracurricular Programs and Pers onalized Academic Advising Tailored for Internation al Students 1) To support the successful academic journey o f international students, we have established The Learning Center, which offers comprehensive academi c services. The center continuously develops and provides various extracurricular programs, incl uding one-on-one tutoring and face-to-face writing consultations, all aimed at enhancing Korean language proficiency. Ⅵ Information - 17 2) During the first year at the Global Basic Ed ucation Division, GLC offers personalized academic advising, including consultations on the curriculum and educational requirements for each department, as well as specialized guidance from ac ademic advisors who support international students. This helps students transition smoothly into their second-year major courses. C. Extra-Curricular Opportunities GLC offers a range of engaging experiences and learning opportunities through special extracurricular programs designed specifically for international st udents, such as the Korean Cultural Experience program. D. One-stop Student Service We provide comprehensive guidance and services to help international students smoothly adjust to university life in Korea, including assistance with dormitory registration, course enrollment, and oth er necessary support. 3. Notes A. Affiliation Period with the Global Basic Education Division : The first two semesters after admission (befo re declaring a major), in principle ※ During the affiliation with the Global Basic Educat ion Division, students are required to pay the division's tuition fees. B. Glogal Basic Education Division students must achieve TOPIK level 3 or higher to declare one's ma jor. TOPIK scores may be replaced with Certificate of Co mpletion of Korean language curriculum or Korean Language Examination score both designated by Yonse i KLI and deemed to be equivalent to that of TOPIK level 3 or higher. (Students majoring in spor ts are excluded) And it can be replaced with Sejong Korean language Assessment(SKA) score of 321 points or higher. However, specific criteria for Korean Language proficiency may vary among students depending on the year of admission. C. After entering a major, students will be affil iated with their respective departments, and during the period they belong to the Global Basic Education Di vision, they are required to pay the tuition fees o f the Global Basic Education Division. The content above may change depending on the circu mstances. ※ For more details, please contact Global Leaders Col lege(GLC) ※ - Contact Information : +82-32-749-3501, 3502 - 18 VI_2. Apostille / Consulate Authentications 1. Submission of Documents for Academic Credential Verification for Overseas high School Graduates For all documents related to high school graduation (or expected graduation) and transcripts, applican ts must obtain authentication through one of the optio ns listed below (A C) and submit them during the - document submission period. In cases of unavoidable delay, the documents must be submitted to the Yonsei University Office of Admissions by the desig nated date announced after the release of the application results. A. Academic documents authenticated with an Apost ille stamp B. Academic documents obtaining Consulate Authent ication from the Korean Embassy in the country where the applicant's school is located. (Consulate Authentication from the Embassy or Consular office of relevant country in Korea is also accepta ble.) C. China Qualifications Verification issued by th e China Academic Degrees and Graduate Education Development Center for applicants who have attended or graduated from schools in the People's Republic of China. This option applies only to Chinese high schoo l graduates ※ Certification Institute Information 【 】 Institute Name : ○ 中国高等教育学生信息信网 (学信网 ) Website : http://www.chsi.com.cn/xlrz/index.jsp ○ Email : ○ kefu@chsi.com.cn Tel. : +86-10-67410388 ○ WeChat: chsi_chesicc ○ 서울공자아카데미 Certification Agency in Korea: Confucius Institute in Seoul( ) ※ 중국학력인증 Website: https://renew.kongzi.co.kr ○ → Email : ○ cis88@cis.or.kr Tel. : +82-2-554-2688 ○ * Types of Academic Documents (for High School) : Certificate of Enrollment, Certificate of ( Expected) graduation, Transcript Ⅵ Information - 19 2. Reference for the Apostille Convention A. The Apostille Convention 1) Refers to the Convention Abolishing the Requ irement of Legalization for Foreign Public Documents 2) Facilitates the circulation of public docume nts between the states who are party to the Convent ion by abolishing the process of certifying documents t wice by the foreign ministry of the country where the document was issued and by the foreign mi nistry of the country where the document will be used. 3) Legally validates documents issued in the si gnatory countries as to be certified by the foreign ministry of the country when the documents receive Apostille. 4) Supplementary documents to be attached when applying for a visa issuance certificate can either have existing consulate authentications or Apostille. B. For more and updated information on Apostille, please refer to Apostille Section at Hague Confere nce on Private International Law Website(www.hcch.net) 3. Process of obtaining Apostille A. Public documents(from public schools) Public documents issued ⇒ Visit an organization issuing Apostille ⇒ Apply for Apostille ⇒ The organization checks the document for Apostille ⇒ Apostille issued B. Private documents(from private schools)* Private documents issued ⇒ Have the documents notarized at Notary Office* ⇒ Visit an organization issuing Apostille ⇒ Apply for Apostille ⇒ The organization checks the document for Apostille ⇒ Apostille issued * In case of private documents, Apostille will be issued when documents notarized in the country a re submitted. - 20 4. Members to the Apostille Convention (As of 2025. 3. 30.) Classification Nations Asia, Oceania New Zealand, Niue, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Mon golia, Vanuatu, Bangladesh, Brunei, Samoa, Singapore, Australia, India, Indonesia, Japan, China (including Macau and Hong Kong), Cook Islands, Tajikistan, Tonga, Pa kistan, Palau, Fiji, Philippines, Republic of Korea Europe Georgia, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Russia, Romania, Luxembourg, Lithuania, Liechtenstein, North Macedon ia, Monaco, Montenegro, Moldova, Malta, Belgium, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzeg ovina, Bulgaria, Cyprus, San Marino, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Slovaki a, Slovenia, Armenia, Iceland, Ireland, Azerbaijan, Andorra, Albania, Estonia, Uni ted Kingdom, Austria, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Italy, Czech Republic, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Croatia, Kyrgyzstan, Turkye, Portugal, Poland, France, Finland, Hungary North America United States (including Guam, Maury Islands, Saipan, Puerto Rico), Canada Latin America Guyana, Guatemala, Grenada, Nicaragua, Dominican Re public, Commonwealth of Dominica, Mexico, Barbados, Bahamas, Venezuela, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Arg entina, Antigua and Barbuda, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, Uruguay, Chile, Cos ta Rica, Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, Panama, Peru, Paraguay, Jamaica Africa Namibia, South Africa, Liberia, Lesotho, Malawi, Bo tswana, Sao Tome and Principe, Senegal, Seychelles, Eswatini, Cape Verde, Burundi, Tunisia, Rwanda Middle East Morocco, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Israel - 21 VI_3. Certificate of Admission (for D-2 VISA Application) 1. Documents for the Certificate of Admission (COA) Successful applicants must complete tuition payment in July 2026. Also, for the Certificate of Admissi on (COA), successful applicants with non-Korean nationalities must submit the Certificate of Final Level of Education and Certificate of Bank Balance by the su bmission due date (to be announced after the application results). REQUIRED DOCUMENTS 【 】 A. [ORIGINAL DOCUMENTS] Certificate of Final Level of Education (ex. Certificate of high school graduation) verified by one of the following methods. The Certificate must be issued on or after March 1, 2026. However, certificates that are not ※ issued additionally, such as diplomas, may be accepted as exceptions. Ⅵ Information Category Documents to be submitted (This does not apply to students who have previously submitted the following required documents during the application period ) Graduates from high schools in Korea  Certificate of graduation (verification is not required) Graduates from high schools Not in Korea or China  Certificate of graduation with an Apostille OR 영사확인 Consular Legalization ( in Korean) by Korean consulate in the country where the schoo l is located (or consulate in Korea of the country where the school is located)  Certificates issued in Apostille convention countries: Apostille  Certificates issued in NON-Apostille convention cou ntries: Consular Legalization 영사확인 ( in Korean)  If the documents are not in English or Korean, obta in an Apostille OR Consular 영사확인 Legalization ( in Korean) on a notarized translation in English . Graduates from high schools in China  Certificate of graduation with CHSI Verification Report in English by Degree Certification Center operated by Chinese Ministry of Education (CHSI) according to the following table.  https://www.chsi.com.cn/en/pvr/brief_cseqc.jsp Type Verified Document Details Freshmen Certificate of High School Graduation ◇ High school - (Graduation) CHSI Verification Report in English ( 学信网 ) - 22 Category Documents to be submitted (This does not apply to students who have previously submitted the following required documents during the application period )  Graduates of schools listed below (Chinese secondary vocational schools, etc.) for whom CHSI Verification Reports are not issued (limi ted to graduates from academic institutions) Type Verified Document Note 중등 직업 학교 (Secondary vocational school) 보통중등 전문학교 (普通中专 ) Regular Specialized Secondary Schools Online publishing ① ) ⅰ Certificate of graduation issued by local education authorities (*) - Apostille is required * Accepted only when online verification of authenticity is available Offline publishing ('Confirmation of school ② information' must be submitted, form request required) ) Certificate of graduation issued by local educati on ⅰ authorities - Apostille is required ) Certificate of graduation issued by the school : ⅱ * Confirmation of provincial education office (ci ty education bureau)(*) + Apostille is required * In the case of Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, or Tianjin, the official name of the office of education is 'Education Committee' Choose 1 직업고등학교 (职业高中 ) Vocational High Schools 성인중등 전문학교 ( )成人中专 Adult Specialized Secondary Schools 기술공업학교 ( )技工学校 Skilled Workers Schools Human Resources Social Security Department official homepage (http://www.mohrss.gov.cn/ ) online verification (*) + Apostille * Accepted only when online verification of authenticity is available 기타 고졸학력 인정 학교 (Other accredited high school) Certificate of graduation issued by the school + Apostille A copy of certificate of establishment required - ※ business unit corporation certificate ( 事业单位法人 证书 ) or private school certificate ( ⺠办学校办学许 可证 ) (only academic curriculum is accepted, notarization is not required) - 23 B. [ORIGINAL DOCUMENT] Certificate of Bank Balance : please issue 2 original copies of Certificate of Bank Balance - submit one to the Office of Admission for the COA, and the other one to Korean consulate for the D-2 visa application. Requirements Details Amount  [Degree Program Freshmen] KRW 22,000,000 or more Account Holder  The Certificate of Bank Balance must be under the n ame of applicant's or applicants' parents.  The Certificate of Family Relationship must also be submitted if the Certificate of Bank Balance is under the name of ap plicants' parents.  For those residing in Korea with an alien registrat ion, the certificate must be issued by a domestic (Korean) bank , and the account holder of the certificate must be applicant him/herself (a copy of Korean Alien Registration Card (front and back side) must also be submitted).  Those who are subject to full scholarship from the university, embassy, or religious organization can submit their proof of sc holarship instead. Date of Issuance  Date of issuance: to be announced after the application results  All these procedures must be completed within 30 days from the date of issuance , so that please prepare the required documents suc h as the Certificate of Final Level of Education in advance: the ORIGINAL ① Certificate of Bank Balance must arrive at the Offi ce of Admission by post mail (DHL, EMS, etc) / the COA is issued / applicat ion for D-2 visa ② ③ must be completed.  Certificates with an expiration date are recognized as valid until the expiration date (but only for maximum of 6 months from the dat e of issuance).  The Certificate of Bank Balance must be maintained during the period of permitted stay in Korea. Additional requirements for the certificates from the Chinese banks  The certificates must be a Term Account ( 定期 , 정기예금 ) issued from one of the following: Bank of China (中国银行 ), ICBC (中国工商银行 ), China Construction Bank ( 中国建设银行 ), Agricultural Bank of China (中国农业银行 )  All these procedures must be completed within 30 days from the date of issuance , so that please prepare the required documents suc h as the Certificate of Final Level of Education in advance: the ORIGINAL ① Certificate of Bank Balance must arrive at the Offi ce of Admission by post mail (DHL, EMS, etc) / the COA is issued / applicat ion for D-2 visa ② ③ must be completed.  The last day of deposit freezing period must be after 60 days from the date that the certificate arrives at the Office of Admis sion (it is recommended to be frozen by November 30, 2026 ). - 24 2. Notes on Submission 표준입학허가서 A. Certificate of Admission (COA, in Korean) is a compulsory document for D-2 (student) visa application. B. As the Ministry of Justice strengthens immigr ation control for foreign students, required docume nts for COA (Certificate of Final Level of Education, C ertificate of Bank Balance) must be submitted by the submission due date. C. If you fail to submit the required documents for COA by the submission due date, the COA will no t be issued and the students are responsible for any disadvantages that occur due to this case. (submission due date: to be announced after the application results ) D. If incomplete submission of documents is disc overed, both COA and issued D-2 visa will become invalidated. E. Please also check the required documents for the D-2 visa application at the website of Korean embassy in advance since the original documents sub mitted to the university for the COA WILL NOT be returned to the student whatsoever after sub mission. F. The maximum D-2 period of stay for a bachelor 's degree program is up to 6 years from the date of admission. (including leave of absence period or D- 2 period of stay at another university in Korea / up to 7 years for the 5-year program) G. Students who will attend Yonsei University wi th a visa other than D-2 (such as F-4, F-5, H-2, A, etc): since the issuance of COA is unnecessary (the Certificate of Bank Balance is not required), please submit a copy of Korean Alien Registration C ard (front and back side, ivisa@yonsei.ac.kr ) to prove that you hold the appropriate visa qualificat ions for studying in Korea. H. Details are subject to change according to th e rules and regulations of the Ministry of Justice. Requirements Details etc  Notarized translation in English must be submitted with the original documents if the Certificate of Bank Balance or the Certificate of Family Relationship is not in English or Korean.  Check if the English names on passport, Certificate of Bank Balance, and Certificate of Family Relationship match.  The Certificate of Bank Balance must be confirmed a s original through a bank staff's signature , stamp , QR Code for online verification , etc ( electronic signatures or stamps are not accepted ).  For your D-2 visa application, if you need to submi t a Certificate of Bank Balance that is not the same as the one submitted t o the Office of Admission, please issue 2 original copies, submit o ne to Korean consulate for your visa application, and the other one to the Office of Admission additionally .  Students who will attend Yonsei University with a v isa other than D-2 (such as a F-4, F-5, H-2, A, etc): since the is suance of COA is unnecessary ( the Certificate of Bank Balance is not required ), please submit a copy of Korean Alien Registration C ard (front and back side, ivisa@yonsei.ac.kr ) to prove that you hold the appropriate visa qualifications for studying in Korea. - 25 VI_4. Points of Cautions 1. Application and Enrollment A. Evaluations are conducted continuously and com prehensively, taking into account applicants' academic backgrounds and submitted certificates and licenses , in addition to the basic screening. Therefore, information regarding the progress of the screening process will not be disclosed. However, individual contact can be made during the process in case addi tional documents need to be submitted. B. Each applicant is fully responsible for submit ting all required documents and will bear responsib ility for any disadvantages resulting from failure to submit the required materials. C. As the Yonsei University Office of Admissions primarily communicates with applicants via email, applicants must ensure that their email address, mo bile number, and any other contact information are entered accurately so that the office can promp tly contact the applicant or guardian during the admissions process. D. The offer of admission will be AUTOMATICALLY w ithdrawn if the tuition payment has not been made in time. E. Restriction on dual enrollment : Students who receive more than one offer of a dmission from multiple universities in the Fall 202 6 admission cycle must enroll at only one university. 2. Notes on Admission A. If students do not comply with University's pr escribed process and rules, or if required document s are not completely submitted, the students will be disqualified. B. The application result will be announced on th e Yonsei University Office of Admissions Website. C. Applicants who submit forged or falsified docu ments, use substitute test-takers, or fail to meet the specified eligibility requirements will not be admitted. If any such facts are discovered after admiss ion has been granted, the admission decision will be re voked, even after the letter of acceptance has been issued or course registration has been complet ed. D. If Yonsei University determines that an applic ation does not meet the eligibility requirements, t he applicant will not be admitted. E. Details regarding admission decisions will not be disclosed. F. All screening and decision making will be made by the University Admissions Committee. Ⅵ Information - 26 VI_5. Tuition Payment and Korean Language Program 1. Tuition Payment Guide Successful applicants must pay the full amount of tuition during the designated registration period. Please refer to the Yonsei University website to ch eck the tuition fee: Yonsei University Website(https://www.yonsei.ac.kr/sites/en_sc/index.do) 'Admissions' in menu 'Tuition' → → → 'Undergraduate' During the affiliation with the Global Basic Educ ation Division, students are required to pay the ※ division's tuition fees. 2. Korean Language Programs by Proficiency Level A. Korean language education is provided accordin g to the submitted results of the successful applic ants' TOPIK score or the Certificate of Completion from t he Korean Language Institute of Yonsei University. In order to successfully navigate the university cu rriculum applicants are encouraged to improve their Korean language proficiency as much as possible before enrolling at Yonsei University. B. Before enrollment, students may complete a Kor ean language course at Yonsei University's Korean Language Institute. Upon submission of a certificat e of completion, the corresponding level of Korean language proficiency may be officially recognized. C. If applicants do not submit a Yonsei Universit y Korean Language Institute(KLI) completion certificate or TOPIK score by the specified date, they will be ass igned to GLC Korean Beginner curriculum for the 1st semester of their freshman year. The due date w ill be announced to matriculated students. ※ Korean Language Test Waivers - Admitted students can be exempt from GLC Korean Language Proficiency test if they submit a Yonsei KLI Certificate or TOPIK Score. - The submission period for transcripts or certif icates of completion for exemption from the GLC Korean language proficiency test will be separa tely announced only to matriculated students. Certificates of completion of Korean language cours es other than the Yonsei University Korean ※ Language Institute will not be accepted for test ex emption. Ⅵ Information - 27 3. Korean Language Proficiency Requirements for Major Entrance and Graduation Successful applicants of the International studen t track and the GLC International student track mus t acquire the Korean Language Proficiency listed below for major entrance and graduation. A. Before entering the major: TOPIK level 3 or hi gher (Students majoring in sports are exempt) B. Before graduation: TOPIK level 4 or higher C. Official Korean test score can be replaced wit h the result of the Korean language test or complet ion of equivalent or higher Korean language course desi gnated by the Yonsei University Korean Language Institute. The above Korean language proficiency requirement s apply to students admitted in the 2026 academic ※ year and are subject to change depending on the yea r of admission. 4. Office and Contact Information Inquiries on Department in charge Contact Scholarships Office of Student Affairs & Services +82-2-2123-8191 ~2 Course Registration Office of Academic Affairs +82-2-2123-2091~7, 2087 YIC(Songdo) Dormitory YIC Dormitory Management Team +82-32-749-2991~2 Teacher Training Courses College of Edu. Admin. Office +82-2-2123-3163 Visa and Certificate of Admission Global One-Stop Service Center +82-2-2123-6492 Health Insurance for Int'l Students Global One-Stop Service Center +82-2-2123-3488 Exchange Student Program Office of International Affairs +82-2-2123-8453 Korean Language Program Korean Language Institute (KLI) +82-2-2123-3464 Global Leaders College GLC Admin. Office +82-32-749-3501, 3502 - 28 Ⅶ Forms _1. Academic History Record Sheet(for reference only) Ⅶ _2. Personal Statement(for reference only) Ⅶ This is a sample form. Please complete and submit A cademic History Record Sheet on the online application website. ※ Academic History Record Sheet Admission Track International Student Track □ GLC International Student Track □ Department/Division Applicant Name 1. Records of elementary, middle and high school enrollment period by schools attended Fill in the form based in chronological order from elementary, middle and high school. ※ It is recommended applicants to list the facts on c ollege or university entrance if have any. ※ School Information Enrollment Information # School Name School System (years) Country City Enrolled grade & semester Enrolled Period(yyyy/mm/dd) 1 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 2 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 3 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 4 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 5 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 6 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 7 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 8 grade semester~ grade semester . . .~ . . . 2. Special Note If there are any special matters, such as double at tendance of same grade, grade skipping, omission of grades ※ for a particular semester, or leave of absence, the following table must be filled out. Grade/Semester Reason The above contents are factually true and if any false entry is confirmed, I will accept the corresponding measures of the school, such as admission revocation even after admission. Agree □ YYYY . MM . DD Applicant Name: (signature) Application Number This is a sample form. Please complete and submit y our personal statement on the online application website. ※ Personal Statement (For International Applicants) Applicant Information à Applicant Name Date of Birth High School Name Department/Division Seoul Campus Department(Division/Major) I certify that all information submitted in this fo rm is my own work, factually true, and honestly presented, and Thus understand that I may be subjec t to a range of possible disciplinary actions, including admission revocation, should the information I have certified be false. Signature: Date: To Yonsei University President Important Notes ▣ 1. Applicants should include truthful and accurate information in this form. If the information is found to be false, plagiarized, or written by someone other than the applicant, he or she will be disqualified regardless of evaluation result . 2. Personal Statement must be written in Korean or English using this official form. 3. Including the real names or social and economic status of parents or relatives in the personal statement may negatively impact the evaluation of y our application. 4. Sections 1, 2 and 3 are mandatory for all applicants. Section 4 is optional, but applicants to whom it applies must complete it. 5. The personal statement is considered strictly co nfidential and will not be subject to public viewin g or release. It will be used only for admission review and personal counseling after entering Yonsei University. Application Number This is a sample form. Please complete and submit y our personal statement on the online application website. ※ 1. Motivation for Application Please explain your reason for applying to Yonsei U niversity and the department/major. (180 words or less) 2. Personal Development Please write how you prepared in order to gain the abilities needed to be a successful int'l student. (600 words or less) Application Number This is a sample form. Please complete and submit y our personal statement on the online application website. ※ 3. Understanding and Adjusting to Korean Culture Provide specific examples to explain the cultural d ifferences the applicant has experienced and describe ways to resolve potential conflicts arising from such cultural differences. (300 words or less) 4. Others A. Please provide detailed information about what you have done since graduating from high school (e .g., further education, employment). - High school graduates are required to answer this section . B. In addition to the above, if there are any spe cial circumstances or additional information you wi sh to share about yourself, please describe them in detail. (300 words or less) Application Number