Skip to main content Apply Our Students Majors, Minors, and More Beyond Campus Campus Life Your First Year School Spirit + Community Financial Support Connect Visit Search Search Menu Menu Search for: Search Clear Search Close Search Frequently Asked Questions How do I visit Duke? How do I apply to Duke? How should I prepare in high school for Duke? What does Duke look for in applicants? How do I join Duke's mailing list? Where can I find Duke admissions FAQs? Learn More Visit Duke Apply to Duke Our Students Majors, Minors, and More Campus Life Your First Year Financial Support Financial Support Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support Apply Our Students Toggle Majors, Minors, and More Beyond Campus Campus Life Toggle Your First Year School Spirit + Community Financial Support Counselors Families Resources + FAQs Contact Accessibility Connect Visit Counselors Families Resources + FAQs Contact Accessibility Apply Slide 1 Apply Join Our Community of Doers The outstanding individuals who apply for admission to Duke each year continually astound us. We are always excited to welcome a new class into our collaborative community of intellectual explorers. Start Your Application First-Year or Transfer ? First-year applicants may apply using the Common Application or QuestBridge Application for eligible students. Transfer applicants may apply using the Duke Transfer Application or the Coalition, powered by Scoir . Choose One Trinity College of Arts & Sciences or Pratt School of Engineering ? Early Decision or Regular Decision? Dates, Deadlines, and Checklist Early Decision applications are due November 2 . Regular Decision applications are due January 4 . Transfer applications are due March 15 . Scroll down for additional deadlines. Once we receive the student-submitted portions of your application, you'll receive an email to access your Application Checklist . FIRST-YEAR APPLICANTS When evaluating applications to Duke, the admissions committee reviews several documents that make up each file. As a part of our holistic approach, we consider both your academic and personal interests, what you've accomplished, and your unique experiences, perspectives, and background. The information below represents the 2026-27 admission cycle requirements and deadlines. For a quick reference of deadlines, click here . APPLICATION INFORMATION DECISION PLANS TRANSCRIPTS TESTS RECOMMENDATIONS EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES ESSAYS APPLICATION FEE INTERVIEWS SUPPLEMENTS APPLICATION INFORMATION DECISION PLANS TRANSCRIPTS TESTS RECOMMENDATIONS EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES ESSAYS APPLICATION FEE INTERVIEWS SUPPLEMENTS USING THIS SECTION Toggle Find the information you need to complete your Duke application. Select a tab to explore requirements and guidance for each part of the application. If you're accessing this page on a mobile device, scroll through the tabs below to view all application topics, including testing, essays, recommendations, interviews, and more. Early Decision v Regular Decision Toggle Early Decision is a binding program for students whose top choice is Duke. Regular Decision is for students who want to keep their options open. Visit our FAQs for more information. For a quick reference of deadlines, click here . Early Decision Deadlines Toggle Early August Common Application made available November 2 Application for Early Decision Early Decision Agreement High School Transcript First Quarter Grades (submit via Optional Report; will accept through November 20 or when your first term ends) Secondary School Report with Counselor Recommendation Two Teacher Recommendations SAT and/or ACT Scores (optional, last day to take standardized tests is November 7 for SAT; October 17 for ACT) Arts Supplement (optional) Financial Aid Applications CSS Profile FAFSA November 9 Glimpse Interviews (optional) November 15 Additional Financial Aid Documents (like your taxes) Mid-December Decisions released Regular Decision Deadlines Toggle Early August Common Application made available January 4 Application for Regular Decision High School Transcript Secondary School Report with Counselor Recommendation Two Teacher Recommendations SAT and/or ACT Scores (optional, last day to take standardized tests is December 5 for SAT; December 12 for ACT) Arts Supplement (optional) January 11 Glimpse Interviews (optional) February 1 Financial Aid Applications CSS Profile FAFSA February 15 Midyear Grade Report (or as soon as first marking period grades are available) Late March/Early April Decisions released More Information Toggle Click here to learn more about what we look for in applications. Course Selection Toggle Enroll in the best available and most challenging courses. We recommend four years of English and at least three years of mathematics, natural sciences, world language, and social studies. We generally expect students to enroll in five academic courses per year, and if a student does not take four years in a particular subject area, it should be replaced with an academic course of equal rigor. For students applying to the Pratt School of Engineering, we require coursework in calculus and strongly recommend physics. We also encourage students to enroll in advanced-level work in as many areas as reasonable, regardless of your intended major. For some students, this will include AP or IB courses, whereas for others it will include honors, accelerated, or college courses. First Quarter Grades, Midyear Grades, and Final Transcripts Toggle We look at the courses you've taken from what's available to you, individual grades in academic courses, overall GPA, and class rank (when available). Official transcripts for all academic work completed in high school are required and must be submitted by your school counselor or another school official. We require first-quarter/marking-period grades for all Early Decision applicants to be submitted with the Common Application by your counselor or as soon as they become available. If your school is unable to provide us with first-quarter grades, you should request an unofficial progress report. First-Quarter Grade Report We require midyear grades for all applicants by February 15 or as soon as they are available, to be submitted with the Common Application by your counselor. All admitted students must request that a final official transcript be submitted along with the Final Report form with the Common Application. College and Summer School Transcripts Toggle If you have taken postsecondary or summer coursework that does not appear on your high school transcript, please request an official transcript and/or a progress report from the institution that provided instruction. International Students Toggle For international students whose transcripts need to be translated into English, students may use an official service, an EducationUSA adviser, or a school official. Please keep in mind that we also expect the original documents to be submitted with the translated documents. School Report forms and transcripts must be submitted directly from an applicant's school. More Information Toggle What We Look For College Preparation Tips Academics FAQ Test-Optional Policy 2026-2027 Toggle Duke University is test-optional for both first-year and transfer applicants in the 2026-2027 admissions cycle. Students who apply without SAT or ACT scores this year will not be at a disadvantage in our consideration of their applications. Our decisions are based on a student's comprehensive application materials, with or without test scores. We will continue to consider SAT and ACT scores as part of the application of students who choose to submit them, and will accept self-reported scores for purposes of assessing an application. Scores sent by testing agencies will be required only from students who enroll at Duke. Students taking the ACT are encouraged to include the science section, especially if they are interested in STEM fields. While the science section is not required, a science score, if submitted, will be considered as additional information in our holistic review. If you are submitting ACT scores from multiple test dates, please report your highest section scores from each individual test date, along with your official ACT superscore, which can be found in your MyACT account. How should I decide whether or not to have my SAT or ACT considered? The decision of whether or not to have your SAT or ACT considered is entirely yours. Choosing not to have SAT or ACT scores considered will not impact your admissions decision. You may wish to consult our ADMISSIONS PROFILE for students admitted to Duke in previous years as a guide. If you're still uncertain, you may wish to opt-out of having your scores considered when you apply because you will be able to opt-in later. We will consider other scores like AP and IB scores, if you choose to report them. Please note if you choose to not have your scores considered, we will not suppress AP scores or IB scores if they are already on file with Duke. Visit our Resources + FAQs for more information about our Test-Optional Policy. Duke CEEB Code: 5156 STANDARDIZED TESTS (ACT & SAT) Toggle Duke will consider official scores as well as scores that are self-reported on the application. Submitting essay scores from the ACT and/or SAT is optional. For students who submit both ACT and SAT scores, Duke will consider your best score. The ACT Students must submit at least one full set of scores from a single test date but may also submit scores from subsections taken individually on different test dates. Duke will consider the highest scores on each section, regardless of the test date, and will create a new composite score by averaging those scores. We do not require the optional essay. Students taking the ACT are encouraged to include the science section, especially if they are interested in STEM fields. While the science section is not required, a science score, if submitted, will be considered as additional information in our holistic review. If you are submitting ACT scores from multiple test dates, please report your highest section scores from each individual test date, along with your official ACT superscore, which can be found in your MyACT account. The SAT Duke will consider the highest scores on each section of the SAT, regardless of the test date. SAT with essay and SAT Subject Tests have been discontinued. If you have SAT essay scores, you are welcome to submit them, but they are optional. ENGLISH PROFICIENCY TESTS Toggle If you are a non-native English speaker or if you are not currently studying in an English-medium curriculum, we recommend but do not require that you take an English proficiency test. If you take the test more than once, we will use your highest score, and we do not have any preference among English proficiency tests. Cambridge C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency (Minimum score expected is 180) Duolingo (Minimum score expected is 130) IELTS (Minimum band score expected is 7) PTE Academic (Minimum score expected is 70) TOEFL (including the TOEFL Home Edition) Minimum scores expected: 100 on the internet-based TOEFL 75 on the revised TOEFL paper-delivered test PLACEMENT POLICIES Toggle Duke University awards a limited amount of course credit and advanced placement on the basis of scores earned on Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), and pre-matriculation college coursework. However, course credit and advanced placement are not granted until the student has been admitted and until the official reports are received and evaluated by our Registrar's Office. Since this process is handled outside the Admissions Office, a credit evaluation cannot be made until the student arrives on campus. Click here for more information. REQUIRED RECOMMENDATIONS Toggle We require three letters of recommendation for each applicant: one from your school counselor and two from teachers who have taught you in major academic courses (English, mathematics, social studies, sciences, world languages), preferably within the last two years of secondary school. If you are applying to the Pratt School of Engineering, at least one recommendation should be from a math or science teacher. Ask your recommender to submit the letter through the Common Application. We will also accept letters by email, fax, or postal mail . OPTIONAL RECOMMENDATIONS Toggle You can submit one Personal Recommendation from an employer, mentor, or anyone else who knows you well and can give us a better idea of who you are. Ask your recommender to submit the letter through the Common Application. We will also accept letters by email, fax, or postal mail . Activities Toggle Not only are extracurricular activities a great way for you to balance your academic life, but they are also a means by which you can identify your passions and interests. At Duke, we appreciate well-rounded and well-lopsided students who will make an impact on our campus and in our community. The application includes space for up to 10 extracurricular activities. Use as few or as many spaces as you need. Be sure to include school, community, family, and work commitments on your list. Keep in mind that we are more interested in seeing sustained commitment rather than a long list. Resumes Toggle Duke does not accept separate resumes. You may include extra honors and accomplishments in the "Additional Information" section of the application. ESSAYS Toggle The Common Application includes a one-page personal essay and short essay questions specific to Duke. SHORT-ESSAY PROMPTS Toggle The following questions are required for all first-year applicants to Duke University during the 2026-27 application cycle. (250 word limit) Why Duke What is your impression of Duke as a university and community, and why do you believe it is a good match for your goals, values, and interests? If there is something specific that attracts you to our academic offerings in Trinity College of Arts and Sciences or the Pratt School of Engineering, or to our co-curricular opportunities, feel free to include that, too. Communities We all belong to communities defined by place, faith, family, culture, interests or shared experience. Tell us about a community that has shaped who you are, any way it has set you apart, and what you've learned from being part of it that you hope to bring to Duke. We want to emphasize that the following questions are optional. We invite you to answer one of the three if you believe that doing so will add something meaningful that is not already addressed elsewhere in your application. (250 word limit) Viewpoints and experiences We believe a wide range of viewpoints and experiences is essential to maintaining Duke's vibrant living and learning community. Please share anything in this context that might help us better understand you and your potential contributions to Duke. Difference of opinion Meaningful dialogue often involves respectful disagreement. Provide an example of a difference of opinion you've had with someone you care about. What did you learn from it? Something you are excited about What's the last thing that you've been really excited about? SIGNATURE EXPERIENCES Toggle Duke Embark Duke Embark is a residential, immersive learning opportunity for a limited number of incoming first-year students. In their first year at Duke, Embark students will spend the fall semester at the Duke University Marine Lab in Beaufort, NC in a program that features a core curriculum focused on oceans, environment, and climate, from natural and social science perspectives. Duke Embark emphasizes small class sizes, early exposure to research, a fall break travel opportunity, and a small-cohort social experience. Duke Embark students will spend the spring semester of their first year with the rest of the Class of 2031 on Duke's East Campus in Durham, NC. Applicants interested in Duke Embark may indicate their interest in the application and complete a 150-word response. Indicating interest is not an application to the program, a guarantee of acceptance, or a commitment to participate. Admitted students will apply to Duke Embark after enrolling at Duke. Learn more about Duke Embark Gap Years & Duke Gap Year Program Applicants considering a gap year can indicate their interest in the Duke application and share possible plans. Expressing interest in a gap year will not negatively affect your admissions decision nor obligate you to take a gap year. Admitted students with eligible plans may apply to the Duke Gap Year Program, which provides community and the possibility of financial support for those taking intentional gap years. Learn more about gap years at Duke SUBMITTING PAYMENT Toggle You must send your nonrefundable $85 application fee or fee waiver request along with the Common Application. Both applications accept online payment via credit card or electronic check. Please note that we do not accept credit card payment by telephone. If you pay by check, please make the check payable to Duke University. Checks must be for payment in U.S. dollars and must be drawn on a U.S. bank. Fee Waivers Toggle We offer fee waivers for qualifying students, which means that under many circumstances, we will waive the $85 application fee for students with high financial need. Through your Common Application, you may request an application fee waiver online, and your school counselor will receive an email invitation to endorse your request. ALUMNI INTERVIEWS Toggle Alumni interviews are an optional component of the Duke application process. Due to the volume of applications to Duke, we regret we are unable to interview all applicants. The Admissions Office will prioritize interviews for students for whom we need additional information. Not being offered an interview does not affect your chances of admission. After students submit their applications, those offered an interview will be matched with alumni volunteers who will contact them via phone or email to arrange a virtual interview. Students may expect the interview to last 30-60 minutes. We do not offer on-campus interviews with admissions officers, nor can students request an interview. For international applicants, Duke will also consider interviews from InitialView. Students attending schools in China are particularly encouraged to arrange an interview with InitialView. Applicants interested in an InitialView interview are encouraged to make a reservation here as soon as possible in order to secure a timely appointment. GLIMPSE INTERVIEWS Toggle Applicants are welcome to record a Glimpse video. Glimpse is an opportunity to share a 60-90 second video that helps us get to know you better. Currently, Glimpse is only available for students attending high school in the United States . Glimpse is designed so that while you can delete and re-record as many times as you want, applicants do not have the option to edit or use any production tools/software to change their recording. The cost for Glimpse is $22; fee waivers are available for qualifying students. For consideration in the Duke Admissions Process, Glimpse videos must be submitted by November 9 for Early Decision and January 11 for Regular Decision. LEARN MORE ABOUT GLIMPSE HERE ARTS SUPPLEMENT Toggle At Duke, we celebrate the arts as a vibrant part of our academic and social community. Students contribute to our arts community as majors, minors, and ensemble participants. If you intend to continue your arts activity at Duke , you may submit one (1) optional arts supplement to be evaluated by a Duke University faculty member in that program or department. We accept one supplement per applicant in cinematic arts, dance, music, photography, theater, or visual arts. Arts supplements should reflect a level of commitment that goes beyond typical high school experiences , such as advanced training, public performances, original creative work, or state/national awards. Although you are not required to major within your field of submission, we expect that you will only submit a supplement for a program/department in which you plan to be sincerely engaged while at Duke. Please upload your arts supplement in the MEDIA section of your SlideRoom application. You may include an optional brief résumé or statement in the FORMS section of your SlideRoom application. We do not require an arts teacher recommendation. We only accept material that has been submitted through the SlideRoom portal for our arts review process. Please do not mail or email any items to our office or directly to faculty. Upload your materials in the MEDIA section of your SlideRoom application. You may include an optional résumé or artist's statement in the We do not require an arts teacher recommendation. Please do not mail or email any physical items or files-only materials submitted via SlideRoom will be reviewed. Deadlines Early Decision : November 2 Regular Decision : January 4 Transfer Applicants : Submit between February 1 and March 15 (no early submissions accepted) Learn more about art supplements GLIMPSE Toggle Applicants are welcome to record a Glimpse video. Glimpse is an opportunity to share a 60-90 second video that helps us get to know you better. Currently, Glimpse is only available for students attending high school in the United States . Glimpse is designed so that while you can delete and re-record as many times as you want, applicants do not have the option to edit or use any production tools/software to change their recording. The cost for Glimpse is $22; fee waivers are available for qualifying students. For consideration in the Duke Admissions Process, Glimpse videos must be submitted by November 9 for Early Decision and January 11 for Regular Decision. LEARN MORE ABOUT GLIMPSE HERE RESUMES, ABSTRACTS, ETC. Toggle We hope to get to know you through the documents we require as part of our application process. Therefore, Duke does not accept resumes, research abstracts, and media files. We are happy to accept artistic supplements. We will accept one additional letter of recommendation should you choose to submit it. If you have information that you need to share with us that will not be reflected elsewhere in your application, you may add it to the Additional Information section of the application. SCHOOLHOUSE CERTIFICATIONS/PORTFOLIO Toggle You are welcome to submit your Schoolhouse certification/portfolio as part of your application to help us better understand your preparation for Duke. Once you've completed certification in a specific subject area, you'll be able to download a PDF document verifying your completion and upload it to your Duke Portal. Learn more and view FAQs at schoolhouse.world/certification . TRANSFER STUDENTS Every fall, approximately 70 students transfer into Duke from another college or university. Most will enroll as sophomores, although the selection committee will also admit a small number of juniors. While transfer students are new to the Duke community, they bring with them the same characteristics of talent and engagement as the rest of their undergraduate peers. The application deadline for transfer admission is March 15. ELIGIBILITY Toggle If you have attended any college or university in the past four years and will have successfully completed at least one full year of transferable college work by the August in which you hope to enroll, you qualify to apply to Duke as a transfer applicant. All transferable college work should be completed at an accredited degree-granting institution. College work completed at a vocational, technical, performance, or professional program will not be considered. If you are a high school student in an "early college" or dual-enrollment program earning an associate degree while finishing high school, you should apply as a first-year applicant. If you have already completed an undergraduate (bachelor's) degree at a four-year college, you cannot be considered for transfer admission. Students who attend Duke Kunshan University and wish to transfer to Duke University are not at an advantage in our admissions process. A high school diploma or GED is required for admission to Duke. Unfortunately, you may not apply for transfer to Duke as a part-time student. Instead, we encourage you to contact DUKE CONTINUING STUDIES for information on taking courses on a non-degree basis. The admissions committee seeks applicants who can provide evidence of academic preparation within the past four years. If you have not recently attended high school or college, we strongly encourage you to do so prior to applying for transfer, either through DUKE CONTINUING STUDIES or an accredited degree-granting institution in your local area. EVALUATION Toggle Transfer admission to Duke is highly selective, with the admission rate ranging from 3% to 7% over the past five years. Transfer applicants are expected to have demonstrated a high level of academic talent, both at their current higher education institution and in high school. The most successful applicants will have a minimum college GPA of 3.7 in a challenging academic program. Please note that Duke will be test-optional for transfer students for the 2026-2027 cycle. 2023-2024 Transfer Student Application Cycle Applications: 2,620 Admitted Students: 77 Matriculated Students: 48 Admit Rate: 3% 2023-2024 Admitted Transfer Student Profile GPA average = 3.90 Mid-50% range = 3.85 - 4.0 REQUIRED MATERIALS AND DEADLINES Toggle TRANSFER APPLICATION + REQUIRED MATERIALS There are two methods to apply as a transfer candidate: the DUKE TRANSFER APPLICATION or the SCOIR COALITION APPLICATION . We consider both applications on an equal basis. We will not accept the Common Application for transfers this cycle. Applications for transfer admission are due March 15. We do not have a spring transfer program. Required materials for transfer admission include an application for transfer admission, College Report completed by a school administrator, college transcript, final high school transcript, two instructor evaluations (at least one evaluation must be from a college instructor), written essays, and required financial aid forms. ADMISSIONS ESSAYS The Duke Transfer Application includes two required essays specific to Duke. These prompts can be found below. For the SCOIR COALITION APPLICATION , you must complete and submit Part 1 of the application. Once Part 1 is submitted, you will gain access to Part 2, which includes two required essays specific to Duke The transfer application has a character rather than a word limit. If your essays exceed the character limit, you may email the essay to undergrad-admissions@duke.edu . Please include your full name, date of birth, and current college so we can match it with the correct application. The following questions are required for all 2026-27 applicants to Duke University: We would like to understand more about you and your reason(s) for transferring. Why and how did you choose your current or most recent college or university and what do you hope to gain by transferring? (650 word limit) Duke University offers students the opportunity to choose up to three academic pathways through majors, minors, and certificates. Describe how you intend to explore your academic and intellectual interests at Duke University. (250 word limit) OPTIONAL SUPPLEMENTS Duke University is test-optional for transfer students who plan to apply during the 2026-2027 admissions cycle for enrollment in the fall of 2026 . If you choose to submit ACT or SAT scores, they must be completed within the past five years. If you have exceptional talent in dance, theater, art, or music, you may submit supplementary material to be evaluated by an appropriate faculty member. LEARN MORE ABOUT ART SUPPLEMENTS Alumni interviews are offered on a very limited basis, based on the availability of our volunteer alumni. Unfortunately, we are unable to interview every applicant, every year. If we are unable to assign you an interview, please don't worry . It will not hurt your application in any way. There is nothing that you need to, or can do, to request an interview. If we were able to assign you an interview this year, you will be contacted by the interviewer to coordinate. All interviews will be conducted virtually. Transfer Applicants are welcome to record a GLIMPSE video. Glimpse is an opportunity to share a 60-90 second video helping us to get to know you better. For more information about Glimpse please visit the Glimpse website HERE . Currently, Glimpse is only available for U.S. Citizens and permanent residents. For consideration in the Duke Transfer Admissions Process, Glimpse videos must be submitted by March 22. Glimpse videos are not required as part of the transfer admissions process. For international applicants, Duke will also consider interviews from InitialView. Students attending schools in China are particularly encouraged to arrange an interview with InitialView. Transfer Applicants interested in an InitialView interview are encouraged to make a reservation HERE as soon as possible in order to secure a timely appointment. TRANSFER OF CREDIT Toggle Duke does not offer a preliminary credit evaluation to prospective transfer students. We are unable to connect prospective applicants with an advisor to discuss credit transfer. However, there is a good chance that credits will transfer if coursework taken at the applicant's current/previous accredited college is comparable to courses offered at Duke in areas such as natural science, math, world language, literature, social sciences and the arts. Duke will grant credit for no more than two years of coursework completed elsewhere, regardless of the number of credits a student has previously earned. In order to earn a Duke degree, a transfer student must spend at least two years at Duke. At least half the courses of all majors, minors, and certificates must be taken at Duke, although individual departments and programs offering majors may require that a greater proportion be taken at Duke. Please see the DUKE UNIVERSITY UNDERGRADUATE BULLETIN for more information on how transfer credits are evaluated. You may find a list of courses offered at Duke by searching our online course catalog . FINANCIAL AID Toggle The number of semesters of aid eligibility for students transferring to Duke is based on the policy of up to nine academic semesters less the number of semesters studied elsewhere. This also includes financial assistance for one summer term, if needed. Duke admits transfer applicants who are U.S. citizens, permanent residents, undocumented or DACA students without regard to financial circumstance or aid eligibility and meets 100 percent of each admitted student's demonstrated need throughout their undergraduate enrollment. Unfortunately, need-based financial aid is not available for international transfer student s. In addition, Duke does not offer merit-based scholarships to transfer students. Application fee waivers are only available for transfer students who are US citizens, permanent residents or undocumented or DACA students. We are unable to provide fee waivers to international transfer students. Transfer application fees may be waived if transfer students are Pell grant eligible. There are four ways to apply for a fee waiver: Sign and submit the NACAC Transfer Fee Waiver Form, or Provide a brief statement attesting to receiving a Pell Grant from your current college. Provide a brief statement describing why you are unable to pay the application fee. Fee waiver requests should be directed to UNDERGRAD-ADMISSIONS@DUKE.EDU . For detailed instructions on how to apply for financial aid, please visit the OFFICE OF UNDERGRADUATE FINANCIAL AID Other considerations Every year, we receive a diverse array of extraordinary applicants from around the world with varied backgrounds and situations. Whether you're an international applicant, one that is undocumented, homeschooled, transferring, or one with a disability-we are here to help you navigate the application process. Please refer to our Resources + FAQs page for additional information. Have more questions? College Preparation Tips What We Look For Resources + FAQs Open INTERNATIONAL APPLICANTS Toggle Students from more than 100 countries have found a home at Duke. Innovative, restless, and driven: these are qualities not confined by geography. There is no separate application for international students. STANDARDIZED TESTING CONSIDERATIONS Testing policies are the same for all applicants; there are no additional requirements for international students. While we do not require any English proficiency scores, we are happy to consider them for non-native English speakers who want to demonstrate their English ability beyond the materials in their applications. We accept the Cambridge C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency Tests , Duolingo English Test , the IELTS Academic (International English Language Testing System) , the PTE Academic (Pearson Test of English) , and the TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) . Since official submissions of the Duolingo English Test are free, we suggest the official submission of those results; applicants can self-report all other English proficiency test scores. TRANSCRIPTS For international students whose transcripts need to be translated into English, students may use an official service, an EducationUSA adviser, or a school official. Please keep in mind that we also expect the original documents to be submitted with the translated documents. School Report forms and transcripts must be submitted directly from an applicant's school. VISA INFORMATION To obtain an F-1 visa for study in the United States, a foreign citizen must furnish his or her home country's U.S. consulate with proof of ability to meet educational expenses, along with a certificate of eligibility for a visa application (the I-20 form). I-20 forms for incoming foreign students are issued only after a student has accepted an offer of admission at Duke and returned a completed Certificate of Financial Responsibility. Visa services and advice on federal regulations concerning non-U.S. citizens are available through Duke Visa Services . INTERVIEWS While not required for admission, interviews provide an opportunity for the applicant to learn about Duke and for a representative of the university to learn about the applicant's strengths. We have alumni volunteers conducting interviews in forty-two countries worldwide. For international applicants, Duke will also consider interviews from InitialView. Students attending schools in China are particularly encouraged to arrange an interview with InitialView. Applicants interested in an InitialView interview are encouraged to make a reservation here as soon as possible in order to secure a timely appointment. FINANCIAL AID Duke offers need-based financial aid and merit-based scholarships to US citizens and to foreign citizens following the different policies outlined below. For U.S. citizens and eligible noncitizens, an applicant's need for financial aid, or the fact that a student has applied for financial aid, will not disadvantage a student in the admissions process. Students needing financial assistance are strongly encouraged to apply for aid at the same time as for admission. Please go to the Financial Aid website for more information. Foreign citizens must apply for need-based financial aid in the original first-year application in order to be eligible for need-based funding from Duke at any point . You can find the comprehensive costs for attending Duke in 2025-2026 here . You can find more information about financial aid for foreign citizens at Duke here . The admissions process for foreign citizens is more highly selective: the admit rate for foreign citizens seeking financial aid is usually less than half of the overall admit rate. We consider admissions applications from foreign citizens requesting need-based financial aid in this more competitive pool, no matter how great or small the family's financial need may be. Duke offers a small number of merit scholarships for which all applicants to Duke are automatically considered. Applying for need-based aid does not have any negative effect on merit scholarship selection. For more information, please visit the Office of Undergraduate Scholars and Fellows and the Robertson Scholars Program . We do not require applicants to submit any financial forms as a part of the admissions process; the financial aid application is simultaneous with but separate from our admissions consideration. The amount of need-based financial aid for which each student/family qualifies depends solely on financial calculations and not on the strength of the admissions application. If you have more specific questions about financial aid, please feel free to contact the Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support at finaid@duke.edu . UNDOCUMENTED OR DACA APPLICANTS Toggle We welcome applications from undocumented and DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) students. DACA applicants apply in the same way U.S. citizens and permanent residents do, and your application will be considered the same way U.S citizens and permanent residents are, by the regional admissions officer responsible for where you attend high school. When you apply, you should be honest about your current citizenship status. You do not need a social security number to use the Common Application or Coalition Application; that field can be left blank. Beginning with students who are applying for admission for Fall of 2021, Duke will review undocumented and DACA students using the same "need-blind" process as applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents . FINANCIAL AID Undocumented or DACA students who wish to apply for financial aid should fill out the CSS Profile by the appropriate Early Decision or Regular Decision deadline. Information about the financial aid process for undocumented students can be found here , and answers to frequently asked questions can be found here . For general instructions on how to apply for financial aid, please visit the Office of Undergraduate Financial Aid website . DUKE'S SUPPORT FOR UNDOCUMENTED AND DACA STUDENTS Duke University's goal is to provide access, inclusion, and support to all of our students and their diverse backgrounds and needs. If you have questions or concerns, please contact our office . HOMESCHOOLED APPLICANTS Toggle Duke welcomes applications from students who are educated in alternative ways such as homeschooling and online-schooling. While we do not have any additional application requirements for these students, there is some benefit to providing supplementary information to help us better understand the context, the rigor, and the students' achievements in their chosen educational path. Below are some suggestions for homeschooled or online-schooled students to better elucidate their academics and involvement in our application process. CURRICULUM In general, students should take the best and most challenging courses available. We recommend but do not require four years of English and at least three years of mathematics, natural science, foreign language, and social studies. For students applying to the Pratt School of Engineering, we require coursework in calculus and strongly recommend physics. We understand that each individual family best decides the choice of curriculum. Whatever path a student chooses, we would like information about the student's homeschool experience and environment that would be helpful for our committee. TRANSCRIPTS In addition to the courses and grades, we are interested in knowing how and why the student and family chose an alternative means of schooling and the philosophy behind the education provided. For courses that are taught at home, we would like an explanation of the grading scale or other methods of evaluation. When a student indicates that he/she is homeschooled, the Common Application generates supplemental questions on the School Report that should be completed and submitted to provide this information. Students are also welcome to share their insights into their educational choice, especially their thoughts about the benefits they have gained and how the experience will allow them to contribute to the community at Duke. If the student has taken courses from a distance learning program, traditional secondary school, or any institution of higher education, we require official transcripts from these institutions. Applicants are not required to present a GED or proof of accreditation. STANDARDIZED TESTING The standardized testing requirements are the same for all Duke applicants. We encourage homeschooled students to submit AP test and/or additional SAT subject results in the absence of grades to demonstrate additional evidence. LETTERS OF RECOMMENDATION Although a parent may complete your school report to provide context for your academic choices, we encourage students to provide two additional letters of recommendation from non-relatives and preferably from individuals who have worked with the student in an in-person academic setting. Employers, religious leaders, sports coaches or other adults can write these recommendations if all academic instruction takes place in the home. Letters from online instructors are less helpful if they have not had direct contact with the homeschool student. VETERANS Toggle Thank you for your service to our country! We are honored that you have chosen Duke University to pursue your academic interests. Duke is a partner member of the Service to School, VetLink network. Please use the resources provided as this program works to bring together high-achieving student veterans and select colleges and universities: Duke Guidebook . Duke offers military veterans a high level of support as they transition to our campus community. For more information about the resources available to veterans, please visit STUDENT AFFAIRS . The Office of the University Registrar is responsible for the certification of benefits for both Veterans Administration (VA) and Department of Defense (DoD) education benefit programs. APPLICANTS WITH DISABILITIES Toggle Duke University is committed to the equality of educational opportunities for all qualified students. Students with disabilities (including learning disabilities, hearing or visual impairments, mobility impairments, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders, psychiatric impairments or chronic health disabilities) who apply to Duke can choose whether or not to disclose their disability to us. Our office is prohibited by law from making inquiries about a student's disability in the admissions process. We will not require you at any point in the admissions process to disclose if you have a disability. We evaluate a student's accomplishments within the context of any opportunities or challenges presented to that student. We do not use information about a disability to deny admission to a student. There is no separate admissions process at Duke for students with disabilities. All students who apply to Duke, including those who have a diagnosed impairment/disability, are evaluated using the same criteria. If you have questions or require additional information, please contact the Admissions Office at (919) 684-3214 and ask for the admissions officer responsible for students with disabilities. ACCOMMODATIONS AT DUKE All students have the right to request reasonable accommodations at Duke. Students requesting consideration for accommodations must have an impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities and should contact the Student Disability Access Office . Have more questions? College Preparation Tips What We Look For Resources + FAQs Open Duke Nondiscrimination Statement Duke is committed to encouraging and sustaining a learning and work community that is free from prohibited discrimination and harassment. Duke does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions), sexual orientation, or military status, in the administration of its educational policies, admission policies, financial aid, employment, or any other institution program or activity. Apply 01 Our Students 02 Campus Life 03 Financial Support 04 Join Our Mailing List Sign Up Apply Our Students Majors, Minors, and More Beyond Campus Campus Life Your First Year School Spirit + Community Financial Support © DUKE.EDU 2026 Counselors Families Resources + FAQs Contact Accessibility Disable Animations