Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply International students Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube Applying as an international student Everything you need to know. Apply online Application dates Submitting your application - we're here to help! Apply to UNSW is easy - we will guide you through the process with our step-by-step guide below. Ensure you are an international student You are an international student if you are NOT: an Australian or New Zealand citizen (including dual citizens) a permanent resident of Australia a holder of a permanent Australian humanitarian visa. International students currently undertaking one of the following qualifications need to apply for undergraduate courses through Universities Admissions Centre (UAC) : an Australian Year 12 in or outside Australia an International Baccalaureate Diploma a New Zealand National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3. If you are NOT any of the above, you can follow steps 2-4 below and apply as an international student. Find your degree Explore our 400+ degree and double degree options via our degree pages . Not sure where to start? Take our degree match fun quiz to get personalised recommendations. Explore degrees Check your entry requirements You need to meet both the academic and English language requirements of your desired degree to study at UNSW. Some degrees may also have special requirements. You can check the specific entry requirements for international students for the program you want to apply via our degree pages . Accepted qualifications English requirements Submit your application Now you are all set to make your application! Applying is easy via the UNSW Applicant Portal . Simply fill out the online form and upload all the required documents to complete your application. Alternatively, you can find a local UNSW agent in your region, and they will guide you through the process. For answers to common questions and step-by-step guides on how to register and manage your application in the UNSW Applicant Portal, visit the FAQ page . Apply online Find a UNSW agent I've submitted my application. What's next? 1. Track your application After you have submitted your application, you can easily track its progress via the UNSW Applicant Portal . You can also upload any additional documents required. If additional documentation is required, there will be delays in receiving an outcome. Please refer to international admissions information for offer round schedules. If you have questions about your application, you can contact the Nucleus Student Hub . I have an existing application - how do I access it? To access your application or offer, log in to the UNSW Applicant Portal using your existing login details. You may be prompted to set a new password on your first login - check your inbox for a reset email, including your junk or spam folder. Learn how to access your migrated application or offer in the UNSW Applicant Portal: Click ' Get Started' to view the step-by-step guide. 2. We'll send you a letter of offer We will notify you of the outcome of your application via email. If your application is successful, you will receive a full offer or a conditional offer if you need to complete more steps. If you are receiving assistance with your application, your nominated agent will also receive a copy of the email. 3. Accept your offer If you receive a full offer, you will also receive an email with a link to the UNSW Applicant Portal . Once you have accepted and paid your deposit, you will receive an electronic confirmation of enrolment (eCoE). Learn how to accept or defer your offer in the UNSW Applicant Portal: Click ' Get Started' to view the step-by-step guide. 4. Enrol online You can then enrol in your degree and courses online at myUNSW . Admissions update for international students Some programs are at capacity for 2026 intakes and new applications are closed to New Overseas Student Commencement (NOSC). Applications to all 2027 intakes are open. Click to find our latest updates for international student admissions. See updates Quick links English language requirements Accepted qualifications Admission pathways Applicant Portal FAQs Articulation pathways Fees Scholarships Sponsored students Financial aid Need some help? If you have any questions or need personal advice, get in touch with us. We're here to help. Ask a question Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints