Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply English language requirements Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube English language requirements Helping you understand language requirements. How to apply To study at UNSW, you may be required to provide evidence that your English language ability meets our requirements. You may need to submit results from an acceptable English language test taken in the last two years prior to starting at UNSW. Are you a study abroad or exchange student? View requirements UNSW is introducing a new academic calendar from 2028. We're moving to a new Flex-Semester Academic Calendar from 2028. While your degree structure and requirements will remain the same, the duration of your studies may vary depending on when you commence your degree prior to 2028. Find out what this means for you. Learn more Here are some ways you can achieve the language requirements: English Tests UNSW accepts a number of English language qualifications to meet our English language requirements provided: You completed the test no more than two years before your intended start date, the English test must be dated on or after the 1st of January (two years prior) for Term 1 commencement, 1st of May for Term 2 commencement or the 1st of August (two years prior) for Term 3 commencement and You achieved the minimum scores for your desired program. List of test we accept: IELTS (International English Language Testing System) - Academic version, IELTS One Skill Retake and IELTS UKVI only. Online version is not accepted TOEFL iBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language - internet-based), including TOEFL iBT Home Edition (TOEFL for Australia version only) PTE (Pearson Test of English - Academic) C1 Advanced Cambridge (formerly known as CAE - Cambridge Advanced English) C2 Proficiency Cambridge (formerly known CPE - Cambridge Proficiency English) ANU Access Program List of test we accept from Term 1, 2027 onwards: LanguageCert Academic MET (Michigan English Test) Check below to see if your results meet our English language requirements. IELTS (International English Language Testing System) - Academic version, IELTS One Skill Retake and IELTS UKVI only. Online version is not accepted Note: When applying for a cross-faculty double degree, the higher English requirements apply. IELTS One Skill Retake allows test taker to retake any one component of the IELTS test (Listening, Reading, Writing or Speaking) without redoing all four sections in case they have missed the required score. Test takers are eligible to book IELTS One Skill Retake after they recently completed a full test on a computer and received their IELTS test score, from an eligible test centre. To be eligible, you must book your IELTS One Skill Retake within 60 days of the original test date and you can take only one retake for each full IELTS test. Your result will be valid for two years from the original test date which you can find on your Test Report Form. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Secondary) (Honours): 7.5 overall (min 7.0 in writing & reading, 8.0 in speaking & listening) Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours): 7.5 overall (min 7.0 in writing & reading, 8.0 in speaking & listening) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours): 7 overall (min 7.0 in listening, reading, writing, and speaking) 6.5 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): 7.5 overall (min 7.0 in writing & reading, 8.0 in speaking & listening) 7.0 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) Business 7.0 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) 7.0 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) 7.0 overall (min 7.0 in writing, 6.5 in other subtests) Engineering 6.5 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) 6.5 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) 6.5 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) Law & Justice 7.0 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours)/Bachelor of Laws: 7 overall (min 7.0 in each subtest) 7.0 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) 7.0 overall (min 7.0 in writing, 6.5 in other subtests) Medicine & Health 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation: 7.0 overall (min 7.0 in each subtest) The following programs require 7.0 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) 6.5 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) Science 6.5 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: 7.0 overall (min 7.0 in each subtest) Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: 7.0 overall (min 7.0 in each subtest) 6.5 overall (min 6.0 in each subtest) UNSW Canberra 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) TOEFL iBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language - Internet-Based Test) - including TOEFL iBT Home Edition (TOEFL for Australia version only) Note: TOEFL MyBest Score is not accepted. When applying for a cross-faculty double degree, the higher English requirements apply. IMPORTANT: The new TOEFL format is currently under review and is not being accepted until further notice. In the meantime, to ensure your TOEFL iBT results are valid for UNSW's assessment purposes, you must select "Taking TOEFL for Australia" when registering for your test. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Secondary) : 102 overall (min. 27 in writing, 24 in reading, 28 in listening, 26 in speaking) Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours) : 102 overall (min. 27 in writing, 24 in reading, 28 in listening, 26 in speaking) The following programs require 94 overall (min. 27 in writing, 24 in reading and listening, and 23 in speaking) Bachelor of Social Work Bachelor of Social Work/Social Sciences Bachelor of Social Work/Arts Bachelor of Social Work/Criminology & Criminal Justice 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): 102 overall (min. 27 in writing, 24 in reading, 28 in listening, 26 in speaking) 94 overall (min. 25 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) Business 94 overall (min. 25 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) 94 overall (min. 25 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) 96 overall (min. 27 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) Engineering 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) Law & Justice 94 overall (min. 25 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours)/Bachelor of Laws: 94 overall (min 27 in writing, 24 in reading and listening, and 23 in speaking) 94 overall (min. 25 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) 96 overall (min. 27 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) Medicine & Health 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) Exceptions: Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation: 94 overall (min. 27 in writing, 24 in reading and listening, 23 in speaking) The following programs require 94 overall (min. 25 in writing, 23 in reading, listening and speaking) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) Science 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: 94 overall (min. 27 in writing, 24 in reading and listening, 23 in speaking) Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: 94 overall (min. 27 in writing, 24 in reading and listening, 23 in speaking) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) UNSW Canberra 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) PTE (Pearson Test of English - Academic) Note: When applying for a cross faculty double degree, the higher English requirements applies. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Secondary) : 73 overall (min. 65 in writing and reading, 79 in listening and speaking) Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours) : 73 overall (min. 65 in writing and reading, 79 in listening and speaking) The following programs require 65 overall (min. 65 in each subtest) Bachelor of Social Work Bachelor of Social Work/Social Sciences Bachelor of Social Work/Arts Bachelor of Social Work/Criminology & Criminal Justice 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): 73 overall (min. 65 in writing and reading, 79 in listening and speaking) 65 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Business 65 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 65 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 65 overall (min. 58 in each subtest) Engineering 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Law & Justice 65 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours)/Bachelor of Laws: 65 overall (min 65 in each subtest) 65 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 65 overall (min. 58 in each subtest) Medicine & Health 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation: 65 overall (min. 65 in each subtest) The following programs require 65 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Science 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: 65 overall (min. 65 in each subtest) Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: 65 overall (min. 65 in each subtest) 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) UNSW Canberra 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) 64 overall (min. 54 in each subtest) C1 Advanced Cambridge (formerly known as CAE - Cambridge Advanced English) Note: When applying for a cross faculty double degree, the higher English requirements applies. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Secondary) : 191 overall (min. 185 in writing and reading, 200 in speaking and listening) Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours) : 191 overall (min. 185 in writing and reading, 200 in speaking and listening) The following programs require 185 overall (min. 185 in each subtest) Bachelor of Social Work Bachelor of Social Work/Social Sciences Bachelor of Social Work/Arts Bachelor of Social Work/Criminology & Criminal Justice 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): 191 overall (min. 185 in writing and reading, 200 in speaking and listening) 185 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Business 185 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 176 in each subtest) Engineering 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Law & Justice 185 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours)/Bachelor of Laws: 185 overall (min 185 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 176 in each subtest) Medicine & Health 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation: not accepted The following programs require 185 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Science 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: Not accepted Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: Not accepted 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) UNSW Canberra 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) 176 overall (min. 169 in each subtest) C2 Proficiency Cambridge (formerly known CPE - Cambridge Proficiency English) Note: When applying for a cross faculty double degree, the higher English requirements applies. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Secondary) : 191 overall (min. 185 in writing and reading, 200 in speaking and listening) Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours) : 191 overall (min. 185 in writing and reading, 200 in speaking and listening) The following programs require 185 overall (min. 185 in each subtest) Bachelor of Social Work Bachelor of Social Work/Social Sciences Bachelor of Social Work/Arts Bachelor of Social Work/Criminology & Criminal Justice 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): 191 overall (min. 185 in writing and reading, 200 in speaking and listening) 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Business 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Engineering 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Law & Justice 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours)/Bachelor of Laws: 185 overall (min 185 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Medicine & Health 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Exceptions: Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation: not accepted The following programs require 185 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Science 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: Not accepted Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: Not accepted 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) UNSW Canberra 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) 180 overall (min. 180 in each subtest) ANU Access Program Note: When applying for a cross faculty double degree, the higher English requirements applies. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Primary & Secondary) : Not accepted Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): Not accepted Not accepted Business Not accepted Not accepted Not accepted Engineering Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Law & Justice Not accepted Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Not accepted Not accepted Medicine & Health Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Exceptions: not accepted for the following programs Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Science Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Exception: B Aviation (Flying): Not accepted Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: Not accepted Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: Not accepted Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall UNSW Canberra Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall Successful completion with a minimum of 70% overall LanguageCert Academic Note: When applying for a cross-faculty double degree, the higher English requirements apply. LanguageCert Academic is accepted as a four-skill English language test for admission purposes at UNSW. This test can be used for applications from Term 1, 2027 onwards. Applicants must complete the test at an approved test centre, as results obtained through remote-proctored or at-home formats are not accepted. In addition, test results must be valid at the time of program commencement and therefore must have been issued within two years, unless otherwise specified under UNSW policy. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Secondary): 81 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 92, Reading 71, Listening 80) Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours): 81 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 92, Reading 71, Listening 80) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours): 73 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 82, Reading 71, Listening 67) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): 81 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 92, Reading 71, Listening 80) 73 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Business 73 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 73 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 73 overall (Writing 71, Speaking 76, Reading 65, Listening 62) Engineering 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Law & Justice 73 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours)/Bachelor of Laws: 73 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 82, Reading 71, Listening 67) 73 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 73 overall (Writing 71, Speaking 76, Reading 65, Listening 62) Medicine & Health 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Exceptions: Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation: 73 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 82, Reading 71, Listening 67) The following programs require 73 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Science 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: 73 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 82, Reading 71, Listening 67) Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: 73 overall (Writing 78, Speaking 82, Reading 71, Listening 67) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) UNSW Canberra 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) 67 overall (Writing 64, Speaking 70, Reading 60, Listening 57) Michigan English Test (MET) Note: When applying for a cross-faculty double degree, the higher English requirements apply. The Michigan English Test (MET) is accepted by UNSW as a four-skill English language test for admission purposes. This test can be used for applications from Term 1, 2027 onwards. Applicants must complete the test at an approved test centre, as 'at home' or remote-proctored versions of the MET are not accepted. In addition, results must be valid at the time of program commencement and therefore must have been issued within two years. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Exceptions: Bachelor of Education (Secondary): 67 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 76, Reading 63, Listening 68) Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours): 67 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 76, Reading 63, Listening 68) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours): 62 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 59, Reading 63, Listening 61) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): 67 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 76, Reading 63, Listening 68) 62 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Business 62 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 62 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 62 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 53, Reading 59, Listening 59) Engineering 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Law & Justice 62 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours)/Bachelor of Laws: 62 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 59, Reading 63, Listening 61) 62 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 62 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 53, Reading 59, Listening 59) Medicine & Health 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Exceptions: Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation: 62 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 59, Reading 63, Listening 61) The following programs require 62 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Science 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) Exceptions: Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: 62 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 59, Reading 63, Listening 61) Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: 62 overall (Writing 74, Speaking 59, Reading 63, Listening 61) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) UNSW Canberra 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) 58 overall (Writing 57, Speaking 48, Reading 55, Listening 56) UNSW College English Course If you have received a Conditional Offer from UNSW Sydney, you can meet our English language requirements by taking UNSW College's University English Entry Course (UEEC) and achieving the minimum scores as outlined below by course. However, if you wish to apply for a cross-faculty double degree, there will be higher English language requirements to meet. Please note the course must be completed no more than two years before your intended start date. UNSW College offers university pathway programs that provide a seamless transition to UNSW Sydney so you can achieve your academic and career goals. They will provide you with the academic and English language foundations for success. Contact UNSW College to find out more. Faculty Undergraduate Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Arts, Design & Architecture Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Exceptions: The following program require successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B+ with B in writing and reading, A in speaking and listening Bachelor of Education (Secondary) The following program require successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B+ with B in writing and reading, A in speaking and listening Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours) The following programs require successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B Bachelor of Social Work (Honours) and its related double degrees Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Exceptions: Master of Teaching (Primary & Secondary): Not accepted Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Business Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of B- in the writing component Engineering Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Law & Justice Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Exceptions: Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice: Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of B- in the writing component Medicine & Health Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Exceptions: The following program require successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of B in the writing component Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation The following programs require successful completion with a minimum overall grade of B and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Science Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Exceptions: Graduate Diploma in Psychology, Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master: Not accepted Master of Clinical Neuropsychology: Not accepted Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component UNSW Canberra Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component Visit College Prior Study UNSW accepts prior study results to meet our English language requirements on certain conditions. UNSW accepts prior studies completed in English to meet our English language requirements depending on whether you are from an English-speaking background or non-English speaking background. English-speaking background: Citizens of English-speaking countries, or Permanent Residents of English-speaking countries, or Minimum of ten years in an English-speaking country and completed secondary or tertiary education in an English-speaking country. Senior Secondary Studies Senior Secondary qualifications from a recognised English-speaking country will meet our English language requirements if they were: taught and examined in English attempted no more than two years before your intended start date if you are from a non-English speaking background. Applicants who completed the GCE A Levels through a UK examining board (eg. CIE, Pearson/Edexcel) in non-English speaking countries must meet the following criteria: a minimum Grade C* in one of the following approved essay-based A Level subjects: English Language, English Literature, English Language and Literature, or a Humanities subject, such as Sociology, History, Law, or Psychology * NOTE : The following programs require a minimum Grade A in one of approved essay-based subjects listed above: B Education (all programs) B Social Work (Honours), including all its joint programs All Law and Business undergraduate programs (except B Criminology and Criminal Justice) B Nutrition/M Dietetics & Food Innovation B Medical Studies/Doctor of Medicine B Exercise Sciene/M Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology B Pharmaceutical Medicine/M Pharmacy B Applied Exercise Science/M Clinical Exercise Physiology Other Senior Secondary Qualifications UNSW recognises some academic qualifications completed in non-English speaking countries. Qualifications from Germany, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, Switzerland will meet our English language requirements provided they were: completed no more than two years before your intended start date, and meet the minimum scores for your desired course. Check below to see if your qualification is eligible for your desired course. Qualification Minimum Requirement German Abitur Grade 12 in English All Business programs: Grade 13 in English Not accepted for the following programs: Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) Level 4 in English Language or Literature in English The following programs require 5 in English Language or Literature in English: Business Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology All India Senior School Certificate (CBSE) (Standard 12) Grade of C1 in English Core All Business programs: Grade of B2 in English Core Not accepted for the following programs: Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) not undertaken in English English language requirement is met if English is the main language of instruction. Grade 4 in IB English A at Higher Level or Grade 5 in IB English A at Standard Level or Grade 7 in IB English B at Higher Level The following programs require Grade 5 in IB English A at Higher Level or Grade 6 in IB English A at Standard Level: Business Education Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Indian School Certificate (ICS) 70% in English All Business programs: 80% in English Not accepted for the following programs: Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Malaysia - Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) C pass in 920 English The following programs require A in Literature (920): Business Education Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Swiss Matura A grade of 5 (good) or better in English Business programs: A grade of 6 (very good) or better in English Not accepted for the following programs: Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Qualifications from Denmark, Sweden or Norway will meet our English language requirements provided they were: completed within four years before your intended start date, and meet the minimum scores for your desired course. Check below to see if your qualification is eligible for your desired course. Qualification Minimum Requirement Denmark - Danish Studentereksamen or Higher Preparatory Examination Grade 7 in English in the final year (English B or English A) All Business programs: Very good or grade 10 in English Not accepted for the following programs: Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Norway - Norwegian Certificate of Upper Secondary Education Grade 4 in the First Year of Upper Secondary English (if this is the only completed English subject); or average Grade 4 in all completed Upper Secondary English subjects Not accepted for the following programs: Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Sweden - Swedish Secondary School Leaving Certificate Grade D in English in the final year (English 6/English Course B) All Business programs: Very Good (VG) or B in English Not accepted for the following programs: Education (Primary & Secondary) Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Foundation and University Preparation Studies Check to see if your qualification meets our minimum entry scores for your desired course. Qualification Minimum Requirement UNSW Foundation Studies C+ in Academic English The following programs require B+: Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours) Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation The following programs require B: Business Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Social Work (Honours) Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Foundation Program from an Australian Group of Eight (Go8) University Monash University The Australian National University The University of Adelaide The University of Melbourne The University of Queensland The University of Sydney The University of Western Australia Grade C+ or 70% in English ANU Foundation students need to complete Advanced Academic English UMELB Foundations students need to complete English for Academic Purposes The following programs require B+ or 85% Bachelor of Education (Primary) (Honours) Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation The following programs require B or 80%: Business Law (except Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree programs Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Bachelor of Social Work (Honours) Australian TAFE / Private Provider Studies Completed AQF Diploma or completed AQF Advanced Diploma Not accepted for the following programs: Bachelor of Education (Primary & Secondary) Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Master of Teaching (Primary and Secondary) programs Master of Psychology (Clinical and Forensic) including combined PhD/Master programs Master of Clinical Neuropsychology Post-Secondary and Tertiary Qualifications in English attempted or completed UNSW accepts completed or incomplete post-secondary or tertiary qualifications* completed in English to meet our English language requirements depending on whether you are from an English-speaking background or non-English speaking background. English-speaking background: Citizens of English-speaking countries, or Permanent Residents of English-speaking countries, or Minimum of ten years in an English-speaking country and completed secondary or tertiary education in an English-speaking country. Note: Upon completion of Bachelor of Education programs (Primary & Secondary) and Master of Teaching programs (Primary & Secondary), you must comply with the NESA English Language Proficiency Requirements and provide the necessary evidence when you apply for provisional and conditional accreditation. For Master of Clinical Neuropsychology and Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master please refer to AHPRA website for pathways that you can use to demonstrate your English competence. COMPLETED QUALIFICATION If you are from an English-speaking background, you will meet our English language requirements if your qualification was: an AQF Diploma or higher from a recognised institution in an English-speaking country or from an institution listed in the World Higher Education Database ( WHED ) with English clearly stated as the sole language of instruction. Please provide: official academic transcript proof of citizenship or residency. If you are from a non-English-speaking background, you will meet our English language requirements if your qualification was: an AQF Bachelor or higher from a recognised institution in an English-speaking country, or from an institution listed in the World Higher Education Database ( WHED ) with English clearly stated as the sole language of instruction completed within the five years before you start your degree at UNSW. If you are from a non-English-speaking background, you will meet our English language requirements if your qualification was: an AQF Diploma, Advanced Diploma or Associate Degree from a recognised institution in an English-speaking country, or from an institution listed in the World Higher Education Database ( WHED ) with English clearly stated as the sole language of instruction gained within the two years before you start your degree at UNSW. For programs that are jointly delivered by two institutions, leading to one or more qualifications, please provide: official academic transcript and official statement or certificate from the Registrar (or equivalent) confirming English as the sole language of instruction and assessment, issued on official letterhead and provided in original form. INCOMPLETE QUALIFICATION If you are from an English-speaking background, you will meet our English language requirements if: You have completed at least one year of full-time equivalent study at an AQF Bachelor or higher from a recognised institution from a recognised institution in an English speaking country, or from an institution listed in the World Higher Education Database ( WHED ) with English clearly stated as the sole language of instruction. Please provide: official academic transcript proof of citizenship or residency. If you are from a non English-speaking background, you will meet our English language requirements if: You have completed at least one year of full-time equivalent study at an AQF Bachelor or higher from a recognised institution in an English speaking country, or from an institution listed in the World Higher Education Database ( WHED ) with English clearly stated as the sole language of instruction. And completed within the two years before you start your degree at UNSW. English Waiver What is an English waiver? An English waiver is a decision by UNSW to waive the English language requirements based on life experience and circumstances. To apply for an English waiver you will need to meet any two of the conditions listed below. How can I apply for an English waiver? You can apply for an English Waiver during your online application - just submit a personal statement with your supporting documentation under the English Language Requirements section of the online application form. If you are applying for an undergraduate and postgraduate course, you can apply for an English waiver by submitting an enquiry here . If you are applying for a higher degree by research, you need to upload your request and supporting documents to the UNSW Applicant Portal . Completed English waiver requests must be submitted no less than 8 weeks prior to the relevant deadline . Is my country recognised as an English-speaking country? UNSW recognises the following countries as English-speaking: American Samoa, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Botswana, Canada, Fiji, Gibraltar, Ghana, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, The Gambia, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland), United States of America, Zambia, Zimbabwe. Does UNSW accept all requests for an English waiver? UNSW does not accept any requests for an English waiver for the Graduate Diploma in Psychology, Master of Psychology (including combined PhD/Master), Master of Clinical Neuropsychology, Bachelor of Education (Primary & Secondary), Master of Teaching (Primary and Secondary) or Bachelor of Aviation (Flying). UNSW Canberra does not accept any requests for an English waiver for Higher Degree Research program including the Doctor of Philosophy, Professional Doctorates, Master by Research or Master of Philosophy. Conditions for an English Waiver English Language Test scores English Language Test Scores - between two-five years ago You completed the IELTS, TOEFL IBT, TOEFL PBT, PTE, C1 Advanced Cambridge, C2 Proficiency Cambridge or the ANU Access program, LanguageCert Academic or MET between two to five years ago and achieved our minimum scores. Please refer to English tests section above to see our minimum scores. Please provide: Your test results. English Language Test Scores - no more than two years before your intended start date You completed the IELTS, TOEFL IBT, TOEFL PBT, PTE Academic, UNSW UEEC, C1 Advanced Cambridge or C2 Proficiency Cambridge, LanguageCert Academic or MET within the last two years. Use the table to see if your English Language Test scores meet the scores required for your desired course. Please provide: Your test results Applicable to which program/s IELTS - Academic version only TOEFL IBT TOEFL PBT PTE Academic UNSW College UEEC C1 Advanced Cambridge C2 Proficiency Cambridge All programs except where specified below 6.0 overall (min. 5.5 in each subtest) 79 overall (min. 21 in writing, 12 in reading, 11 in listening, 17 in speaking) 500 overall (min. 4.5 in TWE) 50 overall (min. 42 in each subtest) Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C and a minimum grade of C- in the writing component. 169 overall (min.162 in each subtest) N/A All Law and Business undergraduate & postgraduate coursework programs (excluding UNSW Canberra and Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice) Bachelor of Medical Studies (BMed)/Doctor of Medicine (MD) including double degree Bachelor of Exercise Science/Master of Physiotherapy & Exercise Physiology Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Medicine/Master of Pharmacy Bachelor of Applied Exercise Science/Master of Clinical Exercise Physiology 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 577 overall (min. 5.0 in TWE) 58 overall (min. 50 in each subtest) Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component. 176 overall (min.169 in each subtest) 180 overall (min.180 in each subtest) All Arts, Design & Architecture postgraduate coursework and research programs (excluding UNSW Canberra, Art & Design postgraduate coursework programs and Master of Teaching (Primary and Secondary)) 6.5 overall (min. 6.0 in each subtest) 90 overall (min. 23 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 577 overall (min. 5.0 in TWE) 58 overall (min. 50 in each subtest) Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C in the writing component. 176 overall (min.169 in each subtest) 180 overall (min.180 in each subtest) All Business and Law postgraduate research programs (excluding UNSW Canberra) 6.5 overall (min. 6.5 in writing, 6.0 in other subtests) 90 overall (min. 24 in writing, 22 in reading, listening and speaking) 577 overall (min. 5.0 in TWE) 58 overall (min. 58 in writing, 50 in other subtests) Successful completion with a minimum overall grade of C+ and a minimum grade of C+ in the writing component. 176 overall (min.176 in writing, 169 in other subtests) 180 overall (min.180 in each subtest) Bachelor of Aviation (Flying) English waivers are not available for admission to the Bachelor of Aviation (Flying) Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation English waivers are not available for admission to the Bachelor of Nutrition/Master of Dietetics & Food Innovation Master of Teaching (Primary and Secondary) and Bachelor of Education (all programs) English waivers are not available for admission to the Master of Teaching (Primary and Secondary) and Bachelor of Education (all programs) Master of Psychology (Clinical & Forensic) including combined PhD/Master English waivers are not available for admission to the Master of Psychology (including combined PhD/Master) Master of Clinical Neuro-psychology English waivers are not available for admission to the Master of Clinical Neuropsychology Graduate Diploma in Psychology English waivers are not available for admission to the Graduate Diploma in Psychology Directly relevant work experience Directly relevant Work Experience for at least the last two years - any program You have at least two years of directly relevant work experience, in the relevant industry or equivalent discipline practice, in an English-speaking country or workplace where the sole language of business was English. Please provide: A letter from your employer on company letterhead which states your position title, the duties you undertook and an idea of what level of English was spoken and how English was used in terms of written or verbal communication. Directly relevant Work Experience for at least five years out of the last seven - AGSM @ UNSW program only You have five years, out of the last seven, of directly relevant work experience, in the relevant industry or equivalent discipline practice, in an English-speaking country or workplace where the sole language of business was English. Please provide a letter from your employer on company letterhead for any employment which is not already covered by the referee letters you have already submitted with your AGSM application. Please provide: A letter from your employer on company letterhead which states your position title, the duties you undertook and an idea of what level of English was spoken and how English was used in terms of written or verbal communication. If you can demonstrate this experience, you will not need to satisfy a second condition for an English waiver. Successful prior study for a minimum of one year full-time completed in English between two and five years ago You successfully completed at least one year of full-time study, in an assessable qualification, at a university or other post-secondary educational institution in an English-speaking country or from an institution listed in the World Higher Education Database ( WHED ) with English clearly stated as the sole language of instruction. Please provide: Official academic transcript and Official statement or certificate from the Registrar (or equivalent) confirming English as the sole language of instruction and assessment, issued on official letter head and provided in original form. Residency in an English-speaking country for at least five years You lived in a recognised English-speaking country for at least five years before you plan to start your course at UNSW. Please provide: References which state whether a basic, medium, high or academic level of English speaking and writing skills was needed. Copies of passports and/or visas to prove your residency in the English-speaking country was for at least five years. NAATI - National Accreditation Authority for Translators and Interpreters You hold a current valid NAATI accreditation as a Professional Interpreter or Translator, formerly known as Level 3 accredited. Please provide: Your certificate of NAATI accreditation. GMAT - Graduate Management Admissions Test - for AGSM @ UNSW You sat the GMAT within the last five years and you scored a minimum overall GMAT score of 550 with a minimum score of 25 in Verbal, 35 in Quantitative and 4.0 in the Analytical Writing Assessment (AWA). Please provide: Your test results. Doctor/health professional qualified outside Australia and registered with the Medical Board of Australia You are a qualified doctor/health professional overseas, hold a current registration with the Medical Board of Australia and are currently employed in the health system in Australia. Please provide: Your CV with referees. Proof of your current registration with the Medical Board of Australia. Successful completion of a UNSW Study Abroad or Exchange program within the last two years You can supply evidence of successfully completing a UNSW Study Abroad or Exchange program within the last two years. Please provide: Your transcript. Successful completion of a recognised Articulation Pathway within the last two years You can supply evidence of successfully completing a program within the last two years, which is recognised by UNSW as a defined qualification pathway. Please provide: Your transcript. Study Abroad & Exchange students To ensure students have the best possible experience at UNSW and to maximise their chances of personal and academic success, all students including exchange and study abroad students need to meet our English language requirements. You can view the list of English-speaking countries here . If English isn't your first language you will need to provide proof of English proficiency at time of application and you can do this by providing evidence that you meet one of UNSW's approved criteria. You should upload your supporting documents to your Study Abroad or Exchange application. English proficiency is an entry requirement and we cannot accept students without it. Here are some ways you can achieve the language requirements. We recommend you also review the full list of English Language options above. No other tests or options can be accepted. English Language Test Scores UNSW accepts English language test scores to meet our English language requirements provided: You have completed the test no more than two years before your intended start date, and You achieve the minimum scores for the Study Abroad and Exchange program. Study Abroad and Exchange students are only required to meet the overall score for IELTS and TOEFL. You do not need to meet each of the subtests as per a full degree student. IELTS Academic version only TOEFL Internet-based Test (iBT) 6.5 overall 90 overall You should register for your English language test early to avoid delays. Please note: TOEFL MyBest scores is not a recognised or accepted language test. The Department of Home Affairs has advised that results from multiple tests cannot be used for meeting English Language proficiency requirements for a student visa. Senior Secondary Qualifications Senior Secondary qualifications from a recognised English-speaking country will meet our English language requirements if they were: taught and examined in English attempted no more than two years before your intended start date if you are from a non-English speaking background. Qualification Minimum Requirement Danish Studentereksamen or Higher Preparatory Examination Grade 7 in English in the final year (English B or English A) German Abitur Grade 12 in English Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) Level 4 in English Language or Literature in English All India Senior School Certificate (CBSE) (Standard 12) Grade of C1 in English Core Indian School Certificate (ICS) 70% in English International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) not undertaken in English English language requirement is met if English is the main language of instruction. Grade 4 in IB English A at Higher Level; or Grade 5 in IB English A at Standard Level; or Grade 7 in IB English B at Higher Level Malaysia - Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) C pass in 920 English Norwegian Certificate of Upper Secondary Education Grade 4 in the First Year of Upper Secondary English (if this is the only completed English subject); or average grade of 4 in all completed Upper Secondary English subjects Swedish Secondary School Leaving Certificate Grade D in English in the final year (English 6/English Course B) Swiss Matura A grade of 5 (good) or better in English Post-Secondary or Tertiary Qualifications in English If you are from an English-speaking background, you will meet our English language requirements if: You have completed at least one year of full-time equivalent study at an AQF Bachelor or higher from a recognised institution, where the program was taught and examined in an English-speaking country or where English is the institution's sole medium of instruction. Please provide: official academic transcript proof of citizenship or residency. If you are from a non English-speaking background, you will meet our English language requirements if: You have completed at least one year of full-time equivalent study at an AQF Bachelor or higher from a recognised institution in an English speaking country, or Taught and examined in an English-speaking country or where English is the institution's sole medium of instruction, And the study must have been completed no more than two years prior to the commencement of your Study Abroad or Exchange program at UNSW. University English Entry Course (UEEC) If you don't quite meet the UNSW English language requirements, you may wish to consider undertaking English language study through the UNSW College University English Entry Course (UEEC) program. You can apply to UEEC to undertake English language study prior to your study abroad or exchange. You will be provided with a conditional study abroad or exchange offer and you can demonstrate you meet our English language requirements by taking the UEEC program and achieving the minimum grade of C+ and C in writing. You are responsible for paying any tuition fees directly to UEEC. Things to know List of Recognised English Speaking Countries UNSW recognises the following countries as English-speaking: American Samoa, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Botswana, Canada, Fiji, Gibraltar, Ghana, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, The Gambia, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland), United States of America, Zambia, Zimbabwe. Conditional Offers If your application does not meet our English language requirements, but you are otherwise eligible for admission to your desired course, you will be issued a Conditional Letter of Offer. A full Offer for admission will be issued when you submit documents which demonstrate that you meet our English language requirements. Conditional Offers based on English language requirements are not offered to UAC applicants for domestic undergraduate or postgraduate coursework programs and any Higher Degree Research applicants. Conditional Package Offers UNSW College has university pathway programs that provide a seamless transition to UNSW Sydney so you can achieve your academic and career goals including the University English Entry Course. With a Conditional Package Offer, you will be able to apply for a student visa for the duration of UNSW College's University English Entry Course (UEEC) and your UNSW course. The package offer is only valid for UNSW College's UEEC and this depends on whether you are accepted into the UNSW College. Conditional package offers are not offered for entry to the Bachelor of Education (any program), Graduate Diploma in Psychology, Master of Psychology (including combined PhD/Master) or Master of Teaching (Primary and Secondary). Visa Requirements for International Applicants For advice on applying for a student visa, visit the Department of Home Affairs . Need some help? If you need help assistance with the English language requirements, contact us below. We're here to help. Ask a question Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints