Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply Fees Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube Fees and costs Calculate your study costs Search degrees Apply now Everything you need to know on University fees and additional costs, plus student loans and financial assistance. UNSW provides a range of services to ensure you understand our fee structure, as well as support from our staff if you need any help along the way. From scholarships and financial assistance, you have a range of options to help get you started. Am I a Domestic or an International student? If you're an Australian or New Zealand citizen, or if you hold an Australian permanent residency or permanent humanitarian visa, then you're a Domestic student. Citizens from other nations can be eligible for International student financial assistance, scholarships, and tuition fees. Domestic students Domestic students International students International students Tuition fees for domestic students Undergraduate Most undergraduate degrees offer Commonwealth Supported Places (CSPs) that subsidise the cost of the degree. The remaining cost is called the student contribution. You can pay the student contribution upfront, but often people who are eligible choose to take a HECS-HELP loan that they repay later. To see current student contribution costs, visit Commonwealth Supported Fees . Postgraduate Limited CSPs are available for postgraduate degrees. Find out which degrees offer Postgraduate Commonwealth Support or visit Understand Commonwealth Supported Places for more information. In some situations, you might need to calculate your tuition costs using individual course fees. For example, you might not have a CSP, you want to study part-time, or you might want to include courses from different UNSW faculties in your degree. For more information, visit Domestic Student Fees . View CSP degrees Student Services & Amenities Fee (SSAF) All domestic undergraduate, postgraduate and research students at UNSW must make an annual compulsory contribution to the Student Services & Amenities Fee (SSAF). This fee provides essential campus services, development and support for all students, aiming to improve your overall student experience. SSAF is not covered by HECS-HELP or FEE-HELP. You can pay your SSAF upfront, or if you're eligible, apply for SA-HELP to defer the fee each term. Click here for more information about SSAF. Tuition fees for international students Studying overseas is a big investment and one that involves a lot of research and planning. At UNSW, tuition fees are calculated based on the courses (subjects) you select, rather than on the degree (program) you choose. Since UNSW's flexible degree structure allows you to choose from a range of courses in different faculties, your actual tuition fees will depend on the specific courses you pick within your degree. Visit the degree finder to see the indicative annual tuition fees and indicative tuition fees to complete a program for a particular degree For more information on other study-related expenses, please visit International Student Fees . What other costs do I need to know? Application fees An online application costs A$150. You can apply via the UNSW Applicant Portal . Health insurance If you are in Australia on a student visa you will need to pay for health insurance through the Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) scheme and maintain insurance for the duration of your visa. All international students must be covered by health insurance from the date they arrive in Australia until the date they depart, regardless of when they start or complete their program. It is your responsibility to ensure your health insurance policy matches your arrival and departure dates. The only exception is for students from Belgium, Norway and Sweden who are covered by CSN or Kammarkollegiet. These students will need to provide proof of official health insurance cover from their home government provider. The five registered OSHC providers are Medibank (UNSW's preferred health cover provider), BUPA Australia Health, Allianz, nib and Australian Health Management. Medibank OSHC will pay benefits towards your medical and hospital treatment, medically necessary ambulance transport and most prescription medicines. Be aware that there may be some exclusions for pre-existing conditions and you may have to serve a waiting period to receive some services. Some services are not covered by Medibank's policies. These include optical, physiotherapy, dental and some pharmaceuticals. If you want to be covered for these expenses, you will need to take out additional insurance. Textbooks and course costs Some programs and courses have costs, which are additional to the tuition fees, for expenses like laboratory kits, equipment and field trips. Textbooks are not considered compulsory, but we recommend budgeting around A$1,000 per year for books. An estimate of your total costs (tuition and other study-related costs) will be shown on your Confirmation of Enrolment Form (CoE) that will be issued on acceptance of an offer of admission to UNSW. Compulsory contributions All international undergraduate, postgraduate and research students at UNSW must make an annual compulsory contribution to the Student Services & Amenities Fee (SSAF). This fee helps support a range of non-academic services and amenities that enhance your overall student experience. Your SSAF depends on your study load, and you must pay this fee upfront. The maximum SSAF for 2025 is A$365, see here for more information. Cost of living in Sydney Sydney is a wealthy city, but there are many ways to keep costs down. You can shop at the cheaper supermarkets like Aldi, cook your own lunch or dinner, or choose from the many cheap restaurants, cafes, bars and pubs. To get an idea of costs, see our estimates below. Cost estimates As an international student, the Department of Home Affairs has financial requirements you must meet to receive your student visa. From 10 May 2024, a single student must show they have the financial capacity to cover the living costs of at least A$29,710 per year. Here are some average weekly Sydney living expenses you can expect while studying at UNSW. This guide provides indicative costs only, which will vary based on your personal choices, needs, location, household size and housing conditions. Weekly living expenses in Sydney for international students Weekly cost of living On campus apartment On campus college Share house 1 Bedroom unit Accommodation $A365 - $A580 $A435 - $A630 $A290 $A470 - $A830* Food $A120 - $A250 Included $A120 - $A250 $A120 - $A250 Utilities and internet Included Included $A65 $A80 Phone plan $A10 - $A20 $A10 - $A20 $A10 - $A20 $A10 - $A20 Public transport $A10 $A10 $A55 $A55 Lifestyle spending $A50 - $A100 $A50 - $A100 $A50 - $A100 $A50 - $A100 Weekly total $A555 - $A960 $A505 - $A760 $A590 - $A780 $A785 - $A1,335 Annual total (estimated) $A28,860 - $A49,920 52 weeks $A22,220 - $A34,440 44 weeks ^ $A30,680 - $A40,560 52 weeks $A40,820 - $A69,420 52 weeks These figures are based on estimates from MoneySmart, Study Australia and the Australian Bureau of Statistics in Australian dollars, accurate as of May 2025. *Costs will vary depending on the type of accommodation and catering offered. ^UNSW residential college contract periods are 44 weeks. The Australian government provides separate guidance on living costs which must be evidenced as part of the Student Visa application process. You can find up-to-date information at the Department of Home Affairs website . Scholarships UNSW offers a range of scholarships for international students. Discover what options are available to you. Explore scholarships Find the tuition fee for your degree The easiest way to find your tuition fee is to search for your degree in Degree Finder. Search degrees FAQs What is the cost of UNSW degrees? Tuition fees are calculated by the Units of Credit (UOC) you study and the faculty that offers the courses. An indicative first year fee and indicative fee to complete the degree are provided on our degree pages for your reference. Please bear in mind that some programs may incur extra costs for field study, practical exercise or the use of lab or equipment. Costs for textbooks are not included in the indicative fees on degree pages. An estimated total cost will be given on your e-Confirmation of Enrolment (eCoE) once you accept our offer. You could use our Indicative Fee Calculator above to work out a future year program cost. For information about living expenses, please visit our website . Can I get an application fee waiver? An AUD $150 non-refundable application processing fee will incur for each online application you submit. Payment can be made by credit card only, using our secure online payment service. You may ask someone else to pay the fee for you with that person's permission. Applications for admission to an honours year program, diploma programs, postgraduate research programs, programs offered at UNSW Canberra, and postgraduate domestic applicants will not incur an application processing fee. Why is the cost of the online degree just as much as the on-campus degree? We know the pandemic has changed the way we live and study dramatically. Online degrees offer you another option to gain world-class education while you can't travel overseas. We work to make sure the online experience is as great as possible without compromising the quality of education. That means a considerable amount of time and resources are spent to move our content online and to deliver the exceptional learning experience even when you are an ocean away. How to get help? Whether you need a hand completing your application or you'd like to enquire about financial assistance, we're here to help. Click here to know more about our financial aid for international students. Ask a question If you have any questions about fees at UNSW, contact us below. We're here to help. Ask a question Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints