Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply Fees Financial Aid Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube Financial aid Money matters while you study From scholarships to emergency grants, your studies are supported. Discover the range of ways that UNSW, our generous donors and the Australian government can ease the pressure of financial matters and keep you focused on your studies instead of your bank balance. Whether it's rewarding your academic performance with a scholarship or helping you make ends meet in times of need, explore the financial support options available to you at UNSW. Domestic students Domestic students International students International students Financial support for domestic students If you're an Australian or New Zealand citizen, or if you hold an Australian permanent residency or permanent humanitarian visa, then you're a domestic student. If you're from another nation, please refer to the information for international students. UNSW Scholarships Earn recognition for your potential We're proud to offer a range of scholarships that help you achieve your full potential. We don't just reward academic performance; we also recognise motivation and achievement in the face of limited opportunities in life. To search and apply for awards you're eligible for, visit UNSW Scholarships . Commonwealth assistance Study now, pay later Domestic students can usually study an undergraduate degree without paying upfront. After uni, when you start earning enough at work, the cost of your contribution to the degree gradually comes out of your pay. While this is a typical situation there are exceptions, so to learn more about what's relevant to you and your degree, visit Commonwealth Support and HECS-HELP . Centrelink payments Get paid to study Centrelink offers financial support to help you focus on your studies, but there are certain criteria you have to meet to be eligible. While this support is mostly relevant for undergraduate students, Centrelink also recognise some master's degrees . To find out if you could be eligible for Abstudy, Austudy, the Youth Allowance or the Pensioner Education Supplement, visit Centrelink payments . UNSW Student loans and grants Assistance in times of need We don't want to see anything get in the way of your education, but life happens. At some point during your studies, you might need a little help to cover costs. We offer student loans that charge no interest to pay back, and we offer support grants for essential living costs which you don't have to pay back at all. Hopefully, you'll never need either of these financial aids, but you can rest assured that they are there if you do. Find out about the eligibility criteria for UNSW Student loans and UNSW Student support grants . Travel concessions No car? No worries. Get half-price travel on Sydney buses, light rail, trains, and ferries with a Concession Opal Card. For more information visit travel concessions with Opal card . NDIS access plan Making your degree accessible If you're living with a disability, you could be eligible for support from the National Disability Insurance Scheme. The NDIS provides funding to access the support you need to participate in everyday activities at UNSW. Find more information about accessing the NDIS . UNSW Financial management support Get the skills to manage your bills Money on your mind? Get practical financial advice and money management skills that are relevant to being a uni student. You'll be able to book appointments with student support advisers to discover how to get the most bang for your buck while you study. For more information check out financial management and support . UNSW Fee payment plan Not all degrees offer Commonwealth assistance If you're planning to study a postgraduate degree, it may not be subsidised as a Commonwealth Supported Place (CSP). In this case you'll need to cover your own tuition fees. It's wise to make sure you can afford the studies before you start but if you experience unexpected financial hardship, we can agree upon a fee payment plan with you. For more information, visit fee payment plan . Financial support for international students If you're not an Australian or New Zealand citizen, and if you don't hold an Australian permanent residency or permanent humanitarian visa, you're considered an international student. At UNSW, we have a range of financial support options to help you manage unexpected financial hardship during your studies. You may also be eligible for financial assistance from your home government, depending on your country of origin. Learn more about international financial aid and student support . UNSW Scholarships Earn recognition for your potential We're proud to offer a range of scholarships that help you achieve your full potential. We don't just reward academic performance; we also recognise motivation and achievement in the face of limited opportunities in life. To search and apply for awards you're eligible for, visit UNSW Scholarships . UNSW Student loans and grants Assistance in times of need We don't want to see anything get in the way of your education, but life happens. At some point during your studies, you might need a little help to cover costs. We offer student loans that charge no interest to pay back, and we offer support grants for essential living costs which you don't have to pay back at all. Hopefully, you'll never need either of these financial aids, but you can rest assured that they are there if you do. Find out about the eligibility criteria for UNSW Student loans and UNSW Student support grants . UNSW Financial management support Get the skills to manage your bills Money on your mind? Get practical financial advice and money management skills that are relevant to being a uni student in Australia. You'll be able to book appointments with student support advisers and discover how to make your dollar go further while you study. For more information, visit financial management and support . UNSW Fee payment plan Unexpected financial hardship? We've got you. If you're not on a scholarship, you'll need cover your own tuition fees with us. It's wise to make sure you can afford your studies before you start but if you experience unexpected financial hardship, we can agree upon a fee payment plan with you. For more information, visit fee payment plan . Travel concessions Sydney buses, light rail, trains, and ferries If you're coming to Australia on an Endeavour Scholarship, an Australian Awards Scholarship, or an International Postgraduate Research Scholarship, you're eligible for half-price travel on Sydney public transport. For more information, visit travel concessions with Opal card . U.S. and other international financial aid and student loans Supporting students from the United States and other international countries If you are a citizen of the United States, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Norway or Sweden, you may be eligible to access financial aid or student loan schemes from your home country to support your studies at UNSW Sydney. For more information, visit international financial aid and student support . Need more information? If you have any questions or need personalised advice, get in touch with us. We're here to help. Ask a question Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints