Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply Scholarships Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube Scholarships & Awards Find a scholarship that rewards your ambition and supports your future. Start by exploring our domestic or international scholarships. Domestic International Personalise Show filters Hide filters Take your success to the next level UNSW is where students from all around the world can find the support they need to succeed. Our scholarships aren't just based on your grades - UNSW values leadership skills, extracurricular interests and your passion to study with us. Our globally recognised scholarships and awards will provide financial support, recognise your academic excellence and help you realise your full potential. If you have ambition - bring it. Explore scholarships We offer a broad range of scholarships to help students from all walks of life reach their educational goals. Browse our highlighted scholarships below and explore our full range of opportunities on the scholarships website . We encourage you to apply for all scholarships that you meet the eligibility criteria for. UNSW is introducing a new academic calendar from 2028. We're moving to a new Flex-Semester Academic Calendar from 2028. While your degree structure and requirements will remain the same, the duration of your studies may vary depending on when you commence your degree prior to 2028. Find out what this means for you. Learn more Scholarships for domestic students Academic Achievement Award This scholarship is available to students who achieve the highest raw ATAR (not including adjustment factor points) at NSW and ACT high schools. Receive $5,000 for one year. Find out more Equity Scholarships There are many ways to be considered for an Equity Scholarship at UNSW: Year 12 student from an identified low-SES background: UAC will automatically generate an application for the Educational Access Scheme (EAS) as part of your UAC application. You only need to submit an additional Educational Access Scheme (EAS) or Equity Scholarship (ES) if you want us to know about any additional hardships that have affected your studies. Entering UNSW via the Gateway Admission Pathway: You will automatically be considered for Equity Scholarships based on your UNSW Gateway Admission Pathway application . You only need to submit an Educational Access Scheme (EAS) or Equity Scholarship (ES) if you want us to know about any additional hardships that have affected your studies. Entering UNSW via the Indigenous Admission Pathway: You will automatically be considered for Equity Scholarships based on your UNSW Indigenous Admission Pathway application .You only need to submit an Educational Access Scheme (EAS) or Equity Scholarship (ES) application if you want us to know about any additional hardships that have affected your studies. Applying for the Educational Access Scheme (EAS) or Equity Scholarships via UAC: You will need to submit either an Educational Access Scheme (EAS) or Equity Scholarship (ES) application to be considered for an Equity scholarship. Further details are below. Find out more Scientia Scholarship This scholarship is available to students who achieve a raw ATAR score (or equivalent) of 99.90 or above in an Australian Senior Secondary Certificate or equivalent qualification. Receive $10,000 for the duration of your program. Find out more UNSW Co-op Program This is not your normal scholarship. If you're high achieving and ambitious, the Co-op Program offers leadership and professional development training, three major industry placements, networking opportunities, mentoring and financial support of $19,600 per year. Find out more Rural and Regional Enterprise Scholarships Program The Rural and Regional Enterprise Scholarships ( RRES) program helps Australians in regional and remote areas access higher education. The RRES program supports flexible study arrangements, and eligible students may receive up to $18,000 each. Find out more Scholarships for international students International Scientia Coursework Scholarship The globally recognised and prestigious Scientia Scholarship is our flagship scholarship for students with high academic achievement and leadership skills who are engaged in extracurricular work and are passionate about studying at UNSW. Receive full tuition fee support for the duration of your degree or receive a $20,000 contribution (per year) to tuition fees. Find out more Australia's Global University Award This scholarship supports motivated international students to achieve their academic and personal goals. Through the Australia's Global Award, your future as a global citizen is supported, recognised and powered at UNSW. Receive $10,000 for one year. Payment will be made directly towards tuition fees in the second term of the first year of study. Find out more UNSW College Award This award recognises the achievements of UNSW College students who have successfully completed a UNSW College Foundations program to progress to a bachelor's degree at UNSW. Receive $10,000 for the first year of your undergraduate degree. Find out more International Student Award Receive 20% towards tuition fees for every year of your program. Available for international students from eligible countries starting at UNSW in 2026 and 2027. Find out more How to apply Applying is easy. Explore our full portfolio of scholarships to find the right one for you. Take note of eligibility criteria and application instructions. Some scholarships require you to submit an additional application via the scholarships website or the application can be automatic with your university application. Step 1: Search Find out what scholarship opportunities are on offer Step 2: Register Create an account on the scholarships website Step 3: Apply Prepare your online application including the required documentation Step 4: Submit Submit your completed application by the deadline Need some help? We're here to support you. Ask a question or chat to our friendly team of student advisors. We're here to help you. Get in touch Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints