Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply UNSW Applicant Portal - FAQs Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube UNSW Applicant Portal: Frequently Asked Questions Find answers to questions about the UNSW Applicant Portal and how to complete your application. Apply now Get started How do I create an account and apply? If you're new to the UNSW Applicant Portal , select 'Register Now' on the portal home page to create an account. You'll need a valid email address to register. If you already have an account, log in using your registered email and password. Once logged in, follow the prompts to begin your application. Your application is saved as you go, so you can log out and return at any time. Most applications take approximately 15 minutes to complete. Follow our step-by-step guide to register and submit your application: I have an existing application - how do I access it? To access your application or offer, log in to the UNSW Applicant Portal using your existing login details. You may be prompted to set a new password on your first login - check your inbox for a reset email, including your junk or spam folder. View our guide on how to access your migrated application or offer in the UNSW Applicant Portal: Manage your application How do I view my application activity and upload documents? Once logged in to the UNSW Applicant Portal , you can track the progress of your application, view any outstanding requirements, and upload supporting documents directly through the portal. Refer to our guide on how to check your application activity and upload any required documents: Can I make changes to my application after submitting? Yes, but you won't be able to make the changes online. You will need to submit an enquiry directly to the Admissions team. Specific application types How do I apply for a Research program? Research program applications have additional requirements, including the submission of contact details for up to two academic or professional referees. Find more information on the HDR Application Process page. Follow the step-by-step guide below to complete your Research application: How do I apply as a Non-Award undergraduate student? Non-Award students can apply through the UNSW Applicant Portal . See the guide below for a step-by-step walkthrough of the Non-Award undergraduate application process: How do I apply for an Internal Program Transfer? Current UNSW students looking to transfer to a different program can register and apply through the portal. Read more about Internal Program Transfers (IPT) . See the guide below for step-by-step instructions: Can I request for credit transfer or RPL as part of my application? Yes. To request for credit transfer, make sure you check "yes" to the question ' Are you seeking credit for any of the above studies?' If you're applying for an undergraduate program, please also attach detailed course outlines. I have a UAC International offer - how do I access it? If you received an offer through UAC International, you can access and respond to it via the UNSW Applicant Portal . See the guide below for instructions: Respond to your offer How do I accept or respond to an offer? Once you've received an offer, you can review and respond to it directly through the UNSW Applicant Portal . See the step-by-step guide below: Fees What are the application fees? A non-refundable application fee of $150 AUD may be payable (see below for exclusions). Payment can be made by credit card only, using our secure online payment service. Domestic applicants: Please note the application processing fee does not apply to applications for honours year programs, postgraduate Research programs, programs offered at UNSW Canberra and postgraduate programs. International applicants: Please note the application processing fee does not apply to applications for UNSW Global Diploma programs, postgraduate Research programs and programs offered at UNSW Canberra. Can someone else pay on my behalf? Yes - with their permission, you can use another person's credit card to pay the application fee. Can I get a refund at the exact rate I paid my application fee? Refunds are processed at the market exchange rate on the day of initiation. Due to currency fluctuations, the amount refunded in local currency may differ from the original payment. General Is there an application deadline? Yes. Application closing dates vary by program and intake. Check the application closing dates for the deadline. How many applications can I submit? You can only submit one application at a time, but you may include up to three programs in your preferences. A non-refundable application fee may apply. Can I authorise someone else to apply on my behalf? No. You must personally complete the application to study at UNSW. However, UNSW has recognised agents who may be able to help you with your application. When is the UNSW Applicant Portal service available? The UNSW Applicant Portal is available 24/7, except during system maintenance. Normal hours of support are between 9am - 5pm (Sydney time) from Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays. How do I make sure I receive emails from UNSW? Add unsw.edu.au to your safe senders list or address book to ensure UNSW emails are delivered to your inbox rather than your junk folder. Is help available while completing my application? Yes - contextual help is available at each point in the application form. Hover over the question mark icon next to any field for guidance on what information is required. If you need further assistance, contact our Future Student Advisers . We're here to help. If you can't find the answer you're looking for below, please send us a question, call us on +61 2 9385 1844 Contact us More information For more information about applying to study at UNSW see: UNSW Applicant Portal Closing dates for application Information for domestic students Information for international students Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints