Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply Applying to undergraduate study Entry Requirements Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube Undergraduate entry requirements See how to gain entry into your dream degree Apply now We're proud to welcome the brightest minds to study at UNSW. There are different entry requirements to consider depending on what you want to study. There are also a number of ways you might gain entry to your chosen degree, depending on your educational background. Here's everything you need to know below. Are you an international student? International students have different entry requirements from domestic students. Click here to find out about your entry requirements. Recent school leavers Recent school leavers Non-recent school leavers Non-recent school leavers Are you a high school student, hoping to study at UNSW? If you're a high school student, or you've finished high school in the last two years, you're classified as a 'recent school leaver'. Below is everything you need to know about your entry requirements. Accepted qualifications No HSC? No worries. As a current high school student in Australia, your admission to UNSW will be based on your Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) that you receive after completing your Australian Senior Secondary Certificate (such as the HSC). We also consider a number of international secondary qualifications, including the International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB). If you're completing something other than the NSW HSC, here's a list of other qualifications that UNSW considers for entry: Interstate Year 12 Qualifications International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) GCE A-Levels New Zealand NCEA Level 3 Overseas secondary qualifications considered equivalent to Australian studies You can find more details about our accepted qualifications or search for specific international qualifications below. Find out more Entry ranks for your chosen degree Our Degree Finder tool is the easiest way to find out about entry requirements for your chosen degree. You can also use it to compare entry requirements for multiple courses. Search Degree Finder Adjustment factors: HSC Plus, Access Scheme, EAPL Adjustment factors are programs that will add points to your entry score. You can apply for the following programs at UNSW Elite Athletes Performers and Leaders Program (EAPL) The EAPL program offers up to five extra points towards your application for students who have demonstrated commitment and excellence in sport, music, leadership or academic achievements. HSC Plus HSC Plus rewards your strong performance in relevant HSC subjects (and equivalents) with up to three points for eligible UNSW Sydney and UNSW Canberra City Campus programs and up to 5 points for UNSW Canberra at ADFA programs. The points are added automatically, so there's nothing you need to do. ACCESS Scheme Things like illness, financial hardship, language difficulties and school environment may mean you don't always get your best marks in years 11 and 12. The Educational Access Scheme is designed to assist you. Find out more Admissions pathways - you are more than your ATAR. Admission pathways can combine with your ATAR and may assist you to meet entry requirements for certain programs. There are admission pathways for Art & Design programs, Built Environment programs, Engineering, Information Systems, and Medicine. Find out more Assumed knowledge & bridging courses For some degrees and first-year courses, it is assumed that you have achieved a level of knowledge of the subject area (eg. Mathematics). Performance in relevant Year 12 courses is taken into account in the admission of current Australian Year 12 applicants via UNSW's HSC Plus . If you don't have the assumed knowledge, you won't be prevented from enrolling, but may be placed at a considerable disadvantage and are strongly advised to undertake a Bridging Program or other appropriate preparation. Find out more Has it been more than two years since you left high school? If you've been out of high school for more than two years and want to study an undergraduate degree at UNSW, here's everything you need to know about entry requirements. Accepted qualifications Before applying to UNSW, you should check that your qualification can be accepted for assessment. There are several admission pathways to an undergraduate degree at UNSW, including high school qualifications, UNSW Foundation Studies, a UNSW Diploma, recognised prior study or university transfer. Find out more How you'll be assessed Admission to UNSW is based on merit, meaning we need an academic qualification or prior experience to assess you on. How we assess you will depend upon the academic qualification you provide for assessment. Visit our accepted qualifications page for details. Find out more Prior learning and credit transfer Whether you are moving interstate or want the benefits of studying an undergraduate degree at a world-class university, there are a number of ways to transfer to UNSW depending on your situation. You may be able to have prior learning recognised, and gain credit towards your degree at UNSW. Find out more Admissions pathways for non recent school leavers Admission pathways can combine with your qualifications and may assist you to meet entry requirements for certain programs. There are admission pathways for Art & Design programs, Built Environment programs, Engineering, Information Systems, and Medicine. Find out more Assumed knowledge & bridging courses For some degrees and first-year courses, it is assumed that you have achieved a level of knowledge of the subject area (eg. Mathematics). If you don't have the assumed knowledge, you won't be prevented from enrolling, but may be placed at a considerable disadvantage and are strongly advised to undertake a Bridging Program or other appropriate preparation. Find out more Special Consideration for Applicants with Tertiary Study (SCATS) If you have undertaken university studies and your secondary or tertiary studies were affected by circumstances beyond your control, then SCATS is for you. SCATS is also applicable if you have been excluded from a tertiary institution. Whilst places at UNSW are still competitive and based on academic merit, this allows the university to take your circumstances into account. For more information please refer to the Information Sheet . Click here for types of disadvantage that are considered under SCATS. Begin your undergraduate journey at UNSW by starting your application today. Apply now Looking for more help? If you have any questions or are looking for personalised advice, get in touch with us. We're here to help. Ask a question Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints