Skip to Main Content Study Study options Explore degrees Help me choose Professional development Short courses Online Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Higher Degree Research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Higher Degree Research Fees Scholarships Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Apply now Connect with us Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion TORCH China partnerships Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs Industry engagement International engagement Contact us Find a researcher Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Partnerships Research partnerships Strategic partnerships Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Community Industry Submissions Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Education Research Rankings & reputation Human resources News Events myUNSW Giving Contact Us Type in a search term Search UNSW Study How to apply Accepted qualifications Follow Follow LinkedIn Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube Accepted qualifications We accept qualifications from all over the world Apply now Before applying to UNSW, you should check that your qualification can be accepted for assessment. This could be your high school qualification or a foundational course, or even a UNSW Pathways program. Find out how you can set yourself up for success below. Undergraduate study Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Postgraduate study Accepted qualifications for undergraduate study There are several admission pathways to an undergraduate degree at UNSW, including high school qualifications, UNSW College Foundation Studies program, UNSW College Diploma, recognised prior study or university transfer. High School Qualifications Admission to UNSW will be based on your Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) that you receive after completing your Australian Senior Secondary Certificate (such as the HSC). Here's a list of qualifications that UNSW considers for entry: NSW HSC and Interstate Year 12 Qualifications International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) GCE A-Levels New Zealand NCEA Level 3 Overseas secondary qualifications considered equivalent to Australian studies If you have two secondary qualifications, your most recent one will be considered. Qualifications older than 5 years will not be considered unless applying for the Bachelor of Medical Studies/Doctor of Medicine or Bachelor of Medical Studies/Doctor of Medicine/Bachelor of Arts. If the qualification you've completed isn't listed above, please select the International Qualifications section below. International Qualifications UNSW recognises qualifications from across the globe. Select a location from the list below to see which qualifications we accept. If you hold an overseas secondary qualification from a location where English is not the standard language used in education, please check our English language requirements. VET Study There's more than one way to obtain a Selection Rank and gain entry to UNSW, including high school qualifications, university preparatory programs, VET courses or other university study. Also, if you're a veteran, we want you to bring your difference and for our veterans there's alternative entry options to secure your enrolment at UNSW outside of just an ATAR. You should submit evidence of all the qualifications that you have. These will be assessed individually and your highest ranked qualification that is accepted by UNSW will be used for the purposes of entry. Certificate IV Prospective students who have completed a Certificate IV may apply for entry to UNSW. Generally, AQF accredited Certificate IV qualifications will require a Credit average to be competitive for admission to programs with the lowest selection rank of 80. Competency-based AQF accredited Certificate IV may be considered for admission via Portfolio Entry. Diplomas Prospective students who have completed a Diploma from a recognised institution may apply for entry to UNSW. Generally, AQF accredited Diploma qualifications will require a Distinction average to be competitive for admission to programs with a lowest selection rank above 90. Competency-based qualifications may be considered for admission to programs with the lowest selection rank of 80. Advanced Diplomas Prospective students who have completed an Advanced Diploma from a recognised institution may apply for entry to UNSW. Generally, AQF accredited Advanced Diploma qualifications will require a Distinction average to be competitive for admission to programs with a lowest selection rank above 90. Competency based qualifications may be considered for admission to programs with a lowest selection rank of 80. TAFE Pathways Program This pathway is open to students who have completed an AQF accredited TAFE Diploma or Advanced Diploma for which you may be eligible for credit through Recognition of Prior Learning (RPL) thereby reducing the amount of time required to complete your degree at UNSW. Learn more about the TAFE Pathways Program, including the list of TAFE Diplomas and Advanced Diplomas that enable articulation into an undergraduate degree at UNSW with specified credit transfer: Learn more I want to apply for UNSW Law or B Vision Science/M Clinical Optometry If you have completed an AQF accredited Diploma, you will be assessed based on 50% of your ATAR (or equivalent) and 50% of your completed Diploma. Higher Education Study You may be eligible for admission based on the completion of at least one year of full-time study (or the part-time equivalent) in a bachelor's degree or equivalent or higher, at a recognised university or non-university higher education provider. To have your university studies considered for admission, you must complete at least one year of full-time study (minimum 0.75 full-time equivalent load) within one degree. How will I be assessed? If you have completed an equivalent of 0.75 FTE (full-time equivalent) or more of tertiary study in a single degree, you will be assessed for admission to UNSW on either your tertiary study results OR your ATAR (or equivalent) - whichever is better. If your ATAR is more than 5 years old, you will be assessed only on your tertiary study. How will I be assessed for Medicine? I have completed less than 0.75 FTE of study Less than 0.75 FTE (full time equivalent) of tertiary study is not assessable for entry to UNSW. Your eligibility for admission to a UNSW degree will revert back to your most recent assessable qualification (e.g. HSC or equivalent). To have your university studies considered for admission, you must complete at least one year of full-time study (minimum 0.75 FTE) within one degree at another university. You must also complete the additional selection criteria of all Medicine applicants. More information on those requirements can be found here . I have completed a minimum of 0.75 FTE of study If you have completed an equivalent of 0.75 FTE (full time equivalent) or more of tertiary study in a single degree at the end of the year in which you apply, you will be assessed for admission to the Medicine program on either your secondary OR your tertiary study results. The following minimum criteria applies: Your secondary school qualification component must reach 96.00 ATAR (or equivalent). For applicants applying through the Rural Entry Admission Pathway; your tertiary study component must reach a GPA of 4.8 on a 7.0 GPA scale. For applicants applying through the local and international pathway; your tertiary study component must reach a GPA of 5.5 on a 7.0 GPA scale. Once you have met the minimum requirement, a "best of" algorithm will apply and the qualification with a higher selection rank will be used as a final selection rank for Medicine program admissions purposes. You must also complete the additional selection criteria of all Medicine applicants. More information on those requirements can be found here . I have completed a degree If you have completed a tertiary degree before the end of the year in which you apply, only the completed tertiary qualification will be considered for admission to the Medicine program. For applicants applying through the Rural Entry Admission Pathway; your tertiary study component must reach a GPA of 4.8 on a 7.0 GPA scale. For applicants applying through the local and international pathway; your tertiary study component must reach a GPA of 5.5 on a 7.0 GPA scale. As you have completed a tertiary degree, we will no longer consider your secondary qualification, i.e. a minimum 96.00 ATAR (or equivalent) is not applicable. You must also complete the additional selection criteria of all Medicine applicants. More information on those requirements can be found on the domestic and international application pages. How will I be assessed for UNSW Law or B Vision Science/M Clinical Optometry? I have completed less than 0.75 FTE of study Less than 0.75 FTE (full time equivalent) of tertiary study is not assessable for entry to UNSW. Your eligibility for admission to a UNSW degree will revert back to your most recent assessable qualification (e.g. HSC or equivalent). To have your university studies considered for admission, you must complete at least one year of full-time study (minimum 0.75 FTE) within one degree at another university. To study at UNSW you will need to submit an application via the Universities Admissions Centre . Visit their website for detailed information on how to apply. If you gain entry into a program at UNSW, you may be eligible for credit for courses (subjects) studied at another institution. Find out more about Credit Transfer . I have completed a minimum of 0.75 FTE of study If you have completed 0.75 FTE (full time equivalent) or more of tertiary study in a single degree, you will be assessed for admission based on 50% of your ATAR results (or equivalent) and 50% of your tertiary study results. In all cases, to study at UNSW, you will need to submit an application via the Universities Admissions Centre . Visit their website for detailed information on how to apply. If you gain entry into a program at UNSW, you may be eligible for credit for courses (subjects) studied at another institution. Find out more about Credit Transfer . I have completed an undergraduate degree If you have already completed an undergraduate (Bachelors) degree, you will be assessed for admission based on 50% of your ATAR results (or equivalent) and 50% of your tertiary study results. In all cases, to study at UNSW, you will need to submit an application via the Universities Admissions Centre . Visit their website for detailed information on how to apply. If you gain entry into a program at UNSW, you may be eligible for credit for courses (subjects) studied at another institution. Find out more about Credit Transfer . Foundation Programs UNSW only accepts Group of Eight (Go8) Foundation programs, including: UNSW Sydney (UNSW College) Monash University The Australian National University The University of Adelaide The University of Melbourne The University of Queensland The University of Sydney The University of Western Australia Foundation programs are valid for 5 years. NCUK International Foundation Year (IFY) - For International Applicants only You may be eligible for admission based on the aggregate of 3 subject modules completed in the NCUK International Foundation Year (IFY) as part of the entry requirements. Please note that English for Academic Purposes (EAP), EAP for Proficient Users (EAPPU) and RCS (Research & Communication Skills) are excluded from the calculation; however these subjects can be considered for English proficiency assessment. University Preparation Programs University Preparation Program The Uni Prep Program is a pre-entry program to help further develop your academic skills and prepare you for university learning before you start a degree. After successful completion of the program, you could apply for degrees in Science, Business, Engineering, Criminology, and Arts, Design & Architecture. Please note, the University Preparation Program is not accepted as a basis for admission to the following UNSW programs: Advanced Mathematics Advanced Science Combined Law Medicine Medicinal Chemistry Medical Science Optometry Philosophy, Politics and Economics TAFE Tertiary Preparation Certificate (TPC) You can use the grades you've received from this preparation course as a form of assessment for entry into some UNSW degrees - as long as you are 21 years old or older as of 1 March in the year you start your undergraduate study at UNSW. IMPORTANT: For entry into Arts, Design & Architecture, Business, and Law programs, you must have completed the preparation course with a minimum of 20 units of humanities subjects. Note that this preparation course cannot be used for entry into Combined Law, programs offered by the UNSW Business School (except for Commerce, Economics and Information Systems), Undergraduate Certificate programs, Medicine & Health, Advanced Science (and any dual degrees), Advanced Mathematics (and any dual degrees), and Bachelor of Psychology. This qualification is valid for five years only. Certificate IV in Adult Tertiary Preparation at TAFE Queensland You can use the grades you've received from this preparation course as a form of assessment for entry into most UNSW degrees - as long as you are 21 years old or older as of 1 March in the year you start your undergraduate study at UNSW. Note that this preparation course cannot be used for entry into Combined Law, programs offered by the UNSW Business School (except for Commerce, Economics and Information Systems), Undergraduate Certificate programs, Medicine & Health (except Bachelor of International Public Health), Advanced Science (and any dual degrees), Advanced Mathematics (and any dual degrees), and Bachelor of Psychology. This qualification is valid for five years only. Open Foundation Program at the University of Newcastle UNSW accepts the Open Foundation qualification from the University of Newcastle, provided you are 21 years of age or older as at 1 March in the year you commence your undergraduate study at UNSW. Please note, you may be required to have completed a minimum of 20 units of certain subjects, depending on your desired degree, to be eligible. The completion year for this qualification is taken into account when reviewing your application - qualifications older than five years may not be accepted. UNSW College Diploma You will need to have completed a relevant UNSW College Diploma program and meet the minimum GPA and entry requirements for your degree. For more information about entry pathways with a UNSW College Diploma, visit the degree finder or contact UNSW College . What if I don't have any of the above? Admission to UNSW is based on academic merit. As such, we need something to assess you on. There are a number of qualifications or preparation programs you could pursue to gain a qualification that we can assess for admission here at UNSW. This would include: UNSW University Preparation Program University of Sydney's University Preparation Course (UPC) or University of Newcastle's Open Foundation Program a TAFE qualification ( minimum of a graded Certificate IV or above ), or study at another university for a minimum of 0.75 full-time equivalent study load. Once you have completed any of the above, we can then use the results you receive to assess you for entry into our degrees. An alternative for someone without an assessable qualification noted above is to complete Skills for Tertiary Admissions Test (STAT) which is developed and managed by the Australian Council for Educational Research (ACER). Skills for Tertiary Admissions Test (STAT) To be eligible for admission with STAT results, you must be 21 years old or older by 1 March in the year you start your undergraduate study at UNSW and achieve a minimum score of 157 in the STAT Multiple Choice and 150 in the STAT Written English. STAT test results are valid for 3 years. Applicable to the following programs: Bachelor of Fine Arts Bachelor of Fine Arts/Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Design Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Arts/Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Bachelor of Science/Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Bachelor of Fine Arts/Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Bachelor of Design/Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Bachelor of Criminology & Criminal Justice Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Science/Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Science/Bachelor of Fine Arts Bachelor of Science (Biotechnology) (Honours) Bachelor of Aviation (Management) Bachelor of Environmental Management Bachelor of Environmental Management/Bachelor of Arts As everyone's situation is unique, it's probably best that we have a chat to discuss your specific circumstances and what may be the best option for you. Please ring the Future Students Office on (02) 9385 1844 or submit a question . Accepted qualifications for postgraduate study For postgraduate study, you generally need to have completed an undergraduate degree at university level to be assessed. Detailed information on what's required for admission can be found on our degree pages. Work experience can sometimes be used as a form of assessment for admission into a Graduate Diploma, but this varies by degree. NOTE: Admission to our undergraduate programs is based on academic merit ONLY. Work experience cannot be used for admission into these degrees. Search degrees Need some help? If you need help assistance with accepted qualifications, contact us below. We're here to help. Ask a question Top unsw.edu.au Engage with us Contact us Find an expert Careers at UNSW Education at UNSW Alumni Study UNSW International Degree Finder Student Portal Academic Calendar News, Media & Events Newsroom UNSW events Student news About us Our rankings & reputation Faculties and schools Campus locations Centres and institutes UNSW Library UNSW Sydney NSW 2033 Australia Telephone: +61 2 93851000 UNSW CRICOS Provider Code : 00098G TEQSA Provider ID : PRV12055 ABN : 57 195 873 179 Acknowledgement of Country UNSW respectfully acknowledges the Bidjigal, Biripai, Dharug, Gadigal, Gumbaynggirr, Ngunnawal and Wiradjuri peoples, on whose unceded lands we are privileged to learn, teach and work. We honour the Elders of these Nations, past and present, and recognise the broader Nations with whom we walk together. UNSW acknowledges the enduring connection of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to culture, community and Country. The Uluru Statement Follow us Follow us Follow UNSW on LinkedIn Follow UNSW on Facebook Follow UNSW on Instagram Follow UNSW on TikTok Follow UNSW on YouTube Follow UNSW on WeChat UNSW Little Red Book Privacy statement Copyright & Disclaimer Accessibility Site feedback Complaints