Skip to main content menu close News Events myUNSW Alumni & Giving Contact Us Scholarships Study Study Scholarships Study Study options Study options Study Study options Our faculties Explore degrees Online Short courses Discover UNSW Discover UNSW Study Discover UNSW Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Graduate research Our campus Accommodation Support for students How to apply How to apply Study How to apply Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International Research Fees Scholarship Help centre Help centre Study Help centre Ask a question Speak to a student Received an offer? Information for parents Information for educators Agent Hub Research Research Scholarships Research Research strengths Research strengths Research Research strengths Clean energy Climate adaptation & built environment Technology for good Healthier lifespans Equity, security & prosperity Partner with us Partner with us Research Partner with us Research & development Grant funding Intellectual property Case studies Investment portfolio Unisearch expert opinion Facilities & infrastructure Facilities & infrastructure Research Facilities & infrastructure Find a facility Find an instrument Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre Research Imaging NSW Research Technology Services Higher degree research Higher degree research Research Higher degree research Find a supervisor or project Scholarships Application process Fees & costs International engagement Faculties Faculties Scholarships Faculties Our faculties Our faculties Faculties Our faculties Arts, Design & Architecture Business School Engineering Law & Justice Medicine & Health Science UNSW Canberra Engage with us Engage with us Scholarships Engage with us Engage with UNSW Engage with UNSW Engage with us Engage with UNSW Social media Community outreach Global engagement Complaints Giving Giving Engage with us Giving Overview Why give to UNSW Areas to support Ways to give Impact stories Give now Alumni Alumni Engage with us Alumni Overview Alumni essentials Professional hub Get involved Update your details Find an expert Find an expert Engage with us Find an expert Find an expert Industry partnerships Industry partnerships Engage with us Industry partnerships Partner with us Services and solutions Funding opportunities Small businesses Impact and case studies About us About us Scholarships About us Our story Our story About us Our story Leadership & governance Our strategy Our culture Our people Our impact Our impact About us Our impact Societal impact Innovation Enterprise Centres & institutes Collaboration Collaboration About us Collaboration Community Industry Government Our campus Our campus About us Our campus Faculties & Schools Respect & diversity Library Excellence Excellence About us Excellence Education Research Human resources Home Find a scholarship FAQs Contact us International Student Award Link Apply now International Student Award - receive 20% toward tuition fees when you start at UNSW in 2026 and 2027. UNSW celebrates the impact and contribution of international students with our new International Student Award. Receive 20% toward tuition fees for every year of your program. The Award is available for students from eligible countries who are starting their studies in 2026. Plus, you can combine the Award with other UNSW scholarships. Now is the time to study at UNSW Sydney and realise your full potential. Who is eligible for the International Student Award and what do you receive? Value 20% contribution towards your tuition fees each term for the duration of program To be eligible, applicants must meet all of the following criteria: Be an International Student; and Be a citizen of an eligible country ; and Be commencing full-time study as a new student on campus^ in a UNSW Diploma, UNSW Undergraduate or Postgraduate coursework program (excluding programs offered by AGSM, UNSW Online, UNSW Canberra, UNSW Foundation Programs, Transition Program Online, any program taught in the Hexamester calendar or Study Abroad students); and Must have applied and received an offer of admission* into a UNSW undergraduate or postgraduate degree program; and Must not be a current student of UNSW (exceptions made for those who have completed an undergraduate program at UNSW and are commencing a postgraduate program) ^Open to students commencing studies online in a program that is usually offered on campus. *Open to students commencing their studies at UNSW in 2026 and 2027. *This scholarship cannot be deferred. How do I apply? To apply for the UNSW International Student Award applicants must submit a personal statement of no more than 500 words outlining their reasons to study the proposed program at UNSW. New applicants can upload their personal statement through the UNSW Applicant Portal as part of their application. Existing offer holders should upload their personal statement via the UNSW Applicant Portal or myUNSW if you are a UNSW Foundation or UAC applicant. How will I be assessed? Each applicant will be assessed based on their UNSW Admissions Application. You will be assessed on your ability to demonstrate: Academic Merit Aptitude and commitment to studies How will I be notified? We know that time is of the essence and that you want to make arrangements to come to Sydney. That's why you will receive your scholarship confirmation within two days of receiving your offer via email. If you already have an offer of admission you can expect to receive your scholarship confirmation within two weeks of uploading your statement. Combine your scholarships You are eligible to apply for and receive other scholarships in addition to the International Student Award. However, the International Student Award cannot be combined with special offers or tuition fee arrangements under the Sponsor Partners Program. Check out the range of other scholarships available. Check out the range of other scholarships available . Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Click through for frequently asked questions (FAQs) . Terms and Conditions Click through for terms and conditions of the Award. Haven't found what you're looking for? Contact us Talk to a member of our Scholarships team FAQs See if your question has already been answered For donors & sponsors Contact our Philanthropy office to discuss opportunities