Skip to main content Study Global Visit Research News About Alumni Local Staff Students Schools & departments MyEd Submit search International applicants Subsite menu Home Study options Study options Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Study abroad programmes International Foundation Programme Summer School Online learning Completing the UCAS application Academic entry requirements Visa & immigration requirements English language requirements Supporting your application Supporting your application Events and visits Application support Fees, funding and costs Agents Agents Find your local contact Roles & responsibilities Subsite mobile menu Home Study options Expand/collapse submenu Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Study abroad programmes International Foundation Programme Summer School Online learning Completing the UCAS application Academic entry requirements Visa & immigration requirements English language requirements Supporting your application Expand/collapse submenu Events and visits Expand/collapse submenu Undergraduate events Postgraduate events Application support Fees, funding and costs Agents Expand/collapse submenu Find your local contact Roles & responsibilities Breadcrumb Home The University of Edinburgh Study International applicants Fees, funding and costs Fees, funding and costs There are a range of costs associated with financing your studies at the University of Edinburgh, including fees and accommodation. Tuition fees Tuition fee rates for international students are available on the Scholarships and Student Funding website. Fees are listed by course and level (undergraduate, postgraduate or study abroad students). Tuition fees Scholarships and funding There are a number of scholarships and funding opportunities available to international students to study at the University of Edinburgh. Full details of the eligibility criteria and the online application procedures for these scholarships are available from Scholarships and Student Funding Services. Scholarships and Student Funding - Undergraduate Scholarships and Student Funding - Postgraduate Accommodation Most new international students are guaranteed to be offered a room in University accommodation. Please be aware that there are deadlines for accommodation applications. Find out more about University accommodation applications on the New Students website. New Students - Accommodation Find out more about the type of accommodation offered at the University on the Accommodation website. Seach University accommodation Frequently asked questions about University accommodation Living costs Budgeting for bills and utilities is an important part of planning for university life. The cost of living can vary greatly depending on your lifestyle, budget and spending habits. You can find out more about the costs of living in Edinburgh on the New Student's website. New Students - Living costs Banking If you plan to make any regular payments through direct debit (tuition fees, rent or household bills), or are receiving any support loans, it is recommended that you open a bank account in the UK. Learn about your options for opening your first student bank account in the UK on the New Students website. New Students - Banking Working during or after studies The Student Immigration Service provide advice to international students on working during or after studying in the UK. You can find more information on the Student Immigration Service website. Working in the UK - Student Immigration Service This article was published on Tuesday 12 November 2024 Help improve our services Contact us The University of Edinburgh Terms & conditions Privacy & cookies Complaints procedure Modern slavery Website accessibility Freedom of information publication scheme Data protection / Records Management Digital Sustainability MyEd login The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a " Recognised body " which has been granted degree awarding powers. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, all material is copyright © The University of Edinburgh 2026. User account menu CMS login