Skip to main content Schools & departments MyEd Submit search Undergraduate entry requirements by region Subsite menu Home Africa Africa Botswana Cameroon Ghana Kenya Malawi Mauritius Morocco Nigeria South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Other countries The Americas The Americas Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Ecuador Mexico Peru United States of America West Indies and Caribbean Other countries Asia Asia East Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central & West Asia Australasia Australasia Australia New Zealand Europe Europe European Union Belarus Iceland Montenegro North Macedonia Norway Russia Switzerland Serbia Ukraine Middle East Middle East Qatar Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Other countries Subsite mobile menu Home Africa Expand/collapse submenu Botswana Cameroon Ghana Kenya Malawi Mauritius Morocco Nigeria South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Other countries The Americas Expand/collapse submenu Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Ecuador Mexico Peru United States of America West Indies and Caribbean Other countries Asia Expand/collapse submenu East Asia Expand/collapse submenu China Hong Kong-SAR China Japan Republic of Korea Taiwan Southeast Asia Expand/collapse submenu Cambodia and Myanmar Indonesia Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam South Asia Expand/collapse submenu Bangladesh Bhutan, Maldives & Nepal India Pakistan Sri Lanka Central & West Asia Expand/collapse submenu Kazakhstan Uzbekistan Other countries Australasia Expand/collapse submenu Australia New Zealand Europe Expand/collapse submenu European Union Belarus Iceland Montenegro North Macedonia Norway Russia Switzerland Serbia Ukraine Middle East Expand/collapse submenu Qatar Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Other countries Subsite menu East Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central & West Asia Expand/collapse submenu Kazakhstan Uzbekistan Other countries Breadcrumb Home The University of Edinburgh Study International applicants Undergraduate entry requirements by region Asia Central & West Asia Other countries Other countries Undergraduate entry requirements for applicants from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kyrgystan, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan. New Student visa applications from outside the UK by nationals of Afghanistan will be refused from 26 March 2026. Current students in the UK with a valid Student visa are not affected. Students are admitted to the University of Edinburgh with a range of qualifications: GCE A Levels, the IB , Standardised Tests (SAT, ACT or AP ) and other recognised regional systems. GCE A Levels International Baccalaureate American qualifications International Foundation Programme Applicants from, Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kyrgystan , Tajikistan and Turkmenistan with a Certificate of Secondary Education would normally be required to complete a foundation year before beginning an undergraduate programme at Edinburgh. However, our International Foundation Programme (IFP) offers a route into many undergraduate degree programmes at the University of Edinburgh. The IFP is designed to prepare international students who are not eligible for direct entry into undergraduate study at the University of Edinburgh. This pre-undergraduate programme is a full-time, one year programme carefully tailored to give international students the experience and skills required to succeed at undergraduate level and help build confidence with academic English. Find out more: International Foundation Programme Exceptions for applicants to the College of Science and Engineering The College of Science and Engineering accepts some secondary school qualifications from certain countries that they are able to consider. Armenia The Araratian Baccalaureate is accepted for entry. Applicants must have three Extended Level subjects at grades which meet the published A level entry requirements for their chosen degree. Applicants must also meet any A level subject requirements. Azerbaijan Applicants to undergraduate degree programmes in the College of Science and Engineering with high school qualifications can be considered for entry. Applicants must have: passed the Certificate of Secondary Education with an average of 4.5 overall and 5 in required subjects successfully completed our internal admissions tests. College of Science & Engineering Internal Admissions Test In certain circumstances, we may not have an International Foundation Programme pathway into our undergraduate degree programmes. If this is the case, you may be eligible to take an Internal Admissions Test set by the College of Science & Engineering. Find out more: Internal Admissions Test Eligibility for the Internal Admissions Test is limited, and exceptional grades in specific subjects are required. In addition, you must demonstrate outstanding performance on the Admissions Test itself. Please note, over the next few years, Internal Admissions Tests will be phased out as new International Foundation Programme pathways are introduced to better support student success and progression. English Language requirements All applicants are required to demonstrate a level of English language competency, regardless of their nationality or country of residence. These requirements are listed by programme. English Language Advice Specific English language requirement by programme Applicant support Each course may have further specific entry requirements. All applicants must meet these requirements. Staff in the Admissions Offices will be able to provide further guidance: Undergraduate admissions contact form Browse our events calendar to see if we are hosting an event in your area: Events calendar Review student visa requirements on our Student Immigration Service website: Student Immigration Service Support in your country We currently work with education agents in many different countries and regions globally: View our agents in your country About Edinburgh Unibuddy - chat to our students Open Day and events This article was published on Tuesday 12 November 2024 Contact us The University of Edinburgh Terms & conditions Privacy & cookies Complaints procedure Modern slavery Website accessibility Freedom of information publication scheme Data protection / Records Management Digital Sustainability MyEd login The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a " Recognised body " which has been granted degree awarding powers. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, all material is copyright © The University of Edinburgh 2026. User account menu CMS login