Activate high contrast To main content Students & Education Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund Search Students & Education Menu openen Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Menu openen Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Menu openen Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Menu openen Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Menu openen Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund facebook instagram youtube linkedin whatsapp whatsapp Nederlands Activate high contrast Close menu Search Close search Delft University of Technology Students & Education Admission and Application BSc - International diploma Admission Requirements Open menu BSc - Dutch diploma BSc - International diploma Admission Requirements Required Documents Application Procedure Dates & Deadlines Numerus clausus programmes Programme Choice Check FAQ MSc - Dutch bachelor's degree MSc - International diploma Elective course Minors Exchange students PhD Admission Requirements Secondary School Diploma Required (National) Examination Subjects Deficiencies Language Requirements Secondary School Diploma Deficiencies Required (National) Examination Subjects Language Requirements Secondary School Diploma Deficiencies Language Requirements Secondary School Diploma To be eligible for admission, you must hold a secondary school diploma that is considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university VWO diploma. In addition, specific (national) examination subjects are required. These subject requirements vary per BSc programme and can be found in the table below. International Baccalaureate (Diploma Programme) There are additional conditions for this diploma. Click here for more information. European Baccalaureat There are additional conditions for this diploma. Click here for more information. A levels (U.K. education system) There are additional conditions for this diploma. Click here for more information. Country specific diplomas For an overview of the specific countries, click here . Refugees This section is only relevant for recognised refugees who hold a valid Dutch residence permit. In most cases, refugees hold a secondary school diploma that is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. You may be eligible for admission after successfully completing one of the Dutch university Foundation Year programmes listed below, including the subjects required for admission to the TU Delft BSc programme of your choice. As part of your application, you must submit an International Credential Evaluation (IDW ). Please note that TU Delft does not offer a Foundation Year programme itself: Boswell-Bèta Foundation (schakel) programma VASVU (Field: (Bio)medicine and hard sciences) Language Foundation Programme Leiden- Den Haag, TST (Profile: Nature - Technology - Health) Tilburg University with VWO Physics (if applicable) Erasmus University Please note that TU Delft does not accept Foundation Year programmes offered by Holland International Study Centre (Holland ISC), OnCampus Amsterdam (University of Amsterdam), Education First (EF), or any other non-Dutch provider. Applicants who have successfully completed the VASVU Foundation Year programme and apply for a Dutch-taught BSc programme are considered to have met TU Delft's Dutch language requirement. Applicants who have successfully completed the VASVU Foundation Year programme and apply for a Dutch-taught BSc programme are considered to have met TU Delft's Dutch language requirement. Applicants who have completed one of the other accepted Foundation Year programmes and apply for a Dutch-taught BSc programme must also successfully complete the Dutch for Engineers (NvI) course, also known as Language of Science (Vaktaal), offered by TU Delft's Centre for Languages and Academic Skills . This requirement does not apply to applicants for the BSc Electrical Engineering programme. Please note that TU Delft, in principle, does not accept separate Dutch language certificates, English language certificates, or individual VWO subject certificates as a basis for admission. Applicants must follow the same application procedure as all other prospective students holding a non-Dutch secondary school diploma. Is your diploma not listed above? Please submit a complete application through Studielink and Osiaan. We will then be able to assess whether your diploma meets the admission requirements for your chosen programme. Required (National) Examination Subjects BSc programme Mathematics Physics Chemistry Biology Aerospace Engineering X X Applied Mathematics X Applied Physics X X Architecture, Urbanism and Building Sciences X X Civil Engineering X X Clinical Technology X X X Computer Science and Engineering X Earth, Climate and Technology X X X Electrical Engineering X X Industrial Design Engineering X X Life Science and Technology X X X Marine Technology X X Mechanical Engineering X X Molecular Science and Technology X X X Nanobiology X X X X Systems Engineering, Policy Analysis and Management X X Deficiencies If your secondary school diploma is considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university VWO diploma, but you have not passed, or will not pass, one or more of the required (national) examination subjects listed in the table above, you are considered deficient in those subject(s). To satisfy the admission requirements, you must successfully pass the corresponding VWO entrance examination(s) before 1 September. VWO Entrance examinations from the following organisations are accepted by TU Delft: Boswell-Bèta (exams available in English and can be taken from home via remote online proctoring. Please contact Boswell-Bèta per e-mail to request the remote exam). Central Committees for Entrance Exams (CCVX) (exams available in English but must be taken in person on location in Utrecht - The Netherlands). State exam (exams and information only available in Dutch). Language Requirements BSc programmes with language of instruction English: Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering English Track, Earth, Climate and Technology (Applied Earth Sciences), Nanobiology Proficiency in Dutch There are no requirements for proficiency in Dutch. Proficiency in English TOEFL test reports obtained from January 21, 2026: A TOEFL iBT with an overall band score of 5 . TOEFL test reports obtained before January 21, 2026: A TOEFL iBT with an overall band score of at least 90 . TU Delft does not accept TOEFL MyBest scores; the required scores should be obtained in one single test. IELTS (Academic version) with an overall band score of at least 6.5. Note: The IELTS Online (Academic) test and the IELTS Indicator test cannot be accepted. Cambridge Assessment English: at least a C1 Advanced (Certificate of Advanced English; there are no requirements regarding the scores). Note: We advise you to register for the test of your choice well in advance. Depending on your location, registering for a test could take several months. If you are not able to obtain your English test results before the application deadline, your application cannot be considered. Certificates that are older than two years on the day you have uploaded the document and completed your application, are not accepted. The following applicants are exempted from the English test requirement: Nationals from the USA, U.K., Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and Canada. Applicants who obtained a secondary school diploma in one of the aforementioned countries. Applicants with British A levels or an International USA High School diploma. Applicants with a European Baccalaureate if the language of instruction was English or if English 1 or English 2 was taken as a final examination subject. Applicants with an International Baccalaureate (Diploma Programme) if the language of instruction was English or when English A Literature or English A Language and Literature (either HL or SL), is one of the IB exam subjects Applicants with a European secondary school diploma with a pass for English as a final examination subject. Applicants with a Surinam VWO diploma with a pass for English as a final examination subject. BSc programmes with language of instruction Dutch: Applied Mathematics, Applied Physics, Architecture, Civil Engineering, Clinical Technology, Computer Science and Engineering Bilingual (Dutch-English) track, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Design Engineering, Life Science & Technology, Marine Technology, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Policy Analysis & Management. Proficiency in Dutch A good command of the Dutch language is required. For the Dutch taught Bachelor programmes the entrance requirement is Dutch at pre-university VWO level. You must meet this requirement before the start of your Bachelor programme. Please see below which situation applies to you. No knowledge of Dutch If you have no knowledge of Dutch, you have to follow and pass the Dutch language preparatory year offered by TU Delft's Centre for Languages and Academic Skills . You can only register for the Dutch preparatory year if you have received a (conditional) admission letter. The Dutch preparatory year starts in August or September (in the year before the start of your BSc programme). Limited knowledge of Dutch If you have limited knowledge of Dutch, you must take a language Placement test at TU Delft's Centre for Languages and Academic Skills to test your proficiency. The result will determine which Dutch language courses you need to take. You can only take a Placement test if you have received a (conditional) admission letter from TU Delft. Advanced knowledge of Dutch If you are proficient in Dutch on B2 level (or higher) you should contact the TU Delft's Centre for Languages and Academic Skills to schedule an assessment. The assessment will determine whether your Dutch is sufficient to start your studies or if you need to take one of the Dutch language courses on offer. You can only schedule an assessment if you have received a (conditional) admission letter from TU Delft. Sufficient knowledge of Dutch If you have one of the following secondary school diploma's you meet TU Delft's Dutch language requirement: Algemeen Secundair Onderwijs (ASO) European Baccalaureate with Dutch as Language 1 International Baccalaureate (Diploma Programme) with Dutch A (Language and Literature, or Literature) at HL or SL. VWO Suriname (if the language of instruction was Dutch) VWO The Netherlands Antilles (if the language of instruction was Dutch) Proficiency in English TOEFL test reports obtained from January 21, 2026: A TOEFL iBT with an overall band score of 4.5 . TOEFL test reports obtained before January 21, 2026: A TOEFL iBT with an overall band score of at least 70 . TU Delft does not accept TOEFL MyBest scores; the required scores should be obtained in one single test. IELTS (academic version) with an overall band score of at least 5.5. Note: The IELTS Indicator test is not accepted as it does not compare to the IELTS Academic test. Cambridge Assessment English: at least a B2 Advanced (formerly known as Cambridge English - FCE; there are no requirements regarding the scores). Note: We advise you to register for the test of your choice well in advance. Depending on your location, registering for a test could take several months. If you are not able to obtain your English test results before the application deadline, your application cannot be considered. Certificates that are older than two years on the day you have uploaded the document and completed your application, are not accepted. The following applicants are exempted from the English test requirement: Nationals from the USA, U.K., Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and Canada. Applicants who obtained a secondary school diploma in one of the aforementioned countries. Applicants with British A levels or an International USA High School diploma. Applicants with a European Baccalaureate if the language of instruction was English or if English 1 or English 2 was taken as a final examination subject. Applicants with an International Baccalaureate (Diploma Programme) if the language of instruction was English or when English A Literature or English A Language and Literature (either HL or SL), or English B (HL) is one of the IB exam subjects Applicants with a European secondary school diploma with a pass for English as a final examination subject. Applicants with a Surinam VWO diploma with a pass for English as a final examination subject. Go to Required Documents Share this page: Facebook Linkedin Twitter Email WhatsApp Share this page Delft University of Technology facebook instagram youtube linkedin whatsapp whatsapp Postbus 5 2600 AA Delft The Netherlands Contact and accessibility Disclaimer Privacy & Security Reading assistant BrowseAloud Vacancies Intranet Student portal Donate Press room Activate high contrast Students & Education Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund Search