Activate high contrast To main content Students & Education Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund Search Students & Education Menu openen Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Menu openen Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Menu sluiten Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Menu openen Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Menu openen Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund facebook instagram youtube linkedin whatsapp whatsapp Nederlands Activate high contrast Close menu Search Close search Delft University of Technology Students & Education Admission and Application BSc - International diploma Required Documents Open menu BSc - Dutch diploma BSc - International diploma Admission Requirements Required Documents Application Procedure Dates & Deadlines Numerus clausus programmes Programme Choice Check FAQ MSc - Dutch bachelor's degree MSc - International diploma Elective course Minors Exchange students PhD Required Documents Diploma Curriculum Vitae Transcript Proof of Identity Language Certificate Diploma Language Certificate Proof of Identity Transcript Curriculum Vitae Diploma Transcript Language Certificate Curriculum Vitae Proof of Identity Diploma Graduated: An original or *certified copy of your secondary school diploma (or certificate(s) in the original language. Not graduated yet: You may apply for a BSc programme if you are in the last year of your studies. Provide a *certified statement from your school confirming the type of diploma (and profile / specialisation if applicable) you will obtain, if this is not already clear from the transcript you are uploading. While we can assess your initial eligibility based on the required documents, providing *certified proof of graduation is mandatory for your enrolment in case of a positive admission decision. You must fulfil all graduation requirements for your diploma prior to the start of the academic year at TU Delft; it is not allowed to have results pending after 31 August. If the diploma is in a language other than English or Dutch, a *certified translation is also required. The content and authenticity of the diploma must be verifiable. Open this pdf file to read the definition of certified documents. Make sure to be prepared for the diploma verification procedure and bring your graduation documents to Delft. Transcript Graduated: An original document or a certified copy of your final transcript or list of grades in the original language. Not graduated yet: Your most recent official transcript in the original language. If your transcript is issued in a language other than English or Dutch, you must also provide a certified* translation. If applicable, please also upload: A certified copy of your (provisional) university transcript. For refugees residing in The Netherlands: an International Credential Evaluation (IDW) and Proof of enrolment in a Dutch foundation year programme (for example, Boswell-Bèta or VASVU), including an overview of all subjects and levels, as well as any examinations you have already passed or will take in the future. Language Certificate Dutch If applicable, your Dutch language certificate. English The following English language certificates are accepted: TOEFL iBT When registering for the test, indicate TU Delft's institutional code, 0031. If you have already taken the test and did not indicate TU Delft's institutional code, then check the test organisation's website on how to provide TU Delft access to your scores. IELTS (academic version) Cambridge Assessment English First Certificate in English (FCE) (only for Dutch taught programmes) C1 Advanced (Certificate of Advanced English) C2 Proficiency (Certificate of Proficiency in English) Curriculum Vitae A Curriculum Vitae (CV) in English. There is no mandatory format for your CV, but you may use the Europass CV format if you wish. Your CV should not exceed three pages. Please make sure your CV includes the following information: The name of your secondary school diploma in the original language. Your final examination subjects and, where applicable, the examination level of each subject. Please refer to the Required (National) examination subjects for your BSc programme. Any additional skills, interests, extracurricular activities, achievements, or other information you consider relevant. Subject deficiencies : If your secondary school diploma is considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university VWO diploma, but you did not pass one or more of the required (National) examination subjects (Mathematics and, depending on the BSc programme, Physics, Chemistry and/or Biology), you are considered to have a deficiency in those subjects. Please clearly mention this in your CV. To be eligible for enrolment, these deficiencies must be removed before the start of your BSc programme by successfully completing the corresponding Dutch VWO entrance examination(s) offered by one of the organisations accepted by TU Delft . If you are currently studying at a Science or Engineering university, or if you are enrolled in a Foundation Year programme recognized by TU Delft, please also include: The name of your institution and programme. The subjects or courses you are currently taking. The qualification or level you expect to achieve upon completion. Proof of Identity Non EU/EFTA nationals Please provide a clear copy of the page(s) in your valid passport showing: Your full name Date of birth Place of birth Passport expiration date Signature For non-EU/EFTA nationals who require a Dutch visa and/or residence permit, the Dutch Immigration and Naturalisation Service (IND) requires that the passport remains valid for at least six months after 1 September. If you are admitted to the BSc programme and your passport expires within this period, you must submit a renewed passport no later than 1 May. Already living in the Netherlands? If you currently reside in the Netherlands, please also provide a copy of your Dutch residence permit (both the front and back of the card). EU/EFTA Nationals A photocopy of your passport or ID card (front and back side). Your passport/ID card must be valid until at least the start of the academic year (1 September). Final upload checklist Please upload clear scans of all required documents that apply to your situation: Your secondary school diploma and a certified translation (if applicable). Your secondary school transcript/list of grades and a certified translation (if applicable). Your first-year transcript from a Science or Engineering university programme and a certified translation (if applicable). A copy of your passport (all relevant pages) or your European ID card (front and back). Please ensure that the document meets the validity requirements listed under Proof of Identity. Your Dutch residence permit (if applicable). Your Curriculum Vitae (CV). Proof of English language proficiency. Please make sure that all uploaded documents are complete, legible, and uploaded in the required format. Providing all applicable documents will help us assess your application as efficiently as possible. Go to Application Procedure Share this page: Facebook Linkedin Twitter Email WhatsApp Share this page Delft University of Technology facebook instagram youtube linkedin whatsapp whatsapp Postbus 5 2600 AA Delft The Netherlands Contact and accessibility Disclaimer Privacy & Security Reading assistant BrowseAloud Vacancies Intranet Student portal Donate Press room Activate high contrast Students & Education Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund Search