Activate high contrast To main content Students & Education Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund Search Students & Education Menu openen Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Menu openen Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Menu sluiten Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Menu openen Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Menu openen Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund facebook instagram youtube linkedin whatsapp whatsapp Nederlands Activate high contrast Close menu Search Close search Delft University of Technology Students & Education Admission and Application BSc - International diploma Admission Requirements Country specific requirements Open menu Admission Requirements Required Documents Application Procedure Dates & Deadlines Numerus clausus programmes Programme Choice Check FAQ Country specific requirements Africa* West African Senior School Certificate (WAEC) National Senior Certificate (NSC) This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Albania Accepted diploma: Diplomë e Maturës Shtetërore (Diploma of State Matura) with Mathematics as a Matura examination subject. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Matura examination subject(s) as well. Armenia* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Australia Accepted diplomas: One of the below mentioned Australia year 12 diplomas in combination with an ATAR score of at least 86. For all BSc programs Mathematics is mandatory as a final examination subject. Depending on the BSc program of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as final examination subjects as well. Australian Capital Territory: Australian Capital Territory Senior Secondary Certificate with at least 120 standard units, 3 major T courses and 1 minor T course, including Mathematical Methods T (major), and if required by the program, Physics T, Chemistry T, Biology T. All mandatory subjects need to be major courses. New South Wales: Higher School Certificate with at least 10 units of category A Board Developed Courses (at least four courses), including two English units, two units Mathematics Advanced, and if required by the program, two units Physics, two units Chemistry, two units Biology. Northern Territory: Northern Territory Certificate of Education and Training with at least 90 credits at Stage 2 completed, of which 60 credits consist of Stage 2 20-credit Tertiary Admissions Subjects, including Stage 2 Mathematical Methods, and if required by the program, Stage 2 Physics, Stage 2 Chemistry, Stage 2 Biology. Queensland: Queensland Certificate of Education with at least 20 credits of QCAA subjects obtained, including Mathematical Methods (Units 3/4), and if required by the program, Physics (Units 3/4), Chemistry (Units 3/4), Biology (Units 3/4). South Australia: South Australian Certificate of Education with at least 90 credits at Stage 2 completed, of which 60 credits consist of Stage 2 20-credit Tertiary Admissions Subjects, including Stage 2 Mathematical Methods, and if required by the program, Stage 2 Physics, Stage 2 Chemistry, Stage 2 Biology. Tasmania: Tasmanian Certificate of Education with at least three TASC accredited courses studied in grade 12 at level 4. Mathematical Methods level 4 is always mandatory and, if required by the program, Physics level 4, Chemistry level 4, Biology level 4. Victoria: Victorian Certificate of Education with passes in at least 5 grade 12 subjects (unit 3 and unit 4 subjects). Including Mathematical Methods level 4 with a study score of at least 20, and if required by the program, Physics level 4, Chemistry level 4, Biology level 4. Western Australia: Western Australia Certificate of Education with at least four Year 12 ATAR subjects. Including Year 12 Mathematical Methods, and if required by the program, Year 12 Physics, Year 12 Chemistry, Year 12 Biology. Austria Accepted diploma: Reifezeugnis / Reifeprüfungszeugnis of a Allgemeinbildende Höhere Schule (AHS) with Mathematics as a Klausurprüfung examination. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Mündliche Prüfung or Klausurprüfung examination subjects as well. Belgium Accepted diplomas: Wallonia ; Certificat d'Enseignement Secondaire Supérieure with Mathematics (6 hours) as a final examination subject. If Physics, Chemistry or Biology is/are required for the BSc program of your choice Sciences (6 hours) is required as a final examination subject as well. Flanders ; Diploma van Secundair Onderwijs with a Doorstroomfinaliteit. A Limited number of Studierichtingen qualifies for admission to all TU Delft BSc programmes. Brazil* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Bulgaria Accepted diploma : Diploma Za Sredno Obrazovanie (DZSO) with Mathematics as a Profiled Matura State examination. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Profiled Matura State examinations as well. You must obtain a score of at least 3 for each of the required Matura examination subjects. Canada Accepted diplomas: You are eligible for admission if you hold the Quebec Diplôme d'Études Collégiales (DEC) préuniversitaire with Mathematics as a final DEC examination subject. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as final DEC examination subjects as well. The below mentioned diplomas are only accepted in combination with: 4 USA College Board AP examinations, each with a score of at least 3. For the required AP examinations, please refer to the information regarding ' American High School '. Or Successful completion of the first year (60 ECTS) of a 4-year relevant bachelor's program at an accredited, academic, Canadian university with an overall GPA of at least 75% of the scale maximum. A relevant program is a program which is the same or closely related to the program you wish to study at TU Delft. - British Columbia: The Senior Secondary Graduation Diploma (Dogwood Diploma) - Manitoba: The High School Graduation Diploma - Ontario: The Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) - Other English provinces: The High School Graduation Diploma Note 1: We require students to have completed at least the final two years of Canadian secondary education. Note 2: If you obtained your diploma from a private (online) school outside Canada, the school must be officially recognized by, or operate under an agreement with, the relevant Ministry of Education. If you obtained your diploma from a private (online) school in Canada, the school must be inspected by the relevant Ministry of Education and authorized to award credits towards a recognized Secondary School Diploma. Caribbean Accepted diploma: Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination Diploma (CAPE). The CAPE diploma is required with three Double units in general/academic subjects and an overall grade of l-III. For all BSc programmes Mathematics is required as a Double unit. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , physics, chemistry and/or biology are required as a Double unit as well. Chile* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. China Accepted diploma: Senior middle school graduation certificate (also known as general secondary education certificate) and the National College Entrance Examinations (Gaokao) in Mathematics. Depending on the BSc program of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology are mandatory subjects in the Gaokao as well. The Gaokao must be obtained with a minimum overall score (CGPA) of 75% and with a score of at least 75% for each of the mandatory subjects. Colombia* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Costa Rica* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Croatia Accepted diploma: Svjedodžba o (državnoj) o Maturi from a Gimnazija with Mathematics as a State Matura examination subject at Advanced level. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as State Matura Optional examination subjects as well. Cyprus The admissions requirements for students with the Cypriote Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate (Apolytirio Lykeiou) are currently under review. The requirements will be published as soon as possible (no later than by 1 November 2026). Czech Republic Accepted diploma: Vysvědčení o maturitní zkoušce from a Gymnázium with Extended Mathematics ('Matematika rozšiřující) as a National Matura state examination subject. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Matura (profiled) school specific examination subjects as well. Denmark Accepted diplomas: Studentereksamenbevis (STX) Bevis for Højere Forberedelseseksamen (HF) with the standard exam subjects and at least 2 additional exam subjects at level A in the final exam Højere handelseksamen/merkantil studentereksamen (HHX) Højere teknisk eksamen/teknisk studentereksamen (HTX) For all programs Mathematics A is required. For BSc programs requiring Physics, Chemistry, Biology these subjects must have been completed on at least level B. Ecuador* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Estonia Accepted diploma: Gümnaasiumi Lõputunnistus and Riigieksamitunnistus. Mathematics at Advanced / Extended level is required up to and including the final year and as a National exam subject and must be passed with a score of at least 50%. Depending on the BSc program of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology are required up to and including the final year and as a school exam subject. Each of the required school exam subjects must be passed with a minimum score of 3/5. Ethiopia* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Finland Accepted diploma: Ylioppilastutkintotodistus/ Studentexamenbevis with Advanced Mathematics as a National Matriculation examination. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as National Matriculation examinations as well. France Accepted diploma: Baccalaureat Général ( with additional conditions ) Germany Accepted diploma: Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife (Abitur), with Mathematics as an Abitur examination subject (Abiturprüfungsfach) at Higher level (Leistungskurs (LK) / Erhöhtes Anforderungsniveau). Depending on the BSc programme of your choice Physics, Chemistry and/or Biology is/are required as Abitur examination subjects (Abiturprüfungsfächer) as well. These subjects may be taken either at Higher level (Leistungskurs (LK) / erhöhtes Anforderungsniveau) or at Standard level (Grundkurs (GK) / grundlegendes Anforderungsniveau). Greece The admissions requirements for students with the Apolytirio Eniaiou Lykeiou/Apolytirio Genikou Lykeiou are currently under review. The requirements will be published as soon as possible (no later than by 1 November 2026). Hong Kong Accepted diploma : Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) in 6 subjects with a grade of at least 3 per subject. Mathematics Extended (M1 or M2) is a mandatory final examination subject for all TU Delft BSc programmes. Depending on BSc programme of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as final examination subjects as well. Hungary Accepted diploma: 'Gimnaziumi Érettségi Bizonyítvány' or a 'Szakközépiskolai Érettségi (Képesítö) Bizonyítvány' with Mathematics as a Matura examination at Advanced Level. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Matura examinations subjects at Advanced Level as well. Iceland Accepted diploma: Stúdentspróf (Matriculation Examination) from a Menntaskóli with Mathematics as a final (Matriculation) examination. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Final (Matriculation) examination subjects as well. India Accepted diplomas: A Standard XII diploma (Academic stream) All India Senior School Certificate by the CBSE Board. Mathematics should always be a Final examination subject. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology should also be Final examination subjects. You need to take at least 5 examination subjects and the score for each subject must be at least B1. A Standard XII diploma (Academic stream) Indian School Certificate by the CISCE board. Mathematics should always be a Final examination subject. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology should also be Final examination subjects. You need to take at least 5 examination subjects and the score for each subject must be at least 75%. Certificates from other Indian Boards do not qualify for admission. You must also fulfil the English language requirements . Indonesia* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Iran* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Ireland Accepted diploma: Leaving Certificate of the Established programme with at least 6 examination subjects at Higher Level with a score of H1-H4). For all TU Delft BSc programs Mathematics is mandatory as a Higher Level examination subject. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Higher Level examination subjects as well. Israel Accepted diploma: Te'udat Bagrût with Mathematics at unit level 5. For BSc programmes for which Physics, Chemistry or Biology are required these Bagrût subjects should have been passed at unit level 4. Italy Accepted diploma :Diploma di Superamento dell'Esame di Stato Conclusivo dei Corsi di Istruzione Secondario Superiore obtained at a Liceo Scientifico. Students with a diploma from a Liceo Classico / Liceo linguistico or Liceo scienze umane are required to pass the VWO Entrance examination in Mathematics B. Additional VWO Entrance examinations (Physics, Chemistry, Biology) are required depending on the BSc program of your choice . Japan* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Kazakhstan Accepted diploma: Nazarbayev Intellectual Schools (NIS) Grade 12 Certificate with Advanced Mathematics as a final NIS examination subject. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Advanced NIS examination subjects as well. Latvia Accepted diploma: Atestāts par vispārējo vidējo izglītību. Mathematics is always required as a final examination at Advanced Level. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as a final examinations at Advanced Level as well. Lebanon* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Lithuania Accepted diploma: Brandos Atestatas with at least three State Matura exams, including Mathematics A (Level) and depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry and Biology; none of these exams with a score below 36. Luxembourg Accepted diplomas: Diplôme de Fin d'Etudes Secondaire, Enseignement Classique (ESC) with Mathematics as a Final examination subject. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Final examination subjects as well. Malaysia Accepted diploma: Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia/Matriculation Certificate with Mathematics T as a Final examination subject. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Final examination subjects as well. Malta You are eligible for admission if you hold the Malta Matriculation Certificate awarded by the University of Malta and the Matriculation Certificate Examination (MATSEC) with the following requirements: At least 2 Advanced Level subjects, including Pure Mathematics. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology are required as Advanced Level subjects as well. The minimum required score for each subject is D. And: At least 4 subjects at Intermediate Level, all with a minimum score of D (including 'Systems of Knowledge'). Mexico* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Moldova Accepted diploma: Diploma de Baccalaureate (Profil Real) with the National Baccalaureate examination in Mathematics. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as National Baccalaureate examinations as well. Morocco* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Netherlands Antilles Netherlands Antilles Accepted diploma: VWO diploma. Mathematics B is required for all TU Delft BSc programmes. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry and/or Biology are also required. New-Zealand Accepted diploma: The University Entrance certificate with the National Certificate of Educational Achievement level 3, with three approved subjects with 14 credits per approved subject at level 3. Mathematics at level 3 is required for all BSc programs. If Physics, Chemistry, Biology are required by the BSc program , these subjects need to be passed at level 3 as well. Nigeria* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Norway Vitnemal for Videregaende Opplaering, having one of the general/academic programmes mentioned below: Art, design and architecture Media and communication Music, dance and drama Specialization in general studies Sports and physical education For all BSc programmes, Mathematics for Natural Science (R1 and R2) is required up until Vg3. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics (1 and 2), Chemistry (1 and 2) and/or biology (1 and 2) are also required up until Vg3. Peru* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Poland Accepted diploma: Swiadectwo Dojrzalosci. You have successfully passed the Matura examination in Mathematics and depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology. All required subjects must be passed at Advanced Level and each Matura exam taken must be passed with a minimum score of 30% Portugal Accepted diploma : Diploma or certificado do Ensino Secundário, Cursos científicos humanisticos, with a grade point average of at least 15 (Média Final) and Classificações para Acesso ao Ensino Superior (ENES) in the subjects: 1. Mathematics (A) and 2. Physics and Chemistry with scores of at least 120. In case Biology is required for the BSc program of your choice 3. Biology and Geology is also required at ENES. Romania Accepted diploma : Diploma de Baccalaureate (Theoretical) with the National Baccalaureate examination in Mathematics. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as National Baccalaureate examinations as well. Russia* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Saudi Arabia* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Scotland Accepted diploma: Scottish Qualifications Certificate (SQC) with 2 Advanced Highers plus 4 Highers. All six subjects must be passed with a score of at least C. Mathematics is mandatory as Advanced Higher. Depending on the BSc program of your choice , Physics is required as Advanced Higher as well; Chemistry and/or Biology are accepted as Highers. Serbia Accepted diploma : Diploma o Stečenom srednem obrazovanju or Diploma Uverenje o položenom maturskom ispitu (Diploma of Completed Secondary Education) with Mathematics as a National State Matura exam subject. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as subject(s) during the final year of studies. Singapore Accepted diploma: Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (GCE A Level) in at least 5 subjects. 3 or 4 H2 Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-levels. Mathematics is mandatory. Depending on the BSc programme of your choice , Physics, Chemistry, Biology are required at H2 Level as well. 1 H1 Singapore Cambridge GCE A-level; The course General Paper/Knowledge of Inquiry. All subjects must be passed with a grade of at least C. Slovakia Accepted diplomas: Vysvedčenie o Maturitnej Skúške from a Gymnázium with Mathematics as a Maturita examination. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Maturita examination subjects as well. Slovenia Accepted dipoma: Splošna Matura with Mathematics as a Higher-Level Matura examination subject. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry, Biology is/are required as Matura examination subjects as well. South Africa* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. South Korea* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Spain Accepted diploma: Titulo de Bachiller with Sciences (Ciencias) profile and an overall average grade of at least 7.0 in Combination with University Entrance Examination(s) (Selectividad/PAU/EBAU/EvAU). Mathematics is a mandatory examination subject. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics, Chemistry and/or Biology are required as well. You must obtain a score of at least 6.0 for each of the required examination subjects in the Selectividad/PAU/EBAU/EvAU. Surinam Accepted diplomas: Vwo ( with additional conditions ) Sweden Accepted diploma: Högskoleförberedande Examen. Mathematics 4 should always be part of your profile and final examinations. Depending on the BSc program of your choice Physics 2, Chemistry 2 or Biology 2 should also be part of your profile and final examinations. Switzerland Accepted diplomas : Maturitätszeugnis/Certificat de Maturité with Mathematics as Matura 'Schwerpunktfach' (Major/Advanced level) examination. If Physics is required for the BSc program of your choice , Physics as Matura 'Ergänzungsfach' (Elective/Optional subject) examination. If Chemistry, Biology is/are required, these subjects should be taken as 'Grundlagenfächer' (common subjects) at the Matura examination. A Berufsmaturität / Fachmaturität Maturity Certificate does not qualify for BSc admission at TU Delft. Taiwan* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Turkey* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. Ukraine* This secondary school diploma is not considered equivalent to the Dutch pre-university (VWO) diploma. To be eligible for admission, you must have successfully completed at least the first year (60 ECTS) of a Bachelor of Science (BSc) or Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programme at an accredited academic university. The programme must be in the same field, or a closely related field, as the TU Delft BSc programme to which you are applying. In addition, you must have achieved a Grade Point Average (GPA) of at least 75% during your first year of study. United Kingdom Accepted diplomas: GCE/A-certificates ( with additional conditions ) United States Accepted diplomas: American High School diploma from an accredited high school with College Board Advanced Placement tests. Vietnam Accepted diploma: Bang Tot Nghiep Pho Thong Trung obtained at a High School for the Gifted with a final grade point average of 75% for mathematics and, depending on the BSc programme at TU Delft a final grade point average of 75 for physics, chemistry and or biology . Share this page: Facebook Linkedin Twitter Email WhatsApp Share this page Delft University of Technology facebook instagram youtube linkedin whatsapp whatsapp Postbus 5 2600 AA Delft The Netherlands Contact and accessibility Disclaimer Privacy & Security Reading assistant BrowseAloud Vacancies Intranet Student portal Donate Press room Activate high contrast Students & Education Programmes Admission and Application Study Programme Orientation Student portal Lifelong Learning For schools Research Societal challenges Faculties and institutes Research facilities Stories Innovation & Impact Business collaboration Pioneering Tech Entrepreneurship Project Cases Community Alumni Campus Life Events Social safety Science Centre About TU Delft Find employees Contact Locations Press room Current Calendar Library Jobs Organisation Strategy University Fund Search