Skip to main content Skip to search Skip to subnavigation Erasmus University Rotterdam Close Open search Close Open menu Erasmus University Rotterdam Switch language to EN English current language NL Nederlands Search Close Search Search Top search phrases Master Open Day All master programs Study in Rotterdam Suggested content Find your bachelor programme in 5 steps View all bachelor programmes This is what a Bachelor Open Day looks like Student for a Day Primary Education Open submenu Education Bachelor programmes Master programmes Continuing Education Executive education Practical matters Study in Rotterdam Minors Elective courses Educational innovation Alumni Research Open submenu Research Our researchers PhD Research groups & initiatives Research Services Studio Erasmus Prizes and distinctions Research vision Engagement Open submenu Engagement Impact & Engagement Partnerships About the university Open submenu About the university Organisation Vision & Strategy 2030 Policy and regulations Rankings Annual events Academic ceremonies EUR Holding Podcast Working at Campus Open submenu Campus Locations University Library Tomorrow's Campus Art & Culture Opening hours Contact Open submenu Contact Press Crisis and disaster support Bachelor admission and application Alexander Santos Lima Listen Here you can find information about the admission process for a Bachelor degree at Erasmus University Rotterdam. 1. Programme requirements and deadlines Each bachelor programme has its own specific admission requirements and application procedure you will need to meet and follow. On the programme specific page, you will find their requirements and deadlines: Overview international bachelor programmes Overview Dutch bachelor programmes 2. Profiency tests If you do not meet the language or math requirements of the programme, you will be asked to demonstrate your skills with a proficiency test . Keep the deadlines of these tests in mind, to ensure a smooth application process. 3. Finances You found a programme you like and you meet the requirements. The next step is to have a look at the finances. Check out our FAQ on finances , where you will learn all about tuition fees, the costs of living in the Netherlands, information on scholarships and more. Also, ensure you are aware that all applicants for a bachelor's programme with an international diploma must pay a non-refundable application fee of €100. Non-EU/EEA students: don't forget the expenses and deadlines for an immigration procedure . 4. Apply for admission and pay your non-refundable application fee The first step of the application is to register for your programme of choice in Studielink . After registering in Studielink, you will receive follow-up emails to login to our EUR Admissions Portal. When you log in to the Admissions Portal, all students with an international diploma applying for a bachelor programme must pay a non-refundable application fee of €100 . You can only continue your application once the fee is paid. Later in the process, you will need to upload various required documents. Because of the selective nature of all international bachelor programmes of Erasmus University Rotterdam, meeting the requirements does not automatically mean you will be selected. After you have submitted your application, we will take all uploaded documents into consideration. If you have not yet completed your secondary school education, please ask your school counsellor to complete this diploma statement . 5. Handing in certified copies of your diploma and final transcript To finalise your application, you need to hand in your diploma and final transcript (for some diploma's we ask additional documents, such as university entrance examination results). Please send certified copies of your diploma and final transcript to us by post (see FAQ for address details). Erasmus University Rotterdam will never ask you to send your originals documents. Certified hardcopies Certified hardcopies are copies of official documents which are stamped and signed by a school official, notary or other authorised person. The stamps and signatures should be freshly placed on top of the hardcopies, in "wet" ink. They cannot be scans or copies of already stamped and signed documents. Certified translations We accept diplomas and transcripts in Dutch, English, German, Spanish, Italian and French. If your original diploma and transcript are not in one of these languages, we need certified translations. With certified translations, we mean exact translations made by a sworn translator. These translations also need to be stamped and signed in wet ink. Digitally/online verfiable diploma's If your diploma can be verified online via your institution or the Ministry of Education of your country, please provide the necessary information. For example documents with QR codes or the admit card ID for the Indian Senior School Certificate. The International Baccalaureate diploma can also be verified online: see our institutional codes in the FAQ. FAQ's about admission and application Am I admissible? Since entry requirements and selection procedures for each programme at Erasmus University Rotterdam are decided by the programmes themselves, they differ per programme. Therefore, we are forwarding you straight to the programme page for information on the admission process. Contact information for the programme of your choice can also be found on the programme page. Feel free to contact them about programme-specific procedures. Note: it is our policy not to give information about admissibility over email. When in doubt: apply via Studielink . We will review every application. I want to share my International Baccalaureate/TOEFL/SAT results with EUR, what is your institutional code? If you want to share your IB/TOELF/SAT results with us, use one of the below institutional codes. Please note that the Central Admissions Office's code is different from the Rotterdam School of Management (RSM) and Erasmus School of Economics (ESE) code. International Baccalaureate Organization 036995 (Erasmus University Rotterdam - Central Admissions) 034892 (RSM) 037280 (ESE) TOEFL 7199 (Erasmus University Rotterdam) 0798 (RSM) 2641 (Erasmus University Rotterdam, ESHCC) 5394 (ESE) SAT 6757 I transferred my tuition fee. Did you receive it? Please contact the Erasmus Student Service Centre (ESSC) for al your questions related to tuition fees. How can I get in touch with the International Office? Find all contact details. A-levels publishing date and deadline We are aware that the official results of the A-levels are published mid-August, which is after the deadline for handing in your certified copies (1st of August). Your school can, therefore, send us your Provisional Statement of Results, as issued by the Exam Board, when it becomes available. What is the definition of "conditional admission"? If you get an email from your faculty or the Central Admissions Office that you are conditionally admitted, congratulations! However, please keep in mind that if you did not graduate yet at the time of your application, you still need to obtain your diploma and attain the minimal grade requirements your conditional offer is based on. Regardless of already having arranged housing or a flight to Rotterdam, you are not admissible if these requirements are not met. Can I book a Campus Tour? That is possible! Contact your faculty and get a tour from a student ambassador who studies the programme you are interested in. Can you help me find housing in Rotterdam? In the Netherlands, student housing is not arranged by the university. You need to arrange accommodation yourself. Although Erasmus University Rotterdam has reserved accommodation for about 25% of our yearly incoming international students, most of you will need to secure housing on the private market. Please have a look at our Housing for International Students page . Can you give me a proof of enrollment/tuition fee payment/sign my form? Take a look here for more information on how to request these documents. Feel welcome in Rotterdam Join our orientation activities Information for international students Ask your question through e-mail Contact us! Share this page Subnavigation Practical matters Bachelor admission and application Diploma overview Colloquium Doctum Mathematics Deficiency Exam Non-Dutch Diploma and the Colloquium Doctum Programmes with limited places - numerus fixus Don't meet the requirements? Registration Immigration Orientation & arrival Scholarships & grants Going abroad Advice & counselling Examinations Study results Graduation Contact Open navigation for Bachelor admission and application Close Compare @count study programme Close Compare @count study programme @title Duration: @duration Remove @title Compare study programmes Breadcrumb Home Education Practical matters Bachelor admission and application Erasmus University Rotterdam Directly to Information Directly to Education Research Engagement About the university Working at Campus Contact Information ANBI Cookies Disclaimer Privacy statement Accessibility Our channels Facebook Instagram X (formerly twitter) Linkedin Youtube Making Minds Matter Watch the video Close