Skip to main content Main Navigation Admissions & Aid Academics Life @ Pomona News & Events About Alumni & Families Give today Quicklinks & Search Menu Close Main navigation Admissions & Aid Academics Life @ Pomona News & Events About Alumni & Families Search Go Quicklinks Quicklinks A-Z Directory Athletics Campus Map Catalog Dining Menus Give Today Pages for... Audience Navigation New Students Students Faculty Staff Quicklinks & Search Search Go Quicklinks Quicklinks (Mobile) A-Z Directory Athletics Campus Map Catalog Dining Menus Give Today Pages for... Pages For… New Students Students Faculty Staff Close Menu You are here Home Admissions Applying to Pomona International Applicants International Applicants Shark Mutulili '25, a public policy analysis major from Nairobi, Kenya, is the 13th Rhodes Scholar in Pomona College's history and the second woman at Pomona to win the award. Learn More Hannah Gough '25, who is from Adelaide, Australia, has her sight set on making the Australian national team bound for the 2026 World Cup in Tokyo and the 2028 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. Learn More Students gain career experience through the Pomona College Internship Program. Among them is Grace Zheng '26, a politics and economics double major with a minor in philosophy from Hong Kong. Learn More 56km east of Los Angeles, and 659km south-east of San Francisco, in Claremont, California Four airports serve the greater Los Angeles area (BUR, LAX, ONT and SNA), but Ontario International (ONT) is the closest to Pomona College. LAX may be the most economical for international travel. Pomona College draws students from around the world with its excellent reputation for academic and professional preparation, its resources for self-development, and the advantages of its vibrant Los Angeles-area setting. Enjoying small classes and close relationships with faculty, Pomona students can choose from 630 Pomona classes or over 2,700 class options through cross-registration at any of the neighboring five Claremont-Scripps, Claremont McKenna, Harvey Mudd and Pitzer-Colleges. We welcome the vibrant cultural backgrounds of all our students and, typically, 12 to 15% of those admitted to the first-year class each year are international students. The student body includes students from over 65 countries outside of the U.S. Expand the photo: map of representation of students across countries Angola 1 Argentina 4 Aruba 1 Australia 3 Austria 1 Bangladesh 3 Bolivia 1 Brazil 10 British Virgin Is. 1 Cameroon 1 Canada 15 Chile 1 China 48 Colombia 1 Egypt 1 Estonia 1 Ethiopia 3 Finland 1 France 3 Gabon 1 Georgia 2 Germany 2 Ghana 6 Greece 7 Guatemala 1 Hong Kong 12 India 19 Indonesia 2 Israel 2 Italy 1 Jamaica 1 Japan 9 Kazakhstan 1 Kenya 10 Kuwait 1 Lebanon 1 Luxembourg 1 Macau 1 Mauritania 1 Mexico 5 Moldova 1 Mongolia 1 Morocco 1 Myanmar 1 Nepal 1 Netherlands 1 New Zealand 2 Nicaragua 2 Nigeria 4 North Macedonia 1 Pakistan 4 Peru 3 Philippines 3 Russia 1 Rwanda 3 Saudi Arabia 3 Singapore 7 South Africa 1 South Korea 16 Spain 1 Switzerland 2 Taiwan 5 Thailand 6 Turkey 13 Ukraine 3 United Arab Emirates 4 United Kingdom 17 Uruguay 1 Vietnam 4 Zimbabwe 3 Academics, Research & Internships Consistently named one of the best liberal arts colleges in the country, Pomona has a rich academic culture, with faculty providing both engaging classroom experiences and opportunities to partner on research, attend professional conferences and benefit from close advising and mentorship. 13 Average Class Size 48 Majors 6,000+ undergraduates at The Claremont Colleges Pomona Faculty 227 full-time 96% hold Ph.D. or highest degree in their field 62% of students worked with faculty on research Being part of The Claremont Colleges (the 5Cs) means that Pomona students can take classes at the neighboring colleges and can conduct research with 5C faculty or faculty at Claremont Graduate University or Keck Graduate Institute, the graduate-school members of The Claremont Consortium. For example, Juste Simanauskaite '21, of Lithuania, completed her senior thesis with Dr. Rachita Sumbria and the members of the Sumbria Lab at the Keck Graduate Institute during her senior year at Pomona College before accepting a position as Life Science Research Professional in the Department of Neurology and Neurological Sciences at Stanford University, where she will join the Longo Lab to explore and develop small molecule therapeutic strategies that target neurodegenerative disorders. Sampling of Recent International Student Internships The Council for Watershed Health Los Angeles, CA Tulsea Media Mumbai, India RenovaBR São Paulo, Brazil Immersion Neuroscience Henderson, NV Resources for International Students Expand the video: Meet Kathy Quispe, Asst. Director for International Student & Scholar Services Meet Kathy Quispe, Asst. Director for International Student & Scholar Services, and hear her advice on what students should do when they arrive to Southern California! A variety of resources support the wellness of all students. Additionally, there are resources dedicated specifically to international students. The International Student Mentor Program (ISMP) is a valuable resource, providing international students with mentorship and support from their first year and beyond. Dedicated staff also assist through the International Student Support Program , providing information and resources around employment, maintaining legal status, income tax information, travel, and much more. How to Apply Students studying outside the United States may apply using the same forms as all first-year applicants , may apply for any program (Early Decision I or II or Regular Decision), and are subject to the same application deadlines. If you are currently enrolled full time at a postsecondary institution (college or university), you must apply as a transfer applicant and should follow the same application deadlines as those for other transfer students . International Testing Profile 5 Minimum TOEFL 7 Minimum IELTS 130 Minimum Duolingo All applicants to Pomona have the option to self-report standardized (ACT or SAT) test scores. Students are encouraged to decide how best to present themselves to the admissions committee and whether-or not-their standardized test results accurately reflect their academic ability and potential. Test scores are one factor among many- grades, curriculum rigor, recommendations and essay-that are considered in the application review process to assess academic preparation for Pomona. If applying from a school where English is not the primary language of instruction, applicants are required to submit scores from either the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) , the International English Language Testing System ( IELTS) or the Duolingo English Test . Visit our International Applicants' Frequently Asked Questions for more detailed information on how to apply. Financial Aid for International Students Any admitted student with demonstrated financial need is offered a financial aid package that meets 100% of that need. While loans are available, Pomona does not use loans to meet a student's financial need. Pomona does not provide merit or athletic scholarships but is committed to a fully need-based financial aid program . Forty-one per cent of our international students qualify for and receive need-based aid, with the average amount of aid nearly $74,000/year. Admissions is need-aware for international applicants, but we meet the full need of every admitted international student. Admissions & Aid Admissions Admissions A-Z Why Pomona? Applying to Pomona Admissions Decisions FAQ Valued Qualities Arts Supplements Privacy Policy International Applicants International Applicant FAQs QuestBridge Applicants Transfer Applicants Undocumented / DACAmented Applicants Veteran Applicants Visiting Students Paths to Apply Connect & Visit Diversity & Access Current Applicants Resources Request Information Financial Aid Access Your Applicant Portal Visit Pomona Tour our beautiful campus, meet an admissions officer, and interact with current students. Plan your visit today . Contact Us Sumner Hall admissions@pomona.edu (909) 621-8134 Monday through Friday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Request Information Facebook Instagram Mailing Address Pomona College 333 N. College Way Claremont , CA 91711 Get in touch Contact (909) 621-8000 Contact Us Connect Social media links Instagram Twitter Tiktok LinkedIn Youtube Facebook Footer The Arts Athletics Accessibility Location & Maps Emergency Employment Social Media Directory TCCS Give back to Pomona Support Pomona Part of The Claremont Colleges Legal ©2026 Pomona College Privacy Nondiscrimination Feedback