Skip to main content Main Navigation Admissions & Aid Academics Life @ Pomona News & Events About Alumni & Families Give today Quicklinks & Search Menu Close Main navigation Admissions & Aid Academics Life @ Pomona News & Events About Alumni & Families Search Go Quicklinks Quicklinks A-Z Directory Athletics Campus Map Catalog Dining Menus Give Today Pages for... Audience Navigation New Students Students Faculty Staff Quicklinks & Search Search Go Quicklinks Quicklinks (Mobile) A-Z Directory Athletics Campus Map Catalog Dining Menus Give Today Pages for... Pages For… New Students Students Faculty Staff Close Menu You are here Home Financial Aid Applying for Aid Application Materials and Deadlines Application Materials and Deadlines Every student that is interested in applying for financial aid consideration must have a complete financial aid application in order for our staff to calculate your financial aid eligibility. The FAFSA is required to apply for federal financial aid. The CSS Profile is required to apply for institutional financial aid. Both applications will be based upon information from prior-prior year's federal tax returns (or equivalent for non-US tax filers) and the current value of household assets (cash/checking, net worth of investments, real estate, business, etc.). California DREAM Act eligible students would submit the CA DREAM Act Application in lieu of the FAFSA, in order to apply for California state financial aid. Financial Aid Application Deadlines Prospective Students Early Decision I: November 15 QuestBridge National College Match: November 1 Posse Scholar: November 15 Early Decision II: January 15 Regular Decision: January 15 Transfer Students: March 1 Domestic Student Applicant Checklist International Student Applicant Checklist Returning Students Every student must reapply for financial aid for each upcoming academic year, including: domestic, undocumented and DACAmented students as well as students admitted to Pomona through Posse Scholar programs. Log into your FINAID47 account on the Student Portal to view your Financial Aid Document Checklist to download forms, review missing items, and to check on the status of materials submitted. Renewal Deadline: April 15 Financial Aid Application Materials FAFSA: Available Online October 1 U.S. Citizens and eligible non-U.S. Citizens must complete the FAFSA to be considered for federal and state aid programs. The FAFSA is required for students that are only interested in applying for an Unsubsidized Federal Direct Loan or the Federal Direct Parent PLUS Loan . In some cases, private scholarship organizations require students to have completed a FAFSA. CSS Profile: Available Online October 1 Apply online using school code 4607 Domestic undergraduate students are required to submit the CSS Profile to be considered for institutional financial assistance. Students must complete the entire application to determine whether a waiver will be granted for the application fee. Domestic undergraduate students may submit CSS Profile for free if: Family adjusted gross income is up to $100,000 The student qualified for an SAT fee waiver The student is an orphan or ward of the court under the age of 24 CSS Profile for noncustodial parents of domestic undergraduate students is free to submit for noncustodial parents whose family adjusted gross income is up to $100,000. For students with biological parents that live in separate households, a CSS Profile is required for each parent's household . Students may request to have their non-custodial biological parent waived from their financial aid application by uploading the CollegeBoard's waiver request form and supporting documentation through IDOC. Tax Documents: Upload through IDOC after completing the CSS Profile Access to IDOC is granted by the CollegeBoard 1 to 2 business days after completing the CSS Profile Upload through IDOC the prior-prior year's Federal Tax Returns, Forms W-2 and schedules used to file the Federal Tax Return. Individuals that have filed an amendment to their federal tax return must upload the Form 1040X For individuals that own a business or a percentage of a business, we ask to receive the prior-prior year's tax documents for each business: Form 1120, Form 1120S, Form 1065, Schedule K-1 Documents are time-stamped when uploaded through IDOC, but will generally take about 5 to 7 business days before they are received by Pomona College Additional Information for Financial Aid Applicants International Applicants Information for international applicants can be found on our International Student page . California Residents California residents are expected to apply for the California State Grant by submitting their FAFSA or CA DREAM Act Application no later than March 2 nd . High School counselors will submit your GPA information on your behalf as part of this process. DACA students and undocumented students who will graduate from a California high school and meet the eligibility requirements from AB540 may apply for the state grant through the California Dream Act Application , even though you are not eligible to apply for federal financial aid. Undocumented and DACAmented Students Pomona College is committed to providing need-blind admission and need-based financial aid for undocumented and DACAmented students. These students are considered to be domestic student applicants by the Offices of Admissions and Financial Aid. Undocumented and DACAmented students may complete the CSS Profile, upload tax documents through IDOC, and if eligible, apply for the CA DREAM Act Application, in order to apply for financial aid at Pomona College. Visit the Office of Admissions page for more information about Pomona's commitment to admitting students regardless of citizenship status and resources. Veteran Students and Dependents of Veterans Pomona College is grateful for the service of our veteran students and the veteran parents of our students. In honoring their service and commitment to our country, we are proud to partner with the Department of Veterans Affairs to support veterans and their beneficiaries. VA Educational benefits can be used as a component of your financial aid package . If you are only intending to use your VA educational benefits and are not applying for financial aid consideration, submit your Certificate of Eligibility from the VA to our office. Please visit the VA for more information about your educational benefits. For all students (Prospective and Returning) All financial aid applications must be received by the last day to add a class for each semester. For fall this is usually in early September, for spring this is usually early February. Please refer to the Academic Calendar in the Pomona College Catalog for specific dates for the current academic year. Request for Appeal due to a Change in Circumstances Families facing severe financial problems due to recent loss of income, extraordinarily high medical expenses, or business declines may complete and submit the below Change in Circumstances and Income and Expense Forms , and provide any pertinent supporting documentation. This may include, but is not limited to, a letter of termination from an employer, more recent tax forms reflecting reduced personal and/or business income, receipts, etc. Include any documentation that you feel provides our office the best understanding of your family's current situation. Change in Circumstances Form Admissions & Aid Admissions Financial Aid Financial Aid A-Z Forms Access My Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Applying for Aid Application Materials and Deadlines Divorced or Separated Parents International Student Aid Veteran Programs Federal Verification Process FAQs Payment Plan & Educational Loan Options Policies Student Employment Financial Literacy Federal Consumer Information Disclosures Staff Listing Access Your Applicant Portal Contact Us Sumner Hall financial.aid@pomona.edu (909) 621-8205 Instagram Mailing Address Pomona College 333 N. College Way Claremont , CA 91711 Get in touch Contact (909) 621-8000 Contact Us Connect Social media links Instagram Twitter Tiktok LinkedIn Youtube Facebook Footer The Arts Athletics Accessibility Location & Maps Emergency Employment Social Media Directory TCCS Give back to Pomona Support Pomona Part of The Claremont Colleges Legal ©2026 Pomona College Privacy Nondiscrimination Feedback