Skip to main content Admissions Outcomes The Student Experience Financial Aid Degree Finder Academics Undergraduate Arts & Sciences Departments and Programs Research, Scholarship & Creativity Centers & Institutes Geisel School of Medicine Guarini School of Graduate & Advanced Studies Thayer School of Engineering Tuck School of Business Campus Life Events Diversity & Inclusion Athletics & Recreation Student Groups & Activities Residential Life More About News Giving News Media Search Dartmouth College Explore Dartmouth Undergraduate Admissions click to open About Dartmouth Values History & Traditions Campus Commitment to Diversity Alumni & Outcomes Dartmouth's Global Impact Our Town: Hanover, NH Security & Fire Safety Report Academics Areas of Study Scholars Who Teach Academic Resources Languages Majors & Minors Custom Majors Flexible Study Plan Internships Research Study Around the World Life at Dartmouth Student Groups & Activities Athletics & Recreation Housing & Dining Service Sustainability Student Resources Discovering Your Dartmouth Visit Experience Dartmouth Connect with a Student Dartmouth Comes to You College Access Programs Parking & Travel Apply Apply to Dartmouth Testing Policy Universal Need-Blind Policy Admissions FAQ's Admissions Glossary International Students Rural Students Check Your Application Gap Year Class Profile Counselors The Admissions Team Dean Lee Coffin Afford Apply for Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid FAQ's Financial Aid Glossary How Aid Works Message from the Director Types of Financial Aid Follow Admissions Beat Podcast 3D Magazine Admissions Blog Request Information Dartmouth Social Media Publications Video Follow @dartmouthadmissions on Instagram Search form Search Go Click to Open Search 3 3D Magazine A Academic Evaluation ACT Alumni Interview Application Application Deadline Application Fee Application Fee Waiver Application Portal Art Supplement B Bound (Dartmouth Bound) C Cambridge English Exam Candidacy Decisions College Course Syllabi College Report Common App Confidentiality of Admissions Records Contact Context Counselor Evaluation Counselor Recommendation Course Changes D D-Plan Deferred Duolingo English Test E Early Decision Early Decision Agreement Eligibility Guidelines Essay Exchange to Transfer Student Policy F Fee Waiver Final Secondary School Report First-Year Trips Forced Commitments G Gap Year H Holistic Admissions I IELTS InitialView Intent to Enroll International Students L Liberal Arts Curriculum Likely Letter M Mailing List Mid-Year Report N Need-Blind New Student Orientation Notice of Nondiscrimination P Peer Recommendation Portfolio Post-Acceptance Review Q QuestBridge R Recommendations Regular Decision S SAT SAT Subject Tests School Profile Secondary School Report Security & Fire Safety Report Special Circumstances Standardized Testing Supplemental Materials T Take Dartmouth Home Teacher Evaluation Teacher Recommendation Testing TOEFL Transcript Transfer Transfer Testing Waiver U Undocumented Students V Veterans Virtual Tour W Wait List Writing Supplement International Students Video of Need-Blind Admissions and International Students Learn More About Universal Need-Blind Admissions Many Cultures, One Community At Dartmouth, a community drawn from around the world is one of our most valuable resources. It's fundamental to the learning experience and a core feature of the campus environment. The members of the undergraduate Class of 2028 hail from 65 countries-one-third of the world's nations-and make up the most geographically expansive class ever to matriculate at the College. "Starting a new chapter in an unfamiliar place will always come with challenges, but Dartmouth truly makes an effort to help every student-international or not-find their place here. From the warm welcome of the International Student Pre-Orientation Program to the countless cultural resources and friendly faces on campus, Dartmouth becomes not just a school, but a home in the woods." - Youmi Ji '28, Shanghai, China and Tokyo, Japan Applying to Dartmouth as an International Student International students' applications to Dartmouth are evaluated in the same manner as all other applications: the Dartmouth Admissions Committee uses a holistic and individualized review process to make sure we appreciate each candidacy in its entirety. As such, our evaluation goes beyond courses, grades, and test scores. We seek to understand each applicant within their home and school environments, which for international students may extend to the national curriculum, availability of extracurriculars, and access to standardized testing . As part of the holistic review, we evaluate school transcripts, test scores, letters of recommendation, essays, and other information our applicants provide about how they invest their time when they are not in school. Dartmouth practices need-blind admissions for all applicants including international students. Applicants are admitted to the College without regard to financial circumstances. This means that applications are reviewed and accepted based solely on a student's qualifications, and not on their ability to pay. Once the Admissions office has selected the students it intends to admit to Dartmouth, the Financial Aid Office determines each student's need, and awards financial aid accordingly. "Given that Dartmouth had given me one of the most comprehensive financial aid packages out of those I received, I knew that an education at Dartmouth was possible regardless of my family's income." - Batuhan Saridede '26, Istanbul, Turkey Explore our most frequently asked questions about the international student admission process: Who is considered an international student by Dartmouth? If I attend a secondary school outside of the United States, do I need to file a different application? What if my country or school has a different curriculum or grading system than the U.S.? I attend school outside of the U.S., do I have to submit the ACT or SAT? If English is not my first language, am I required to submit a language proficiency test? Does Dartmouth accept InitialView interviews? Are recommendations written in languages other than English accepted? If my school doesn't have a counselor, who should I ask to write the recommendation traditionally written by a school counselor? What do I need to know about the supplemental essay response options? How do I submit supplemental materials? Should I apply as a first-year student or as a transfer student? As an international student am I eligible for financial aid? Application and Admissions Resources for International Students International students at Dartmouth enjoy access to a robust and varied group of services, programming, and other opportunities to enrich their experience at the College. Below are some of the resources available. International Student Experience Office The International Student Experience Office is dedicated to fostering a welcoming and engaging environment for our global community. The office provides resources, mentorship, and opportunities for students to thrive academically, socially, and personally. Meet the advising team and learn more about how international students are supported by the International Student Experience Office. Office of Visa and Immigration Services Once admitted, the College's Office of Visa and Immigration Services (OVIS) guides international students throughout the visa application process. Learn more about how OVIS supports international students, scholars, faculty, and staff on campus through immigration sponsorship on their website . Refugee or Displaced Applicants : Dartmouth welcomes applications from refugees or displaced students and understands that they may face additional challenges or have further questions relating to the admissions process. Financial need will never limit access to a Dartmouth education. Dartmouth is need-blind and meets the full financial need of all admitted students. Admissions application fee waivers are available for students who require them. If an education has been disrupted by displacement, crisis, or refugee status, applicants should share as much information as they can with us and explain the circumstances around the disruption or missing information by using the "Additional Information" section of the Common App. If applicants are not able to obtain recommendation letters from teachers and counselors, they should consider asking another advisor, mentor, or person who has come to know them and their situation well. Applicants may c onsider contacting a local or regional EducationUSA office to support their application process if they do not have access to a counselor in their school. Students with questions about their specific situation can email us . Learn More about Dartmouth Related Links: Dartmouth Travel Schedule Contact Us King Scholars Information Ofer Scholars Information Featured on our Blog Apply Connect With Dartmouth Admissions Instagram Facebook YouTube Experience Dartmouth Connect with a Student Areas of Study Admissions Blog Admissions FAQs Explore or Start Your Application Check Your Application Financial Aid Apply for Aid Estimate Your Cost Cost of Attendance My Dartmouth Click to Open Students Faculty Staff Alumni Families Find it Fast Click to Open A-Z Index Campus Map Directory Events News Visit Resources Click to Open Dartmouth at a Glance Accessibility Administrative Offices Emergency Preparedness Careers Sexual Respect & Title IX Copyright © 2026 Trustees of Dartmouth College • Privacy • Policies • Contact • Site or Accessibility Feedback Connect With Us Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube