Skip to main content Admissions Outcomes The Student Experience Financial Aid Degree Finder Academics Undergraduate Arts & Sciences Departments and Programs Research, Scholarship & Creativity Centers & Institutes Geisel School of Medicine Guarini School of Graduate & Advanced Studies Thayer School of Engineering Tuck School of Business Campus Life Events Diversity & Inclusion Athletics & Recreation Student Groups & Activities Residential Life More About News Giving News Media Search Dartmouth College Explore Dartmouth Undergraduate Admissions click to open About Dartmouth Values History & Traditions Campus Commitment to Diversity Alumni & Outcomes Dartmouth's Global Impact Our Town: Hanover, NH Security & Fire Safety Report Academics Areas of Study Scholars Who Teach Academic Resources Languages Majors & Minors Custom Majors Flexible Study Plan Internships Research Study Around the World Life at Dartmouth Student Groups & Activities Athletics & Recreation Housing & Dining Service Sustainability Student Resources Discovering Your Dartmouth Visit Experience Dartmouth Connect with a Student Dartmouth Comes to You College Access Programs Parking & Travel Apply Apply to Dartmouth Testing Policy Universal Need-Blind Policy Admissions FAQ's Admissions Glossary International Students Rural Students Check Your Application Gap Year Class Profile Counselors The Admissions Team Dean Lee Coffin Afford Apply for Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid FAQ's Financial Aid Glossary How Aid Works Message from the Director Types of Financial Aid Follow Admissions Beat Podcast 3D Magazine Admissions Blog Request Information Dartmouth Social Media Publications Video Follow @dartmouthadmissions on Instagram Search form Search Go Click to Open Search Academics Does Dartmouth grant credit for AP, A-Level, IB, or CLEP examinations? Does Dartmouth require specific high school courses? I am interested in multiple majors. How can I study more than one subject at Dartmouth? I have taken college courses. Will those credits be transferable? Is there a minimum grade point average required for admission to Dartmouth? Admitted Students Does Dartmouth require a deposit when an admitted student declares their intent to enroll? How can I connect with other admitted students in my year? How do I enroll at Dartmouth once I have been admitted and have decided to attend? How do I request a Gap Year? I applied to Dartmouth and was accepted! What do I do next? I was accepted to Dartmouth but I can't afford to attend. What can I do? What date do classes start for the fall 2026 term at Dartmouth? When can I expect to receive details about when I should arrive in Hanover, where I will be living, and what academic decisions I will need to make? Where do I find information about financial aid? Where do I find visa information for international students? Which sections of your website are most useful for admitted students to access information about living and learning at Dartmouth? Application Process Can I apply with an application fee waiver? Do I apply as a first-year student or as a transfer student? Do you limit the number of students admitted from a single high school? How can I withdraw my application? How do I apply? How do I get an interview? How do I submit supplemental materials? How will I know my application is complete? I changed high schools; do I need to submit anything from my old school? I made a mistake on my application. Can the Admissions Office make a correction to my submitted Common App? Is Dartmouth "need-blind" or "need-aware" in its admissions process? What does "need-blind" mean? What is a Mid-Year Report? Is it required? When is it due? What is the application deadline? When can I start my application to Dartmouth? When I submitted my application I was not prompted to pay a fee. Now I have received an email saying my application fee is missing. What do I do? When will admissions decisions be released? Early Decision Do I have a better chance of being admitted if I apply early? Does my entire Early Decision application have to be completed by November 1? If I apply under the Early Decision program, can I apply early to other schools? Is there a limit to how many students Dartmouth admits in Early Decision? May I reapply in Regular Decision if I was denied in Early Decision? What is the earliest date that I can start my application? What percentage of students deferred in Early Decision are admitted? Gap Years Can I take a Gap Year before starting at Dartmouth? If I take a Gap Year, what happens to my financial aid offer? Home School Applications As a home school student, whom should I ask to write my recommendations? How can a home school student demonstrate language proficiency? What materials do I submit if I am home schooled? International Applications Are recommendations written in languages other than English accepted? Does Dartmouth accept Initialview interviews? I attend school outside of the U.S., do I have to submit the ACT or SAT? If English is not my first language, am I required to submit a language proficiency test? If I attend a secondary school outside of the United States, do I need to file a different application? If my school doesn't have a counselor, who should I ask to write the recommendation traditionally written by a school counselor? In my country, high school is three years long. Should I just send my high school report or is necessary to send my report from the last year of middle school to totalize four years? What if my country or school has a different curriculum or grading system than the U.S.? Who is considered an international student by Dartmouth? Life at Dartmouth How do new students find community at Dartmouth? I want to learn more about living at Dartmouth. Where can I find more information? What are fraternities and sororities like at Dartmouth? What are the students like at Dartmouth? What is Dartmouth like in the winter? What opportunities exist at Dartmouth to support exploring the outdoors? Where do Dartmouth students live? Peer Recommendation How does my peer submit their recommendation? Is there a good way to choose who should write my peer recommendation? My peer recommender is also applying to Dartmouth. Will that be a problem? What if my peer recommender does not speak English as their first language. Will you judge my application based on their writing? QuestBridge What standardized tests are required for QuestBridge applicants? Are interviews required for QuestBridge Finalists? Are my chances of getting into Dartmouth different depending on how I apply? Can I connect with current Dartmouth QuestBridge Scholars? How do students become QuestBridge Finalists? I am not a U.S. citizen. Can I apply to Dartmouth via the QuestBridge National College Match? If I am a Finalist but did not rank Dartmouth, may I still apply to Dartmouth with my QuestBridge Application? If I am named a QuestBridge Finalist, may I apply to Dartmouth through the binding Early Decision process? If I am not named a QuestBridge Finalist, may I still apply to Dartmouth? If I am selected as a QuestBridge Finalist, am I required to apply to Dartmouth using the QuestBridge Application? If I rank Dartmouth but don't match with Dartmouth what happens next? If I rank Dartmouth in the National College Match, what else is required to complete my application for admission? If I rank Dartmouth in the National College Match, what else is required to complete my application for financial aid? If I share my QuestBridge Application with Dartmouth, do I need to submit additional essays, recommendations, or transcripts? If I share my QuestBridge Application with Dartmouth, should I also submit the Common App? If I share my QuestBridge Application with Dartmouth, should I also submit the Dartmouth writing supplement or peer recommendation? Who do I contact if I have questions about Dartmouth or QuestBridge? Will my financial aid offer be different if I am admitted through Early or Regular Decision and not the Match? Testing Are standardized test scores required? Can I use Score Choice for the SAT? Can I/How do I submit self-reported scores? Do I need to send in AP Exam scores with my application? I have attended multiple high schools, both in and outside of the United States. How does that impact my required testing? If I take the ACT multiple times, which results does Dartmouth consider? If I take the SAT multiple times, which results does Dartmouth consider? Is there minimum test score on the SAT or ACT required for admission to Dartmouth? SAT Subject Tests, are they required? Should I take AP or IB tests related to my academic interest or intended major? The ACT Science Section-is it required? The ACT Writing Section-is it required? When is the latest I can take the SAT or ACT? Tips and Advice Do admissions officers check my Facebook profile or social media posts? Does it improve my chances if I demonstrate interest by visiting, calling, emailing, attending college fairs, or taking part in web events? How do I impress Dartmouth with my essays? How do you evaluate music/art supplements? I graduated from high school ten years ago. Can I still apply? Should I attend a local info session if I already attended one on campus? Should I send Dartmouth my athletic "highlights" video? Should I submit extra recommendations with my application? Should I submit my IB extended essay or another research paper with my application? What does Dartmouth look for in an applicant? What should I write my essays about? The Dartmouth Plan For international students, how do US visa laws affect the D-plan? How does the D-Plan work for varsity athletes? Can athletes also study abroad? I've heard that Dartmouth students go to school during the summer. Is that true? Transfer Applications Can transfer applicants submit art supplements? Do I apply as a first-year student or as a transfer student? Does Dartmouth accept spring transfer students? Does Dartmouth interview transfer applicants? How do I apply as a transfer applicant? How many new transfer students enroll at Dartmouth each year? I am a transfer applicant. Do I need to submit a mid-term report? Is it better to apply as an entering sophomore or as a junior? Does Dartmouth have a transfer preference? Is testing a required part of the transfer application? Is there a minimum college grade point average (GPA) required for transfer admission? Wait List I've been offered a place on the wait list. What should I do? How do I remove my name from the wait list? I'm on the wait list; how long until I hear something? I'm on the wait list; should I submit additional information? I'm on the wait list; should I visit campus to meet with an admissions officer? What are my chances of being admitted from the wait list? What percentage of applicants are offered a place on the wait list? What is the application deadline? Application Process The Early Decision deadline is November 1. The Regular Decision deadline is January 1. Start here to see important dates and deadlines, and to find links to the forms you need to complete. Apply Connect With Dartmouth Admissions Instagram Facebook YouTube Experience Dartmouth Connect with a Student Areas of Study Admissions Blog Admissions FAQs Explore or Start Your Application Check Your Application Financial Aid Apply for Aid Estimate Your Cost Cost of Attendance My Dartmouth Click to Open Students Faculty Staff Alumni Families Find it Fast Click to Open A-Z Index Campus Map Directory Events News Visit Resources Click to Open Dartmouth at a Glance Accessibility Administrative Offices Emergency Preparedness Careers Sexual Respect & Title IX Copyright © 2026 Trustees of Dartmouth College • Privacy • Policies • Contact • Site or Accessibility Feedback Connect With Us Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube