Skip to main content Admissions Outcomes The Student Experience Financial Aid Degree Finder Academics Undergraduate Arts & Sciences Departments and Programs Research, Scholarship & Creativity Centers & Institutes Geisel School of Medicine Guarini School of Graduate & Advanced Studies Thayer School of Engineering Tuck School of Business Campus Life Events Diversity & Inclusion Athletics & Recreation Student Groups & Activities Residential Life More About News Giving News Media Search Dartmouth College Explore Dartmouth Undergraduate Admissions click to open About Dartmouth Values History & Traditions Campus Commitment to Diversity Alumni & Outcomes Dartmouth's Global Impact Our Town: Hanover, NH Security & Fire Safety Report Academics Areas of Study Scholars Who Teach Academic Resources Languages Majors & Minors Custom Majors Flexible Study Plan Internships Research Study Around the World Life at Dartmouth Student Groups & Activities Athletics & Recreation Housing & Dining Service Sustainability Student Resources Discovering Your Dartmouth Visit Experience Dartmouth Connect with a Student Dartmouth Comes to You College Access Programs Parking & Travel Apply Apply to Dartmouth Testing Policy Universal Need-Blind Policy Admissions FAQ's Admissions Glossary International Students Rural Students Check Your Application Gap Year Class Profile Counselors The Admissions Team Dean Lee Coffin Afford Apply for Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid FAQ's Financial Aid Glossary How Aid Works Message from the Director Types of Financial Aid Follow Admissions Beat Podcast 3D Magazine Admissions Blog Request Information Dartmouth Social Media Publications Video Follow @dartmouthadmissions on Instagram Search form Search Go Click to Open Search Early Decision and Financial Aid Does applying Early Decision affect Financial Aid? I was admitted Early Decision but cannot enroll due to financial reasons. Can I be released from the binding contract? I was admitted Early Decision, what if I have questions about my financial aid? What happens if the financial aid offer doesn't seem as though it will work for my family? What if I have been selected for Federal Verification? When will I know what my financial aid offer looks like? General Financial Aid Am I expected to borrow student loans? Can I receive financial aid when I'm living on campus and not taking classes? Does Dartmouth help fund unpaid internships or research? How do I apply for financial aid? How much am I expected to contribute as the student? I will enroll in the fall. Do I need to do anything over the summer? Is my scholarship considered taxable income? Is there an easy way to estimate how much it will cost my family for me to attend Dartmouth? What can I do if I'm not happy with my financial aid offer? What if my parents are divorced or separated? What is the Expected Family Contribution (EFC)? What is the Federal Work-Study Program and how does Dartmouth help students to find employment to make up this part of their financial aid package? What's the ratio between scholarship and loan? When is the financial aid deadline? Will I lose some financial aid if I receive an outside resource? Will my aid change after the first year? Will my financial aid cover study abroad? Will my financial need be part of the admissions decision made by the college? Will my financial need, at least as defined by the College, be fully met? International Applications As an international student am I eligible for financial aid? What if I'm an international student who can't afford the CSS Profile application fee? Will my financial need be part of the admissions decision made by the College if I am not a U.S. citizen? Study Abroad and Financial Aid How do I pay for a Dartmouth off-campus program? How do I pay for official exchange programs? How do I pay for transfer terms? Tax Returns What documents do I need to submit for parental tax returns? When is the financial aid deadline? General Financial Aid The deadlines for financial aid are November 1 for Early Decision applicants, February 1 for Regular Decision applicants, and March 1 for Transfer applicants. Apply Connect With Dartmouth Admissions Instagram Facebook YouTube Experience Dartmouth Connect with a Student Areas of Study Admissions Blog Admissions FAQs Explore or Start Your Application Check Your Application Financial Aid Apply for Aid Estimate Your Cost Cost of Attendance My Dartmouth Click to Open Students Faculty Staff Alumni Families Find it Fast Click to Open A-Z Index Campus Map Directory Events News Visit Resources Click to Open Dartmouth at a Glance Accessibility Administrative Offices Emergency Preparedness Careers Sexual Respect & Title IX Copyright © 2026 Trustees of Dartmouth College • Privacy • Policies • Contact • Site or Accessibility Feedback Connect With Us Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube