Skip to content ↓ Please note: The MIT Welcome Center and Admissions Office will be closed on Monday, September 7, in observance of Labor Day. Menu ↓ Open Search Discover About MIT The MIT education Life & culture Learn more Apply Understanding the process Preparing for MIT First-year applicants Transfer applicants Parents & educators Afford Estimate your cost Cost & affordability How to apply for aid Student Financial Services Visit Explore MIT on your own Online info sessions Schedule your campus visit MIT visits you Request a group tour Maps, directions, parking Help FAQs Contact us Blogs Meet the bloggers Latest blogs Featured blogs Open Search Form Search Pages, Blogs, and FAQs for Submit Search Home Apply First-year applicants First-year applicants: Tests & scores Testing requirement We require the SAT or the ACT 01 You can read more about why we require them <a href="https://mitadmissions.org/blogs/entry/we-are-reinstating-our-sat-act-requirement-for-future-admissions-cycles/">here</a>. for both prospective first-year and transfer students. We do not require the ACT writing or science sections or the SAT optional essay. We accept both the paper and digital SAT. While MIT does not require the ACT writing section or SAT optional essay, MIT does value writing and communication highly . We believe that students in any field should learn to write prose that is clear, organized, and eloquent, and to convincingly present facts, data, and ideas. As such, all MIT undergraduates must fulfill a communication requirement that integrates instruction and practice in writing and speaking into all four years and across all parts of MIT's undergraduate program. Resources for free test preparation Khan Academy , 02 Khan Academy is now recognized by the College Board as their official test preparation source, fully integrated with their suite of assessments. offers personalized-and free-SAT test prep. Founded by MIT alum Sal Khan, Khan Academy offers world-class instruction to anyone , online, for free. Their personalized practice recommendations will help you build your own practice plan, let you take practice tests, and give you tips for taking the test. They also offer AP prep, should you be considering AP exams. ACT also offers free test preparation guides and practice exams. schoolhouse.world is a free peer tutoring platform that offers SAT tutoring and SAT prep classes online. They also offer live, one-on-one support from tutors who are certified to help in math-from pre-algebra to calculus-all at no cost. For non-native English speakers For non-native English speakers, we strongly recommend providing the results of an English proficiency exam if you have been using English for fewer than five years or do not speak English at home or in school, so that we may consider that information alongside the rest of your application. We accept the following English proficiency exams: Cambridge English Qualifications ( C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency ) Duolingo English Test (DET) International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) Competitive scores We do not have cutoff or recommended scores for the ACT or SAT as scores are evaluated within an applicant's context. To view test score statistics from the most recent admissions year, visit our admissions statistics page . We do have minimum and recommended scores for our English language tests. These minimums are in place to ensure your level of English proficiency. Because English is the language of instruction at MIT, all students must show that they will thrive in our community. TOEFL (Taken before 1/21/26) Minimum: 90 Recommended: 100 TOEFL (Taken on or after 1/21/26) 03 Effective January 21, 2026, TOEFL will adopt a 1-6 score scale (in 0.5 increments) to better align with global standards and simplify score interpretation. Visit the <a href="https://www.ets.org/toefl/test-takers/ibt/scores/understand-scores.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener">TOEFL Scores page</a> for more information. Minimum: 5 Recommended: 5.5 IELTS Minimum: 7 Recommended: 7.5 Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic Minimum: 65 Recommended: 70 Cambridge English Qualifications (C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency) Minimum: 185 Recommended: 190 Duolingo English Test (DET) Minimum: 120 Recommended: 125 Superscore If you take the same test multiple times, we primarily consider the highest score achieved in each section. We do this in order to consider all applicants in their best light, and we presume that you will give your full effort in each sitting of the exam. If there is a major discrepancy between the highest score and a previous or subsequent sitting, it may be considered in our holistic review of your academic preparedness for MIT. You should report official full sittings (including future sittings) of the SAT, ACT, or English proficiency exams on the application. For each examination, required subscores are indicated with an asterisk. You should not list practice scores or enter a self-calculated superscore as a single sitting. You should self-report scores from all exams taken, and MIT will consider the superscore in our review process. Self-reported scores We do not require applicants to officially send their SAT, ACT, or English proficiency test scores as part of their application. Instead, you will self-report your scores on the application, and we'll verify these scores upon enrollment. There will be an opportunity to update us with any test results that become available after your application is submitted. Testing deadlines In order to apply for first-year admission, you must take the required tests before November 30 for Early Action, and before December 31 for Regular Action. We will also accept English language proficiency test scores for RA applicants through the January test dates. Note: new test scores can be added to your record through the application portal even after submitting your application. Please be sure to still submit your main application by the application deadlines and update test scores received afterward as needed. Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, and other standardized exams Students should self-report scores for standardized exams they have taken or plan to take, such as Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, A-level, Baccalauréat, etc., on the Test scores section of the application. We do not require applicants to officially send scores as part of their application, and instead have a verification process upon enrollment. You can read more about why we require them here . back to text ↑ Khan Academy is now recognized by the College Board as their official test preparation source, fully integrated with their suite of assessments. back to text ↑ Effective January 21, 2026, TOEFL will adopt a 1-6 score scale (in 0.5 increments) to better align with global standards and simplify score interpretation. Visit the TOEFL Scores page for more information. back to text ↑ More in First-year applicants First-year eligibility Deadlines & requirements Early vs Regular QuestBridge International applicants DACA & undocumented applicants Biographical & personal information Essays, activities & academics Transcripts Letters of recommendation Tests & scores Interview Creative portfolios February Updates & Notes Form MIT Admissions At MIT Admissions, we recruit and enroll a talented and diverse class of undergraduates who will learn to use science, technology, and other areas of scholarship to serve the nation and the world in the 21st century. Discover About MIT The MIT education Life & culture Learn more Apply Understanding the process Preparing for MIT First-year applicants Transfer applicants Parents & educators Afford Estimate your cost Cost & affordability How to apply for aid Student Financial Services Visit Explore MIT on your own Online info sessions Schedule your campus visit MIT visits you Request a group tour Maps, directions, parking Help FAQs Contact us Blogs Meet the bloggers Latest blogs Featured blogs MIT Admissions, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, Room E38-200, Cambridge, MA 02139 · Tel: 617.253.3400 About Accessibility Policies Jobs En Español Instagram