Skip to content ↓ Please note: The MIT Welcome Center and Admissions Office will be closed on Monday, September 7, in observance of Labor Day. Menu ↓ Open Search Discover About MIT The MIT education Life & culture Learn more Apply Understanding the process Preparing for MIT First-year applicants Transfer applicants Parents & educators Afford Estimate your cost Cost & affordability How to apply for aid Student Financial Services Visit Explore MIT on your own Online info sessions Schedule your campus visit MIT visits you Request a group tour Maps, directions, parking Help FAQs Contact us Blogs Meet the bloggers Latest blogs Featured blogs Open Search Form Search Pages, Blogs, and FAQs for Submit Search Home Afford Making MIT affordable At MIT, we are committed to helping you pay for your education and providing aid that meets 100% of your demonstrated financial need. Our goal is to admit and enroll the best students from around the world regardless of their financial circumstances, and make sure they can afford an MIT education while they're here. Affordability + MIT 🌟 $0 Parental contribution for families whose total income is less than $100,000 with typical assets. 🌟 Full tuition paid for students whose families make less than $200,000 with typical assets. 🌟 88% of the Class of 2026 graduated from MIT debt-free. Estimate your cost Most prospective undergraduates can get an estimate of their financial aid with one of two useful tools. Cost and affordability Learn more about how much MIT costs (less than you think), how money affects admissions (it doesn't), and how you can get help paying for your education. How to apply for aid Read up on what you need to submit before we can review your financial aid award. Student Financial Services If you have more questions about money, visit our friends at Student Financial Services and learn more about financial aid, budgeting advice, and finding a job. Related blogs Gallivanting with Gilles or, how I learned to stop worrying and love the MIT Mailing Lists. by Chris Peterson SM '13 August 4, 2010 7 comments Crafts for Ukraine~ Among other fundraising projects by ana~ March 11, 2022 The Search Continues On the internship search and deciding what I want to do with my life. by Bryan November 15, 2005 1 comment Learning to Spend Better This not a budgeting post. by Caroline M. '18 June 18, 2018 To stay at MIT over the summer, or to not stay at MIT over the summer…that is the question With so many summer employment options, what's the best choice? by Melis A. '08 July 17, 2006 2 comments Gee, my life's a funny thing Remembering the bills I have to pay, or even yesterday. by Sam M. '07 August 21, 2006 5 comments More posts tagged How to Money MIT Admissions At MIT Admissions, we recruit and enroll a talented and diverse class of undergraduates who will learn to use science, technology, and other areas of scholarship to serve the nation and the world in the 21st century. Discover About MIT The MIT education Life & culture Learn more Apply Understanding the process Preparing for MIT First-year applicants Transfer applicants Parents & educators Afford Estimate your cost Cost & affordability How to apply for aid Student Financial Services Visit Explore MIT on your own Online info sessions Schedule your campus visit MIT visits you Request a group tour Maps, directions, parking Help FAQs Contact us Blogs Meet the bloggers Latest blogs Featured blogs MIT Admissions, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, Room E38-200, Cambridge, MA 02139 · Tel: 617.253.3400 About Accessibility Policies Jobs En Español Instagram