RU EN CN Toggle navigation Students Staff +11.8°С Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Students Staff Admission Programs Admission procedure New students Academic calendar Apply Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education Siberian Summer School Research Divisions Conferences Strategic academic units NSU Journals Mathematical Center Climate center Validation verification greenhouse gases News & Events News Events Life Campus Sport Inclusive education Main annual events Societies & Clubs NSU life: video channel Places to visit Facilities About nsu Rankings Structure Governance Why NSU? Did you know? Location History How to reach Maps NSU Project Archives Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Admission Admission Programs Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Master's degree programs taught in English Master's degree programs taught in Russian PhD programs taught in English PhD programs taught in Russian Specialist degree program taught in English - Medicine Specialist degree program taught in Russian - Medicine Residency training taught in English Residency training taught in Russian International double degree master's programs Sino-Russian Institute Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Preparatory courses - Medicine Exchange programs Internships Russian language courses Preparatory courses Siberian summer school Russian language summer school Admission procedure New students Accommodation Living costs Climate in Novosibirsk Student and campus cards Visas Migration registration Telephone and Internet Healthcare, medical insurance Emergency phone numbers Contacts Questionnaire for international students Academic calendar Apply Apply from different countries Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education MOOCs: the new educational technology MOOC analytics Siberian Summer School World Class Classical Education NSU provides a modern, internationally competitive, classical fundamental education. We pay special attention to the comprehensive development of each student's. Education at NSU will teach you how to think more broadly, to find creative solutions, and to achieve success in any field. Together with lectures and seminars, our education includes fieldwork: all students spend part of their summer doing practical work in the field starting in their first years of study. NSU is a national research university, and is closely linked to science. 80% of NSU teachers are active researchers affiliated with the Russian Academy of Science. Therefore, students get access to first-hand scientific knowledge, and have a chance to practice their skills in 143 scientific laboratories based at the University and 37 institutes of the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences. All levels of education Education at Novosibirsk State University Inclusive education NSU provides equal access to its education to all its students, including the those with serious health limitations: wheelchair users, visually impaired students, students severe forms of common diseases (infantile cerebral paralysis, etc). We value every student, and we are convinced that every person deserves equal opportunities, including the opportunity to study together with the large community of fellow students. Read more Open university NSU has partnership agreements with 155 universities from 29 countries, and 40 joint international educational programs, including 28 "double-diploma" / double degree programs with universities in France, China, and CIS countries. News: admission Events: admission All news 30.06.2026 NSU Wins "TOP-IT START" National Competition The Ministry of Digital Development and the Russian Federation Analytical Center announced the results of their second "TOP-IT" Project Competition for training top IT specialists. Education IT 26.06.2026 NSU Rises to 6th in Russian University Rankings for Graduate IT Salaries The SuperJob portal and the Roscosmos State Corporation have published their latest ranking of Russian universities based on salaries for IT specialists who graduated between 2020 and 2025. Ranking 26.06.2026 NSU Maintains Top-5 Position in Interfax Ranking The Interfax Group published their 17th annual National University Ranking (NUR) for 2026. Ranking All Events 16 November 2025 23:59 Registration for the OpenDoors Russian Scholarship Project has begun Take your chance to study for free and work in Russia! Registration is open from September 1 to November 16, 2025. 14 September 2025 23:59 The All-Russian Competition for International Students "СтудRussia" The All-Russian Competition for International Students "СтудRussia" has started! Until September 14 - application submission on the website. 12 September 2022 10:00 Apply for the III Comprehensive Medical Olympiad in Pathology «Prognosis Optima!» - 2022 For students of medical and related specialties. In English. Application is available until September, 12. The Olympiad will be held online on November, 4. 01 September 2022 10:00 Case Club NSU sets up projects for foreign students For students who are interested in case solving and want to know more about modern market. You'll have an opportunity to develop hard and soft skills and take part in a case championship provided by a well-known company. Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved Support: nsu@nsu.ru Campus Sitemap Follow us Developed by Bitrixoid Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru Support: nsu@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved To report an error on the site, highlight the text with the error and click CTRL+ENTER Text error found Send