RU EN CN Toggle navigation Students Staff +11.8°С Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Students Staff Admission Programs Admission procedure New students Academic calendar Apply Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education Siberian Summer School Research Divisions Conferences Strategic academic units NSU Journals Mathematical Center Climate center Validation verification greenhouse gases News & Events News Events Life Campus Sport Inclusive education Main annual events Societies & Clubs NSU life: video channel Places to visit Facilities About nsu Rankings Structure Governance Why NSU? Did you know? Location History How to reach Maps NSU Project Archives Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Admission Admission procedure Admission procedure Programs Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Master's degree programs taught in English Master's degree programs taught in Russian PhD programs taught in English PhD programs taught in Russian Specialist degree program taught in English - Medicine Specialist degree program taught in Russian - Medicine Residency training taught in English Residency training taught in Russian International double degree master's programs Sino-Russian Institute Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Preparatory courses - Medicine Exchange programs Internships Russian language courses Preparatory courses Siberian summer school Russian language summer school Admission procedure New students Accommodation Living costs Climate in Novosibirsk Student and campus cards Visas Migration registration Telephone and Internet Healthcare, medical insurance Emergency phone numbers Contacts Questionnaire for international students Academic calendar Apply Apply from different countries Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education MOOCs: the new educational technology MOOC analytics Siberian Summer School Apply Ask a question Ask a question Send Before arrival Open STEP 1 SUBMITTING DOCUMENTS Please pay attention to the deadlines of each program for submitting your documents. After you have filled out the application form, a selection committee will examine your application within 2 weeks. If you are accepted for enrollment at NSU, you have to get your education documents legalized. STEP 2 LEGALIZATION OF THE DOCUMENTS 1. All international students coming to Russia for studies have to legalize their education documents For member countries of the Hague Convention : have an apostille affixed to your education document (Ministry of Education at the country issuing the education document from the country of graduation) For other countries: The copy of your education document must be stamped by two organizations (Ministry of Foreign Affairs at your country of graduation and the Consulate/Embassy of the Russian Federation in your country) 2. Documents issued in member countries of the multilateral or bilateral agreements, which abolish the requirement of legalization of documents, are accepted without legalization. List of countries: Albania (Republic of Albania); Algeria (People's Democratic Republic of Algeria); Argentina (Argentine Republic); Armenia (Republic of Armenia); Azerbaijan (Azerbaijan Republic); Belarus (Republic of Belarus); Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria (Republic of Bulgaria); China (People's Republic of China); Croatia (Republic of Croatia); Cuba (Republic of Cuba); Cyprus (Republic of Cyprus); Czech Republic; Egypt (Arab Republic of Egypt); Estonia (Republic of Estonia); Finland (Republic of Finland); Georgia; Greece (Hellenic Republic); Hungary; India (Republic of India); Iran (Islamic Republic of Iran); Iraq (Republic of Iraq); Italy (Italian Republic); Kazakhstan (Republic of Kazakhstan); Korea, North (Democratic People's Republic of Korea); Kyrgyzstan (Kyrgyz Republic); Latvia (Republic of Latvia); Lithuania (Republic of Lithuania); Macedonia (Republic of Macedonia); Moldova (Republic of Moldova); Mongolia; Montenegro; Poland (Republic of Poland); Romania (Romanian People's Republic); Russia (Russian Federation); Serbia (Republic of Serbia); Slovakia (Slovak Republic); Slovenia (Republic of Slovenia); Spain (Kingdom of Spain); Tajikistan (Republic of Tajikistan); Tunisia (Tunisian Republic); Turkmenistan; Vietnam (Socialist Republic of Vietnam); Ukraine; Uzbekistan (Republic of Uzbekistan); Yemen, South (People's Democratic Republic of Yemen). 3. Legalized education documents have to be translated into Russian and notarized. Copies of your legalized documents have to be sent to the International Student Recruitment Office at NSU: foreign@lab.nsu.ru , interstudy@nsu.ru Note! The legalization procedure of your documents may take a long time (up to one month). Please, take care of this issue in advance. You can get information about the terms at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and at the Consulate/Embassy of the Russian Federation. STEP 3 INVITATION After receipt of the copies of your legalized documents, the International Student Recruitment Office will start the procedure for issuing a visa invitation. List of required information for issuing the invitation : 1. Scan of the international passport pages with your photo and passport validity Important! Your passport should be valid for 1.5 years before you enter the Russian Federation. 2. Place of permanent residence (country, city) 3. Place where you are you going to apply for a Russian visa (country, city of the Russian Consulate/Embassy) 4. Place of work/study: name, address Important! The procedure for issuing the visa invitation takes one month. The University will only send the invitation after receipt of the copies of your legalized education documents At this stage, you will get: a study contract (you can get more information about the tuition fees here ) a contract for the registration fee (covers issuing the visa invitation, migration registration and visa renewal after your arrival to Russia). This will start the procedure of issuing a visa invitation. You have to pay the tuition fee before arrival at the University (payment schedule is specified in your study contract). The contract for the registration fee has to be paid in rubles after your arrival at the University Casher's Office. Cost: 130 dollars. At this stage, you can contact the International Student Recruitment Office for more information about x accommodations. STEP 4 APPLYING FOR A RUSSIAN VISA There are two ways the University can send you a visa invitation: An electronic invitation is automatically sent by Novosibirsk Migration Services to the Russian Consulate in your country, whose address you have to specify when submitting your documents. The University also sends you the electronic invitation via email. To apply for a visa you should provide the Consulate/Embassy with the printed version of it. We kindly recommend you use this form of invitation. This is the easiest way to apply for a Russian visa, but it only works when you know for sure the city in your country where you will apply for the visa. A paper invitation . NSU sends a paper invitation to your home address by Express-post. Once you have received the invitation, you should provide it to the Russian Consulate/Embassy in your country to apply for the visa. In some countries you only need to provide a copy of the visa invitation (please, contact the Consulate/Embassy for more information). Important! For EU countries the invitation processing time can be shortened. STEP 5 ARRIVAL 10 days before arrival you need to send the exact date and point of entry to International Student Support Center email intersupport@nsu.ru . You have to do a PCR COVID-19 test no earlier than 3 days before crossing the border and no later than 3 days after crossing the Russian border. If you need to be provided with a room in the dormitory to stay during the period of waiting for the COVID-19 test results, please make sure to attach the scan/photo of a signed application form for such a room. After doing it, wait for the reply with the details After arrival Open STEP 1 GETTING TO THE UNIVERSITY If you order a transfer to the University, our driver will meet you at the airport (at the exit of the Baggage claim area) or at the train station (at the exit of your wagon) and take you to the dormitory. If you decide to get to the University on your own, please watch the video so you don't get lost STEP 2 ON CAMPUS Please visit International Student Support Center (office 3268) to get help with dormitory check-in , getting campus card arranging medical insurance . STEP 3 MIGRATION REGISTRATION Within 3 working days upon arrival at NSU, you must provide the International Relations Office with your documents for migration registration . STEP 4 RECOGNITION PROCEDURE OF FOREIGN EDUCATION AND (OR) QUALIFICATION To be admitted to an educational program in the Russian Federation, foreign applicant must provide recognized international academic credentials. Foreign applicants can either submit their Recognition of foreign educational certificate issued by the Federal Service for Supervision in Education and Science (Rosobrnadzor) on the basis of the examination conducted by Russia's National Information Center . Or they can apply for Recognition Procedure at NSU*. Please contact the International Relations Office of NSU within the first month after your enrollment and submit the following documents to the office № 2324, a.merenkova@nsu.ru : 1) application (The application form is available in Russian, English and Chinese. Download the application form, fill it in, print out and put your signature); 2) educational documents including academic transcript (Make sure that your diplomas and transcripts are legalized prior to your arrival, see Step 2); 3) notarized translation of each educational document (including academic transcript) into Russian; 4) notarized translation of the international passport . *According The Federal Law № 273-FZ "On Education in the Russian Federation" came into force September, 1, 2013 there is a range of higher educational institutions which got a legal power to carry out the recognition procedure by themselves in order to take students and employees for study and work in these higher educational institutions. Application_form_chinese.pdf Download Application_form_english.pdf Download Application_form_russian.pdf Download Contacts Office 2324, 2nd floor, Pirogova 1 Person in charge: Alla Merenkova Tel .:+7 (383) 363 42 92 E-mail: a.merenkova@nsu.ru Admission procedure for Russian Government Scholarship Open Every year foreign students have an opportunity to apply for the Russian Government Scholarship which covers full tuition and monthly living allowance. Travel costs, living expenses and health insurance policy are not included. The Scholarship is granted on a competitive basis. Selection criteria and procedure as well as the number of scholarships depend on the applicant's country of origin. Application procedure starts in January. Deadline depends on the country of applicant (March-June). To apply for the Scholarship: STEP 1 REGISTER ON THE WEBSITE RUSSIA.STUDY Register on the website russia.study , complete your application and mark Novosibirsk National Research State University as your first choice. If you need to specify a training program code, please contact International Student Recruitment Office by interstudy@nsu.ru . STEP 2 CONTACT ROSSOTRUDNICHESTVO REPRESENTATION IN YOUR COUNTRY Contact the Rossotrudnichestvo representative or the Russian Embassy in your country to clarify the admission procedure. STEP 3 SUBMIT DOCUMENTS IN ELECTRONIC FORM Provide the Rossotrudnichestvo representative or the Russian Embassy in your country with the following documents and upload them on the website Russia.study : 1. Completed and signed application form with colored photo attached; 2. Copy of your travelling passport (the first page with photo); 3. Education documents (diploma and transcripts); 4. Medical certificate of overall good health and results of HIV/AIDS test (the period of validity of certificates is 3 months); 5. Any other documents, such as recommendation letters, certificates of international exams, certificates of language skills. Note! All the documents have to be translated into Russian and notarized . Very important! You have to submit the mentioned above documents (both original and translated copies, except for the application form) to the Admission Office of NSU (room 2417) right after your arrival . If your candidacy is accepted by Rossotrudnichestvo, your application will be sent to Novosibirsk National Research State University for approval. For more detailed information kindly contact the Rossotrudnichestvo representative or the Russian Embassy in your country. Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved Support: nsu@nsu.ru Campus Sitemap Follow us Developed by Bitrixoid Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru Support: nsu@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved To report an error on the site, highlight the text with the error and click CTRL+ENTER Text error found Send