RU EN CN Toggle navigation Students Staff +11.8°С Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Students Staff Admission Programs Admission procedure New students Academic calendar Apply Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education Siberian Summer School Research Divisions Conferences Strategic academic units NSU Journals Mathematical Center Climate center Validation verification greenhouse gases News & Events News Events Life Campus Sport Inclusive education Main annual events Societies & Clubs NSU life: video channel Places to visit Facilities About nsu Rankings Structure Governance Why NSU? Did you know? Location History How to reach Maps NSU Project Archives Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Admission Grants/Scholarships Grants/Scholarships Programs Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Master's degree programs taught in English Master's degree programs taught in Russian PhD programs taught in English PhD programs taught in Russian Specialist degree program taught in English - Medicine Specialist degree program taught in Russian - Medicine Residency training taught in English Residency training taught in Russian International double degree master's programs Sino-Russian Institute Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Preparatory courses - Medicine Exchange programs Internships Russian language courses Preparatory courses Siberian summer school Russian language summer school Admission procedure New students Accommodation Living costs Climate in Novosibirsk Student and campus cards Visas Migration registration Telephone and Internet Healthcare, medical insurance Emergency phone numbers Contacts Questionnaire for international students Academic calendar Apply Apply from different countries Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education MOOCs: the new educational technology MOOC analytics Siberian Summer School There are a number of opportunities available for getting a scholarship to study at Novosibirsk State University: 1 Russian Government Scholarship Every year foreign students have an opportunity to apply for the Russian Government Scholarship which covers full tuition and a monthly allowance. Travel costs, living expenses and health insurance policy are not included. The Scholarships are granted on a competitive basis. Selection criteria and procedure as well as the number of scholarships depend on the country of applicant. The application procedure starts in January. Deadline depends on the country of applicant (March-June). To apply for the Scholarship: Register on the website Education in Russia , complete your application and mark Novosibirsk National Research State University as your first choice. If you need to specify a training program code, please contact the International Student Recruitment Office by interstudy@nsu.ru Contact the Rossotrudnichestvo representation or the Russian Embassy in your country to clarify the admission procedure. Provide the Rossotrudnichestvo representation or the Russian Embassy in your country with the following documents and upload them on the website Education in Russia : Filled out in and signed application form with colored photo attached; Copy of your travelling passport (the first page with photo); Education documents (diploma and transcripts); Medical certificate of overall good health and results of HIV/AIDS tests (the period of validity of certificates is 3 months); Any other documents, such as recommendation letters, certificates of international exams, certificates of language skills. All documents must be translated into Russian and notarized. Contacts International Student Recruitment Office of Novosibirsk State University E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Tel. +7 (383) 363-42-92 2 Programs offered by Partner Universities If you are a student at one of the following universities , you have an opportunity to attend NSU free of charge. There are a number of international programs available to you. 3 In several countries there are programs of higher education that offer scholarships, such as For students and scientists from Germany German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) DAAD provides support for German students to study and do research at universities and research centers abroad. For students and scientists from the USA The Fulbright Program Please, remember that your University's International Department can provide you with the necessary information about available scholarships and grants in your country and region to study abroad. You can contact the International Student Recruitment Office of NSU for more detailed information about grants and scholarships at Novosibirsk State University. 4 Participate in the "Open Doors" Russian Scholarship Project Novosibirsk State University invites undergraduate students to participate in the "Open Doors" Russian Scholarship Project held by Association "Global Universities" and win a full scholarship to study Master's program at one of the leading Russian universities. NSU is the coordinator of the Olympiads for "Biology and biotechnology" and "Earth sciences". Three steps to enrollment: Starting from September 5, 2022 follow the website and register as a participant. Until December 10, 2022 upload your portfolio on the website. From 12 to 12 December 2022 (depending on the chosen profile) select a profile and solve the contest tasks. Announcement of the winners and prize-winners in the Master's track will be on February, 10. Results in the in the doctoral track (analogous to PhD) will be published on March, 14. For more information about the "Open Doors" Russian Scholarship Project, available training directions, key dates and application process please follow http://events.nsu.ru/open_doors/en/ . In case of any further questions about participation in the Project, please contact interstudy@nsu.ru Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved Support: nsu@nsu.ru Campus Sitemap Follow us Developed by Bitrixoid Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru Support: nsu@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved To report an error on the site, highlight the text with the error and click CTRL+ENTER Text error found Send