RU EN CN Toggle navigation Students Staff +11.8°С Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Students Staff Admission Programs Admission procedure New students Academic calendar Apply Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education Siberian Summer School Research Divisions Conferences Strategic academic units NSU Journals Mathematical Center Climate center Validation verification greenhouse gases News & Events News Events Life Campus Sport Inclusive education Main annual events Societies & Clubs NSU life: video channel Places to visit Facilities About nsu Rankings Structure Governance Why NSU? Did you know? Location History How to reach Maps NSU Project Archives Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Admission Programs General Medicine - in English General Medicine - in English Programs Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Master's degree programs taught in English Master's degree programs taught in Russian PhD programs taught in English PhD programs taught in Russian Specialist degree program taught in English - Medicine Specialist degree program taught in Russian - Medicine Residency training taught in English Residency training taught in Russian International double degree master's programs Sino-Russian Institute Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Preparatory courses - Medicine Exchange programs Internships Russian language courses Preparatory courses Siberian summer school Russian language summer school Admission procedure New students Accommodation Living costs Climate in Novosibirsk Student and campus cards Visas Migration registration Telephone and Internet Healthcare, medical insurance Emergency phone numbers Contacts Questionnaire for international students Academic calendar Apply Apply from different countries Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education MOOCs: the new educational technology MOOC analytics Siberian Summer School Apply Ask a question Ask a question Send Description Since its inception, the University has realized that the current pace of development and the specificity of medicine today, such as the introduction of molecular and personalized medicine, require that we train doctors with sufficient knowledge in different fields of science. Therefore, the General Medicine Educational Program is based on an approach that provides high-quality medical training from the top specialists in different fields of medicine with a comprehensive education in natural sciences, social and economic disciplines, mathematics and humanities, and students' participation in research projects. The idea behind the introduction of this specialty is to train highly qualified medical doctors or researchers with expertise in clinical disciplines who will possess all the research skills and knowledge of natural sciences that are required for biomedical research. Program goal The objective of the specialized clinical training is to prepare medical doctors with necessary behavioral and critical clinical skills for providing medical care not only for urgent but also life-threatening conditions as well as working on prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation. Upon its completion, graduates are prepared to pursue a career in the areas of research, education, and science, ranging from all sorts of fields such as preventive, diagnostic, therapeutic and organizational; they can continue their education through an internship, residency, or doctoral program in post-graduate professional education programs. Duration of study Six academic years Language of instruction For the first three years of study, all lessons are held in English. During this same period, students take an intensive Russian language course. Starting from the 4th academic year, the course of study is organized so that all the modules are taught in Russian, giving the students the opportunity to communicate with real patients and their respective supervisors. Fees and Financial support Tuition fees Tuition fees is 650.000 roubles per year Application deadline 15 July Guideline on how to apply to our University Step 1. Initial Application (online) Copy of a document detailing your education (education certificate, transcript), listing subjects studied and grades achieved (with translation into Russian or English) Copy of identification (passport) Step 2. Official Submission of Documents at the University (All documents must be translated into Russian and duly certified (notarized or certified at a consular department of an embassy) Application for admission (will be given the application form by the admission board at the university) Passport (original and notarized translation into Russian) An education certificate including studied subjects and grades (original and notarized translation into Russian) 6 Photographs 3x4 cm Step 3. University qualifying exams (Applicant must take 2 entrance exams.) Qualifying exam in Chemistry Qualifying exam in English language Application deadlines Till July 15 fill the application form and provide full set of scanned documents Testimonials Mubaraq Sadiq Abubakar Year: 2016 Program: General Medicine Country: Nigeria I am a proud citizen of my country Nigeria and came from a family of 5 children, 2 boys and 3 girls. Since childhood I've been passionate about a future career in medicine which is the reason why I am here in Russia, to fulfill my ambition. I heard about Russia from different people in my country and I always wanted to be here someday. It is a great opportunity that not everyone is privileged to have - to be at NSU. When I started studying at NSU I was a bit lazy at first but after a while, I got into the habit of regular reading and hard work, this is the impact that NSU has made in my life. Furkan Sarper Ozkurt Year: 2025 Program: General Medicine Country: Turkey Furqan Sarper Ozkurt a student who came to study in Novosibirsk fr om Turkey! Why did you choose NSU? - To work as a doctor in Turkey, I have to graduate from a foreign university whose diplomas are accepted in my country. The list of such universities is very limited, and they must be ranked in the top 1,000 in at least two specific global rankings. In Russia, only 4-5 universities met these criteria. I took exams at all of them and received offers from each. In the end, after tests, interviews, and my own research, I realized that the education at NSU is the strongest and highest quality. I came here for a good education, and I didn't regret it. What cultural differences surprised you the most? - Surprisingly, I didn't feel a huge cultural difference. The mentality, behavior, and lifestyle of people here are very similar to Turkish ones. Perhaps the biggest cultural difference for me is food. I still haven't been able to fully adapt to Russian cuisine. I often feel that the dishes lack flavor and the spices I'm used to. Have you developed any new habits during your time in Russia? If so, what are they? - Yes, and they're mainly related to the climate! I'm used to wearing warm socks, thermal underwear, and layered clothing - after all, it's cold most of the year here. And I've finally mastered the habit of using a wardrobe. In Turkey, wh ere you only dress warmly for a couple of months a year, there's almost no such tradition. We used to hang our clothes on hooks in the classroom. But here, when I enter any building, I automatically take off my coat, hat, and gloves and put them in the wardrobe. How did you deal with the language barrier? - I prepared myself well: before starting my main studies, I attended a one-year Russian language preparatory course in Nizhny Novgorod. It was an incredibly useful time. I not only learned the basics of the language but also got to know the country and culture better. To practice, I went to the ballet and the theater, watched basketball and hockey, and started exploring Russian literature. And, of course, I'm still improving my Russian now. What advice would you give to other international students applying to NSU? - First and foremost, they should realize that they've come to a university with a high level of education and be ready to study hard and diligently. A particularly important tip for future doctors: from the third year onwards, the education at the Institute of Medicine and Medical Technologies of NSU completely switches to Russian. All clinical classes and bedside practice take place in Russian. Therefore, it's absolutely essential not to delay learning the language. Regardless of whether you have a preparatory faculty, you need to start learning Russian right now - it's the most important step for your future. Atamalek Soleiman Pour Year: 2024 Program: General Medicine Country: Iran Why did you choose NSU? - To be honest, I always dreamed of studying at a university in Moscow or Saint Petersburg and never imagined I would study in Novosibirsk. However, I talked with my Russian friends in Saint Petersburg and my Iranian friends in Novosibirsk, and they told me that this is a modern and very good university that will help me become a successful and modern doctor. That's why I chose the Institute of Medicine and Medical Technologies at NSU. What difficulties did you face adapting to the new place, and how did you overcome them? - On the day I arrived in Novosibirsk, it seemed to me that winter would never end. I also thought it would be very difficult to make friends with the locals. But after a few months of studying and living here, the sincere warm communication with people and the amazing atmosphere of the university campus proved to me that these fears were groundless. Now I am very happy with my decision. Have you developed any new habits during your time living in Russia? If yes, what are they? - Since I came to Russia, besides my clothes becoming much warmer and myself becoming more cheerful, I have started studying much more. Besides that, I haven't noticed any special changes :) Are there any features of Russian culture that you like? - If I start talking about Russian culture, I won't be able to express my feelings even in several hours. But briefly: Russia and Iran are very close geopolitically and geographically. There has been close interaction between our countries throughout history. It may be hard to imagine, but our cultures have striking similarities. This is seen in words like "samovar" and "chemodan" (suitcase), the first came from Russian into Persian, and the second - vice versa. This is noticeable in our cuisine and mentality as well. In Iran, as in Russia, the poems of great poets like Omar Khayyam and Rumi are very famous. And the works of Russian writers and poets, such as Pushkin, are sometimes even more popular than books by many European and American authors. This cultural closeness really fascinates me. What advice would you give to other international students applying to NSU? - I would advise other students to definitely consider NSU if they want to become the best in their field. This university is like a thief that steals hearts. It is so captivating that you simply cannot help but fall in love with it! Load more Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved Support: nsu@nsu.ru Campus Sitemap Follow us Developed by Bitrixoid Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru Support: nsu@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved To report an error on the site, highlight the text with the error and click CTRL+ENTER Text error found Send