RU EN CN Toggle navigation Students Staff +11.8°С Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Students Staff Admission Programs Admission procedure New students Academic calendar Apply Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education Siberian Summer School Research Divisions Conferences Strategic academic units NSU Journals Mathematical Center Climate center Validation verification greenhouse gases News & Events News Events Life Campus Sport Inclusive education Main annual events Societies & Clubs NSU life: video channel Places to visit Facilities About nsu Rankings Structure Governance Why NSU? Did you know? Location History How to reach Maps NSU Project Archives Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Admission Programs Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Programs Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Master's degree programs taught in English Master's degree programs taught in Russian PhD programs taught in English PhD programs taught in Russian Specialist degree program taught in English - Medicine Specialist degree program taught in Russian - Medicine Residency training taught in English Residency training taught in Russian International double degree master's programs Sino-Russian Institute Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Preparatory courses - Medicine Exchange programs Internships Russian language courses Preparatory courses Siberian summer school Russian language summer school Admission procedure New students Accommodation Living costs Climate in Novosibirsk Student and campus cards Visas Migration registration Telephone and Internet Healthcare, medical insurance Emergency phone numbers Contacts Questionnaire for international students Academic calendar Apply Apply from different countries Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education MOOCs: the new educational technology MOOC analytics Siberian Summer School Apply Ask a question Ask a question Send Novosibirsk State University is a unique place where you can obtain knowledge and skills in the fields of natural sciences, engineering and humanities. You can receive a high-quality higher education and build a future career in a wide range of fields including science, education, technologies, business and many more. NSU graduates are members of the world science and business elite and are in high demand in various fields in throughout the world. Please note, for enrollment to any Russian-taught Bachelor's program your Russian language level should be at least B2 to pass entrance exams in Russian language. To apply to a Russian language course, please follow the link Title Specialization Language Duration Title: African and Oriental Studies Language: Russian Code: 58.03.01 Title: African and Oriental Studies Specialization: African and Oriental Studies Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Humanities This program is aimed at a comprehensive study of the history and ethnology of Oriental and African countries. It takes a systematic approach to the study of history of the East and North Africa from the ancient times to the present. Students gain an in-depth understanding of the political, socio-economic and cultural development of the peoples under study. They focus on special features in the development of consumer culture, traditions and customs of Oriental and African countries. During the course the students gain a profound understanding of the evolution in political, socio-economic, religious and philosophical concepts of the East and their impact on people's minds. Title: Applied Mathematics and Informatics Language: Russian Code: 01.03.02 Title: Applied Mathematics and Informatics Specialization: Applied Mathematics and Computer Science Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Mathematics and Mechanics If in the program in Mathematics and Computer Science students study different programs and tools to operate them, then what is important in the program in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science is the subject area. Let's discuss a simple example. If an applicant likes to write computer programs in a certain software development environment, it will be easy for him/her to find what to do in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science program. However, if an applicant wants to create a new software development environment, the program in Mathematics and Computer Science will suit him/her more. In the program in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science the students are engaged in the following activities: the development of efficient computational algorithms in various areas of mathematics; the use of high performance computing in solving the problems that require processing of large amounts of data (effective implementation of computational algorithms, the creation of distributed information systems, for example, satellite data processing); computational methods for large-scale problems (computational aerodynamics, modeling of physical fields, particle transfer in the continuum, etc.); mathematical methods of information processing and their application in decision making and management tasks (digital signal processing, including video and audio, image recognition, management systems, for example, navigation positioning data processing GPS / GLONASS; the use of probabilistic and statistical methods for solving scientific and technical problems (Monte-Carlo methods in modeling physical and chemical processes, discrete-stochastic methods of numerical analysis); mathematical economics (analysis of financial markets, banking and insurance assessment of risks, optimal economic management of enterprises and industries); modeling of natural and man-made disasters (earthquakes, tsunamis, mathematical models in ecology); software development for hardware and software management systems (on-board computers, process and plant management). Title: Biology Language: Russian Code: 06.03.01 Title: Biology Specialization: General Biology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 06.03.01 Title: Biology Specialization: Physiology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 06.03.01 Title: Biology Specialization: Biological Information Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 06.03.01 Title: Biology Specialization: Molecular Biology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 06.03.01 Title: Biology Specialization: Cytology and Genetics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Title: Business Informatics Language: Russian Code: 38.03.05 Title: Business Informatics Specialization: Business Computer Science Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Economics Business Computer Science is the science of designing, developing and implementing information and communication systems in business. This is a new promising area of professional activity, emerging at the intersection of economics, management and control of information and communication flows. Many new companies conquer the global market using such technologies. The development of information systems has also become a necessity for mature companies. A thorough understanding of technologies is a necessary, but not sufficient factor for the successful transfer of all types of information in digital form. This task requires a comprehensive knowledge of business processes, management and economics. Business Computer Science is one of the key areas for organizations striving to improve the efficiency of their business and gain a competitive advantage. It embodies much more than just the computer science or information technologies: it brings together the knowledge in the field of business, management and social skills as well as in the field of work with information. Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Language: Russian Code: 04.03.01 Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Specialization: Chemistry of Solids Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.03.01 Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Specialization: Catalysis Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.03.01 Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Specialization: Bioorganic chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.03.01 Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Specialization: Physical Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.03.01 Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Specialization: Organic Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.03.01 Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Specialization: Analytical Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.03.01 Title: Chemistry. Fundamental science and breakthrough technology Specialization: Inorganic Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Title: Computer Science and Engineering Language: Russian Code: 09.03.01 Title: Computer Science and Engineering Specialization: Software Engineering and Computer Science Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Information Technologies Code: 09.03.01 Title: Computer Science and Engineering Specialization: Computer Science and Systems Engineering Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Information Technologies Title: Economics Language: Russian Code: 38.03.01 Title: Economics Specialization: Economics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Economics Within the framework of this field, specialists with a broad economic knowledge are trained. The student receives a large base of economic and mathematical knowledge useful in scientific and applied economics. The Faculty offers a combination of theoretical courses and applied subjects, which cover a wide range of different fields of economic science. A graduate of this trend can be considered economic processes and phenomena in terms of costs and benefits associated with them and know how based on such analysis to make effective decisions, allowing it to become an analyst or economist leading companies in the world. Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Language: Russian Code: 04.05.01 Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Specialization: Chemistry of Solids Language: Russian Duration: 5 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.05.01 Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Specialization: Catalysis Language: Russian Duration: 5 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.05.01 Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Specialization: Bioorganic chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 5 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.05.01 Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Specialization: Physical Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 5 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.05.01 Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Specialization: Organic Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 5 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.05.01 Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Specialization: Analytical Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 5 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Code: 04.05.01 Title: Fundamental and Applied Chemistry (specialist degree) Specialization: Inorganic Chemistry Language: Russian Duration: 5 years Institute/Department: Department of Natural Sciences Title: Fundamental and Applied Linguistics Language: Russian Code: 45.03.03 Title: Fundamental and Applied Linguistics Specialization: Mathematical and Applied Linguistics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Humanities The program in fundamental and applied linguistics is aimed at preparing the Bachelor's holders with a command of mathematical methods to describe and study the language. This program is interdisciplinary in nature with language being taught in combination with linguistics, mathematics, computer science, cognitive science and neuroscience. The student learns: • to explore the hidden laws of the language associated with the logical, cognitive and neurophysiological aspects of human language activity; • to understand mathematical and computer modeling of linguistic structures and categories as well as various aspects of human language activity; • to develop and implement computer tools for linguistic research; • to create and maintain electronic linguistic resources (corpora and dictionaries) and automatic text processing programs. Title: Geology Language: Russian Code: 05.03.01 Title: Geology Specialization: Geology and Geochemistry of Fossil Fuels Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Geology and Geophysics Code: 05.03.01 Title: Geology Specialization: Oilfield and Mining Geophysics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Geology and Geophysics Code: 05.03.01 Title: Geology Specialization: General and Regional Geology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Geology and Geophysics Code: 05.03.01 Title: Geology Specialization: Geophysics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Geology and Geophysics Curriculum in geophysics differs significantly from that in geochemistry, geology and oil and gas. The students of Geophysics undertake an in-depth study of physical aspects of geological processes: nuclear physics, the physics of the Earth, mining geophysics and more. The students have an opportunity to familiarise themselves with the basic principles of geophysical exploration for mineral resources and the study of contemporary processes in the Earth's crust. Geophysicists explore the deep structure of the Earth by interpreting the instrumental measurements of natural or artificially created earth fields. For example, many ores have magnetic properties, and their deposits create anomalies in the earth's magnetic field. A geophysicist can detect such an anomaly, conducting reconnaissance on the ground and analyzing geophysical fields with the appropriate tools. S/he can estimate the size and shape of the anomaly and, therefore, to assess the amount of ore in each deposit. Also s/he can do both conventional mapping and explore virtually any kinds of minerals, including oil and natural gas. Based on the data of the gravitational and magnetic survey and seismic exploration, companies estimate prospective oil and gas areas and plan the location of the first exploration wells. In addition to mapping and exploration, a geophysicist can also address the environmental and geotechnical tasks, including monitoring of modern seismic and volcanic activity areas. S/he can observe an earthquake in real time, visualize the magma chamber of a volcano or the movement of tectonic plates. S/he can also observe how they interact and where the deformation occurs. Thus, a geophysicist can forewarn about the possibility of a major earthquake and its consequences, such as, for example, a tzunami, and predict the strength and mode of its eruption by tracking the activity of a volcano Code: 05.03.01 Title: Geology Specialization: Geochemistry Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Geology and Geophysics The student of geochemistry may get engaged in the study of mineralogy, that is, to study the composition, properties, structure and conditions of formation of minerals; s/he can study petrography, i.e., the description of the composition and structure of rocks; geochemistry, i.e., the study of the cycle of chemical elements in geological processes; geology of ore deposits, i.e., the study all types and structure of ore bodies and the conditions of their formation. The student of geochemistry learns to use modern equipment, allowing for the exploration of the crystalline material at the most detailed level and can successfully take part in a special mineralogical practice at real fields. S/he also finds out where and how to find the rarest and the most valuable ores and minerals. A geochemist can become a specialist in exploration, but, unlike a geophysicist, s/he conducts the exploration by hands: collects samples from the surface or by means of drilling or blasting, studies their structure and composition and draws a conclusion about the type of ore and its possible amount under the ground. A geochemist can distinguish an ore from a precious metal, has an idea about raw materials for the chemical and nuclear industries; in other words, all his/her activity is concentrated around the evolution of the Earth's substances and minerals. Such specialists are in high demand in exploration and production companies in Russia, CIS and the near-abroad countries. Title: History Language: Russian Code: 46.03.01 Title: History Specialization: History Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Humanities The priority area of study is the place and importance of the Siberian region in the Russian historical process. Two scientific and educational centers operate within the department: Historical Siberian Studies and Dynamics of and Experience in the Russian socio-cultural transformations. Teachers specialising in this field give lectures on the history of the country, the national historiography and source study, the history of Russian culture, Siberia history and auxiliary historical disciplines. Title: Journalism Language: Russian Code: 42.03.02 Title: Journalism Specialization: Journalism Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Humanities As part of this specialization the students are completely immersed in the process of creating radio programs in various genres: news bulletins, analytical programs, talk shows, music releases among others. Each student can try him/herself out as a reporter, presenter, editor or a sound engineer. The instructors who teach in this program are practicing radio journalists, sound engineers, and editors working at Novosibirsk radio stations. Title: Law Language: Russian Code: 40.03.01 Title: Law Specialization: Legal Studies (Economics and Law) Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Economics The main objective of this program is to train lawyers-economists specializing in commercial law. For many lawyers their professional activity is impossible without the knowledge of economy: lawyers work in business, arbitration and investigate economic crimes. Such experts are in demand in the legal departments of large companies; their work is also necessary for the legal system of the state to function properly. At the department the legal disciplines are taught by practicing prosecutors, judges and lawyers. The faculty is also represented by a group of academic lawyers, but relying on the leading practitioners in the field remains one of the department's priorities. The combination of legal and economic education is highly valued in Western countries, and successful careers of the department's graduates confirms their competitive advantage in making a career in law in Russia. Code: 40.03.01 Title: Law Specialization: Law Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Philosophy and Law Title: Linguistics (Foreign languages) Language: Russian Code: 45.03.02 Title: Linguistics (Foreign languages) Specialization: Translation and Translation Studies Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Humanities Here future translators learn to understand different aspects of translation theory, its ethnic peculiarities and features, master literary editing, annotation and abstracting. Practical activities the students are involved in enable them to master simultaneous, written and oral translation skills. The graduates are trained to translate written and spoken foreign language materials in a variety of genres and many other things. Code: 45.03.02 Title: Linguistics (Foreign languages) Specialization: The theory and Practice of Intercultural Communication Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Humanities This specialisation is aimed at preparing highly-qualified specialists in intercultural communication and international relations. Anyone who wants to understand the peculiarities of a foreign culture and learn about the intricacies of communication with representatives of other countries, can choose to specialise in this area. The main emphasis is placed on the study of the theory and practice of intercultural communication. Here the students study social psychology, sociolinguistics, cultural anthropology, learn to apply the strategies of conflict resolution through practical training, simulate and manage communication processes of participants in the dialogue, skilfully manage discussions and acquire role and business games moderation skills. Title: Management Language: Russian Code: 38.03.02 Title: Management Specialization: Management Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Economics Within the framework of this specialisation senior level management professionals are prepared. A professional manager should possess knowledge of technologies that enable organizations to achieve the goals, using the intellectual abilities, work and the motives of behavious of other people. In a competitive market environment, not least the ability to put the right targets, see the desired state of the company in the future and reach it. Students majoring in Management are future managers with fundamental knowledge in the field of economy. The training program is aimed at providing economic training and the formation of practical skills in business and management. The program focuses on compliance with the qualification requirements of employers of graduates, representing the real sector of the economy, public administration and science, as well as modern trendson the labor market. Title: Mathematics Language: Russian Code: 01.03.01 Title: Mathematics Specialization: Mathematics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Mathematics and Mechanics On the one hand, students majoring in Mathematics represent the mathematicsl elite of our country. These are reseearch mathematicians, that is, people who must ensure the growth and development of mathematics itself. Every year the world-famous research centers in Russia and abroad are replenished by the graduates from NSU, who have followed the path from being a student to making a Master's degree and then a PhD. On the other hand, graduates with a degree in Mathematics are broadly educated specialists capable of independent research work, who know well how to use mathematical methods in applications. For example, geometricians and topologists can engage in computational topology and solve applied problems related to computer modeling, computer graphics and visualization. Experts in number theory, which seems to be very theoretical at first glance, are engaged in cryptography, i.e. the methods of information security, data integrity, and verification of authorship authenticity or other properties of the object. The most striking proof of the fact that pure mathematics is necessary for solving applied problems is the theory of probability and mathematical statistics. Specialists in this field are engaged in studying risk analysis theory of insurance companies, queuing theory among other things. Thus, the graduates with a Maths degree are in high demand in all areas where mathematical methods and computer technology are used as well as in research centers and educational institutions. Students majoring in mathematics are engaged in research in the following areas: Algebra and Number Theory Mathematical logic and the foundations of mathematics Probability theory and mathematical statistics Mathematical and functional analysis Geometry and topology Differential equations and mathematical physics Computability theory and the theory of algorithms. Title: Mathematics and Сomputer Science Language: Russian Code: 02.03.01 Title: Mathematics and Сomputer Science Specialization: Mathematics and Computer Science Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Mathematics and Mechanics Modern mathematics and computer science are vital for high-tech industry: the more difficult the task of the real world, the more difficult its mathematical model, which is analytically examining, mathematics suggest methods for solving the original problem, including algorithmic. In turn, reliable and efficient implementation of algorithms requires a deep understanding of the properties of computer systems and ways of working with them. The graduates of the program in mathematics and computer science have such understanding. Students majoring in this field are engaged in studying the following fields: bioinformatics; coding theory; theory and database applications and information systems; theory and practice of parallel programming; discrete optimization; graph theory; applied and computer algebra; engineering; analysis and computer software systems of varying complexity; fundamental and applied logic; theoretical computer science. Title: Mechanics and Mathematical Modelling Language: Russian Code: 01.03.03 Title: Mechanics and Mathematical Modelling Specialization: Mechanics and Mathematical Modeling Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Mathematics and Mechanics The program in Mechanics and Mathematical modeling focuses on the study of the following problems: • numerical methods in continuum mechanics; • hemodynamics, the study of blood flow characteristics in the body; • application of mathematical methods and mathematical modeling in scientific research; • mechanics of liquids, gas and plasma (shipbuilding, aviation, space flights); • solid state mechanics (mechanics of composites, mechanics of geomaterials, elasticity theory, cracking theory); • investigation of transfer processes in microgravity and on the micro scale; • simulation of the motion with phase transitions; • theory of gravity and thermal convection thermocapillary; • flows in porous media (oil and gas); • dynamics of viscous plastic fluid (drilling wells, avalanches); • numerical simulation of the interaction between elastic structures with fluid (the wave interaction, for example, of bridges). Title: Philology Language: Russian Code: 45.03.01 Title: Philology Specialization: Philology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Humanities Philology brings together different areas of the humanities: literature, linguistics, history and culture. Students majoring in these fields acquire unique knowledge and skills relevant to the modern world and necessary to succeed in it: a high level of literacy, fluency in foreign languages, the ability to quickly and accurately complete analytical work of any complexity. Russian philology Students gain fundamental knowledge in literature, the Russian language, its history, contemporary status and development trends. Learn to analyze the language, create and interpret different types of texts with meaning, aesthetic, practical value. Moreover, philologists, students learn to refine and process texts: perform proofreading, editing, commenting, annotating. Students majoring in Russian philology study one Western European language (English, French, German, Italian) and have the opportunity to learn a second foreign language. It prepares them to participate in cross-cultural and inter-ethnic communication and provides a significant advantage in pursuing their future career. Title: Philosophy Language: Russian Code: 47.03.01 Title: Philosophy Specialization: Philosophy of Science Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Philosophy and Law Code: 47.03.01 Title: Philosophy Specialization: Social Philosophy Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Philosophy and Law Code: 47.03.01 Title: Philosophy Specialization: History of Philosophy Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute for the Philosophy and Law Title: Physics. Fundamental research, breakthrough technologies and applications Language: Russian Code: 03.03.02 Title: Physics. Fundamental research, breakthrough technologies and applications Specialization: Physical Informatics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Physics A special program has been developed for students of this specialization, allowing them to gain in-depth knowledge in computer science, microelectronics and computer technology along with the physical and mathematical disciplines. As a result, graduates of this division are highly qualified specialists in the field of information technologies with a universal and general physical erudition, able to work at the junction of different scientific fields using modern programming languages and information technologies. Code: 03.03.02 Title: Physics. Fundamental research, breakthrough technologies and applications Specialization: General Physics Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Physics Students of General Physics gain in depth education in physics and mathematics, enabling graduates to further conduct fundamental and applied research in research institutes. Specializations : - Automation of physical and technical research - Aerophysics and gas dynamics - Biomedical Physics - Quantum Optics - Quantum Electronics - radiophysics - Physics of nonequilibrium processes - Plasma Physics - Physics of Semiconductors - Physics of continuous media - Accelerator Physics - Elementary Particle Physics - Physics and Technology - Physical Methods of Solid State Research - Chemical and Biological Physics Title: Psychology Language: Russian Code: 37.03.01 Title: Psychology Specialization: Clinical Psychology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute of Medicine and Medical Technologies As part of this program the department trains highly qualified specialists for further work in specialized hospitals and clinical hospitals and mental and drug treatment clinics. This specialisation is designed for those who want to learn to understand the peculiarities of individual psychological work with the person, to grasp the root causes of the problems of the person, for those who want to help patients become aware of their own personality and overcome the psychological difficulties that a person cannot overcome alone. Here, future professionals learn the basics of psychosomatic medicine, family psychology, master the skills of counseling and psychotherapy, learn to understand the psychology of stress and different theories of neuroses. They also study the basics of drug addiction and alcoholism prevention. Code: 37.03.01 Title: Psychology Specialization: Occupational psychology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Institute of Medicine and Medical Technologies The program in Organizational Psychology and Labour Psychology is aimed at preparing professional psychologists and consultants who implement their skills in the socio-psychological and advisory centers, employment agencies, and commercial organizations. This program is designed for those who want to study the characteristics of behavior of a person in the organization, her/his adaptation to the specific nature of working on a team, want to help managers and employees to organize their work in the most efficient way. Here the students learn to understand the peculiarities of organizational culture and conflicts, acquire personnel management skills, learn the psychology of advertising and the psychology of decision-making. Title: Sociology Language: Russian Code: 39.03.01 Title: Sociology Specialization: Sociology Language: Russian Duration: 4 years Institute/Department: Department of Economics Sociology represents social analytics in a broad context. Students specialising in this field of study get acquainted with how social relations and social trends are formed from the decisions and individual actions of people, to what extent people are free in their decisions and actions, what limits or stimulates them. It is a professional study of man in the context of his/her social relations from political and labor, to consumer and immigration ones among several others. To be able to undertake such analysis, the students receive the knowledge of theories and sociological methods of collecting information as well as the skills to analyze it using modern software. The teachers working in this field are researchers from scientific institutes, commercial research firms and governmental management bodies. Within the framework of various projects of the department, lecturers from foreign and leading Russian universities are invited. The department ensures the quality of preparation in the Bachelor's program, allowing the students to continue their education in the Master's programs in leading Russian and foreign universities, including the Master's program at the Department of Economics at NSU. Testimonials Constance Weill Year: 2015 Program: Journalism Country: France It is great that the University often hosts conferences. There is always something to do here! There are many clubs and events. I like nature too. Life here is nice and comfortable. I realized that I enjoy living here. I'd love to stay here after I graduate from NSU. Elisa Setta Year: 2015 Program: Linguistics (Foreign Languages) Country: Italy The University arranged special events for international students that provided opportunities to make friends with Russian students as well as the students who come from all over the world. Also, the University organized a very useful course on the Russian Culture. Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved Support: nsu@nsu.ru Campus Sitemap Follow us Developed by Bitrixoid Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru Support: nsu@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved To report an error on the site, highlight the text with the error and click CTRL+ENTER Text error found Send