RU EN CN Toggle navigation Students Staff +11.8°С Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Students Staff Admission Programs Admission procedure New students Academic calendar Apply Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education Siberian Summer School Research Divisions Conferences Strategic academic units NSU Journals Mathematical Center Climate center Validation verification greenhouse gases News & Events News Events Life Campus Sport Inclusive education Main annual events Societies & Clubs NSU life: video channel Places to visit Facilities About nsu Rankings Structure Governance Why NSU? Did you know? Location History How to reach Maps NSU Project Archives Staff Human resources General Questions Social Infrastructure Structure Careers at NSU NSU Wireless Network Students Programs Campus Admission procedure Apply New students Grants & Scholarships Facilities Sport NSU Wireless Network Alumni Partners Admission Programs Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Programs Bachelor's degree programs taught in Russian Master's degree programs taught in English Master's degree programs taught in Russian PhD programs taught in English PhD programs taught in Russian Specialist degree program taught in English - Medicine Specialist degree program taught in Russian - Medicine Residency training taught in English Residency training taught in Russian International double degree master's programs Sino-Russian Institute Russian Language, Literature and Culture for foreigners Preparatory courses - Medicine Exchange programs Internships Russian language courses Preparatory courses Siberian summer school Russian language summer school Admission procedure New students Accommodation Living costs Climate in Novosibirsk Student and campus cards Visas Migration registration Telephone and Internet Healthcare, medical insurance Emergency phone numbers Contacts Questionnaire for international students Academic calendar Apply Apply from different countries Departments & Sections Grants/Scholarships Online education MOOCs: the new educational technology MOOC analytics Siberian Summer School Apply Ask a question Ask a question Send Description This program integrates the study of Russian language, literature and culture. It does not only prepare lecturers of Russian as a foreign language, but also and foremost multi-skilled experts who have a good command of Russian, who are familiar with Russian literature and culture, who are able to work in joint ventures, and also in their country's educational, scientific and cultural organizations interacting with Russia. In this Program, students will study various aspects of Russian philology, methodology, and learn methods and get experience conducting independent research in the fields of Russian language or Russian literature. Foreign students will also have in-depth language training to master the skills of everyday and scientific communication in Russian. Russian language Russian literature Russian culture Program Benefits Improved practical language skills in Russian. The Program provides competence in speaking for future specialists in the field of philology; enables foreign undergraduates to improve their practical Russian language skills in accordance with the TRKU-TORFL state testing program. Ability to choose your subjects. The Program curriculum involves a choice of philological subjects that correspond to the scientific specializations of Russian language or Russian literature. Real intercultural communication in mixed groups with Russian students who are studying philological subjects. Those interested in research have the opportunity to continue their education in "Russian language" and "Russian literature" postgraduate studies at NSU. Program Goal This program aims at preparing graduates for solving complex problems requiring the utilization of philological knowledge and skills in educational organizations, in scientific research centers, in cultural organizations, in advertising and travel agencies, in the media, in the area of intercultural communication and in other fields of social and human activity, where knowledge of Russian as a foreign language is necessary. Additionally, one of the objectives of the program is to improve practical Russian proficiency up to TRKI 3 (test of Russian as a foreign Language, C1) Duration of Study Two academic years Language of Instruction Russian Program structure Basic subjects Subjects Credits Modern Philosophy Problems 2 English 9 Required subjects Subjects Credits Modern Russian language: theoretical foundations of lexicology 3 Russian as a foreign language 14 Scientific style of Russian speech 2 Workshop on the Culture of Speech Communications 4 Modern Russian Language: Theoretical Foundations of Grammar 4 Linguoculturology 2 Intercultural Academic and Business Communication 2 Bilingualism and Multiculturalism 3 Computer Technologies in Philology 2 Specialization Selection Subjects Credits Precedent Texts in Russian Literature 3 Corpus Linguistics 3 Anthropological Linguistics 3 Problems Studying the 20th century Literary Process 3 Russian Culture: from Ancient Rus to Modern Russia 3 Linguistic Typology 3 Workshop "Analysis of a literary text" 2 Psycholinguistics 2 Corpus Linguistics 3 Religious and Philosophical Culture and Literature in 19th Century Russia 3 Introduction to Russian Studies 2 Introduction to Literary Studies 2 Practice Subjects Credits Academic practice, practice obtaining primary professional skills and competence 3 Production practice, pre-diploma practice 6 Practice in production and obtaining professional skills and professional experience 5 Research work 34 Thesis and Defense Subjects Credits Thesis defense including preparation for the defense and the defense procedure 9 Electives Subjects Credits Business Russian 2 Total credits - 120 Master's Thesis Completion of the "Russian Language, Literature, Culture" Program requires defending a Master's thesis. The dissertation can focus on Russian language or Russian literature under the guidance of the leading teachers in the Philology Department. Students' research is conducted applying both traditional and the latest experimental methods for analyzing linguistic or literary material on the basis of a broad comparative background in Russian and native culture. Career opportunities The graduates of the program teach Russian as a foreign language in secondary and higher schools, work as philologists in research centers, in cultural organizations, advertising and travel agencies, in the media, in the field of intercultural communication and other areas of social and human activities where knowledge of Russian as a foreign language is necessary. The program aims at training research skills and after completion of their master's, students can continue their education in post-graduate studies. Certificate of knowledge of Russian as a foreign language TRKI-1 (B1). Key personnel Olga Sheglova Director of the program, PhD in Philology, Associate-Professor, Head of the Ancient Languages and Literary Source Studies Section at the NSU Institute for the Humanities, expert in the field of linguotextology of Old Russian and Old Slavonic in ancient manuscripts. She described the language and textology of the Stishnoy Prologue spring text - an example of Church Slavonic writing that was widespread in Russia in the XIV-XVII centuries. In the bachelor's and master's programs Olga Sheglova supervises the specializations in : comparative-historical grammar of Slavic languages, historical lexicology of Russian language, language and textology of Old Church Slavonic manuscripts. Member of the editorial board of the peer-reviewed journal "Siberian Philological Journal." Natalia Koshkareva DSc Philology, Professor, Head of the Section of General and Russian Linguistics of the Institute for the Humanities of NSU Head of the Languages of the Peoples of Siberia Section, Institute of Philology, SB RAS. Research interests : syntax of Russian language, phonetics, lexicology and lexicography, grammar, dialectology and folklore of the Uralic languages of Siberia (Khanty and Nenets). Member of the editorial board at the "NSU Bulletin ( Philology Series)", "Siberian Philological Journal", "NSU Bulletin (Linguistics and Intercultural Communication Series)", and the "Bulletin of Ugric Studies" journals. Executive Editor of the "Languages of the indigenous peoples of Siberia" collection of scientific papers published by the Institute of Philology Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences. She supervises students specializing in the field of principles of modeling the structure and semantics of elementary simple and polypredicative sentences in the Russian, Indo-European (Italian, French, German, etc.), Ural-Altai (Khanty, Nenets, Nanai, Ulchi, etc.), Japanese, and Korean languages. Ludmila Sinyakova DSc in Philology, Professor at the History and Theory of Literature Section of the Institute for the Humanities of NSU Research interests : artistic anthropology, cognitive philology, philosophical literary studies. Ludmila Sinyakova teaches courses on the history and theory of Russian literature, on the history of foreign literature to students of the divisions of Philology and Journalism, conducts the specialization of students in 19th century Russian literature. Executive Editor of the journal "NSU Bulletin Philology Series". Mariya Timofeeva DSc in Philology, Professor of the Section of Fundamental and Applied Linguistics of the Institute for the Humanities of NSU. Senior Researcher, Institute of Mathematics, Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences Research interests include : philosophical and methodological foundations of linguistics, logical problems of semantics and pragmatics of natural language, introspective representation of language, the role of contradiction in language, natural and formal languages, functional mathematical models of natural language, experimental cognitive studies. Chief Editor "NSU Bulletin Linguistics and Intercultural Communication" Oleg Donskikh DSc in Philosophy, Professor Professor Section of Ancient Literatures and Literary Source Studies of the Institute for the Humanities of NSU. PhD Monash University (Australia), thesis topic "Russian Philosophy as an Expression of Russian National Consciousness" (2002). Author of more than 250 works in the field of the history of language, history of philosophy, philosophy of education, as well as philosophical essays and journalistic publications. Main research interests include : History of philosophy, the problem of the origin of philosophy. The origin of language, the general theory of language. The Metaphysics of poetry, philosophy and literature. Philosophy of education in the Humanities. Elena Kuznetsova PhD in Philology, Associate Professor of the Section of General and Russian Linguistics of the Institute for the Humanities of NSU. Expert in the field of semantic syntax. Elena Kuznetsova teaches students of the divisions of Philology and Journalism different courses on modern Russian language, conducts the specializations in description of models of syntactic constructions, in semantic syntax and in syntactic stylistics. E.S. Kuznetsova is also Associate Professor at the NSU Specialized Educational and Scientific Center Russian Literature Section and Associate Professor at the NSU Higher College of Informatics Socio-Economic and Humanities Disciplines Sector. Dmitry Dolgushin Doctor in Philology, Associate Professor at the History and Theory of Literature Section and the History, Culture, and Arts Section at the NSU Institute for the Humanities. Expert in the field of the History of Russian literature, culture and religious philosophy of the 19th century. Author of more than 60 scientific and educational publications. Research interests: the artistic work and biography of V.A. Zhukovsky, Russian romanticism, early Slavophiles, religious and philosophical inquiry of Russian educated society during the first half of the 19th century. Natalya Bartosh PhD in Philology, Associate-Professor, Head of the History, Culture, and Arts Section at the NSU Institute for the Humanities. Specialist of modern mythopoetics in the works of Oscar Wilde. Member of the Russian Association of English Literature Teachers and member of the International Association of Anglicists (ESSE). Research interests and areas of expertise include : Western European art of the 20th and 21st centuries, European literature at the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries, Silver Age of Russian literature and poetry, Modern literature and art, Byzantine art, literature and art of Ancient Rus. Maria Berendeeva PhD in Philology, Senior Lecturer at the General and Russian Linguistics Section and the History, Culture, and Arts Section at the NSU Institute for the Humanities. Expert in the field of cognitive linguistics, linguocultural studies, linguoconceptology, lexical semantics. Maria Berendeeva teaches Russian to foreign students and trainees of NSU. Fees and Financial support Tuition fees Tuition Fees are U.S. $3600 per year (in the 2020-2021 academic year) Scholarships Every year foreign students have an opportunity to apply for the Russian Government Scholarship Program Benefits: full tuition fee and a monthly allowance. (Travel, living expenses, and health insurance are not included). How to get a Russian Federation Government Scholarship Scholarships are awarded on a competitive basis. The selection criteria and procedures, as well as the number of scholarships, depend on the applicant's country. The application procedure starts in January. The deadline depends on the applicant's country (March-June). Step 1 Registration Register on the Education in Russia website, fill out the application, and mark Novosibirsk National Research State University as your first choice. If you need to provide the study program code, please contact the International Bureau for Student Admissions at interstudy@nsu.ru . Step 2 Submit Documents Contact the Rossotrudnichestvo office or the Russian Embassy in your country to clarify the admissions procedure. Submit the following documents to the Rossotrudnichestvo office or the Russian Embassy in your country and upload them to the Education in Russia website: Completed and signed application form with attached color photo; Copy of passport (first page with photo); Educational documents (diplomas and transcripts); Medical certificate of general well-being and test results for HIV / AIDS (certificate validity is 3 months); Any other documents: letters of recommendation, certificates for international exams, language skills certificates etc. All documents must be translated into Russian and notarized List of Documents for Applying Directly to NSU Copy of passport (first page with photo) Certificate of education with apostille Diploma supplements (transcript) 2 photos Resume Motivation letter (1-2 pages) Medical certificate of overall health and test results for HIV / AIDS (certificate validity is 3 months) Additional documents: letters of recommendation, certificates for international exams, language skills certificates etc. A TRKU-1, TRKU-2 certificate is preferable Application deadlines Till June 15 fill the application form Till August 06 provide full set of scanned documents Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved Support: nsu@nsu.ru Campus Sitemap Follow us Developed by Bitrixoid Phone: +7 (383) 363-42-92 E-mail: interstudy@nsu.ru Address: 1, Pirogova str., Novosibirsk, 630090, Russia Press-office: +7 (383) 363-40-15, press@nsu.ru Support: nsu@nsu.ru © 2026 Novosibirsk State University All rights reserved To report an error on the site, highlight the text with the error and click CTRL+ENTER Text error found Send