Library Current students Staff intranet Find an event Give Contact us Study Research Engage with us About us News & opinion false Study false false Applying false false How to apply false false International student applications false false English language requirements true true 50% English language requirements Depending on your educational background and country of origin, you may need to provide evidence of your English proficiency to be able to study with us. m-hero--simple false Overview Our courses require proficiency in English so that you can cope with lectures, tutorials, assignments and examinations. Depending on your educational background and country of origin, you may need to provide evidence of your English proficiency to be able to study with us. When English is your first language If English is your first language, you need to have citizenship or permanent long-term residency (minimum 10 years) and completed secondary or higher education (tertiary) studies in an English-speaking country recognised by the University. List of recognised English-speaking countries American Samoa, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Botswana, Canada (excluding Quebec), Fiji, Gambia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland), United States of America, Zambia, Zimbabwe. Some variations apply to specific degrees which have external registration/accreditation requirements. Refer to the relevant postgraduate or undergraduate sections on this page for more information. When English is not your first language If English is not your first language, you will need to provide proof of your English proficiency before you can commence your studies at the University. You can do this either by demonstrating that you have completed specific secondary or tertiary qualifications, by taking an English language skills test, or by completing a relevant English language course at the University's Centre for English Teaching . International student applications English language requirements Centre for English Teaching Preparation programs International articulation pathways Contact our regional experts Authorised agents Proving English proficiency You can provide evidence of English language proficiency through one of the following. Undergraduate Option 1: Undertake secondary or higher education (tertiary) studies in English You can demonstrate the above requirement through a record of satisfactory achievement in: a completed and recognised secondary education (high school) qualification, or a completed and recognised foundation/preparation program with the required grades in relevant English subjects or, a completed AQF diploma/advanced diploma (or equivalent) of a minimum one-year duration from a recognised institution, or at least one year of full-time study (or part-time equivalent) in a recognised bachelor's degree or other approved higher education qualifications. The above studies must be undertaken in English within five years of the date on which you will commence your course, in an English-speaking country as listed below: American Samoa, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Botswana, Canada (excluding Quebec), Fiji, Gambia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland), United States of America, Zambia, Zimbabwe If your studies were not undertaken in one of the English-speaking countries listed above, you can demonstrate proficiency through a record of satisfactory achievement in: a completed and recognised secondary education (high school) qualification undertaken in English, such as the Cambridge GCE Advanced Levels and International Baccalaureate diploma, or a completed and recognised foundation/preparation program with the required grades in relevant English subjects or at least one year of full-time study (or part-time equivalent) in a recognised bachelor's degree or other approved higher education qualifications, where the instruction for your studies (teaching, assessment and examination) was entirely in English in approved countries and/or institutions, assessed on a case-by-case basis by the University. The above studies must be undertaken in English within five years of the date on which you will commence your course. Option 2: Complete a specific subject in a recognised secondary education qualification If your qualification was not conducted entirely in English, you may still be eligible if you have completed a particular subject (usually English or a humanities subject) in a recognised qualification such as those listed below, within two years of the date on which you will commence your course. Denmark Studentereksamen Finland Upper Secondary School Certificate Germany Abitur Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education International Baccalaureate Diploma (not undertaken in English) Netherlands VWO Norway Vitnemal Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia Sweden Avgangsbetyg/Slutbetyg. There is a two-year time limit for the qualification to the date you commence your course. Please refer to the concordance table (pdf, 117KB) to see the subject and grade required for your course. Option 3: Take an English language skills test The University's standard English language proficiency requirement is set at an IELTS overall score of 6.5 with no band below 6.0; however, some faculties and courses have different requirements. Find out the requirements specific to your course . For other English tests accepted by the University, please refer to the English language concordance table (pdf, 220KB) to convert the IELTS requirements to TOEFL iBT (TOEFL Home Edition is not accepted), PTE, LanguageCert Academic (in-person), Cambridge C1 Advanced or Cambridge C2 Proficiency scores., only the TOEFL Australia version is accepted. All IELTS, PTE and LanguageCert Academic (in-person) requirements refer to the academic test. Non-academic tests are not accepted. All English tests need to be no more than two years old at the date of course commencement. International students applying for a student visa are advised to check with the Department of Home Affairs on separate English requirements that may apply to your student visa application. Postgraduate coursework and research Option 1: Undertake higher education (tertiary) studies in English You can demonstrate the above requirement through a record of satisfactory achievement in: at least one year of full-time (or equivalent part-time) tertiary study in a recognised bachelor's degree or other approved tertiary qualifications, within five years of the date on which you will commence your course, in one of the following English-speaking countries: American Samoa, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Botswana, Canada (excluding Quebec), Fiji, Gambia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland), United States of America, Zambia, Zimbabwe. If you completed studies in a different country, you can prove your proficiency through satisfactory achievement in: a three-year undergraduate degree, assessed on a case-by-case basis by the University, or one-year of full-time study in a postgraduate degree conducted entirely in English, including all teaching, assessments and examinations, assessed on a case-by-case basis by the University. Your studies must be undertaken in English within five years of the date you will commence your course. Some study areas have additional requirements as detailed below. Option 2: Take an English language skills test The University's standard English language proficiency requirement is set at an overall IELTS score of 6.5 with no band below 6.0, however, some faculties and courses have different requirements. Check the course pages for details. For other English tests accepted by the University, please refer to the concordance table (pdf, 220KB) to convert the IELTS requirement to TOEFL iBT (TOEFL Home Edition is not accepted), PTE, LanguageCert Academic (in-person), Cambridge C1 Advanced or Cambridge C2 Proficiency scores. All IELTS, PTE and LanguageCert Academic (in-person) requirements refer to the academic test. Non-academic tests are not accepted. All English tests need to be no more than two years old at the date of course commencement. International students applying for a student visa are advised to check with the Department of Home Affairs separate English requirements that may apply to your student visa application. Option 3: Be eligible for assessment of English proficiency based on work experience If English is not your first language and you have lived and worked in an English-speaking country (as listed above) continuously for at least five years prior to the date on which you will commence your course, we may be able to assess your English proficiency based on the relevance of your work experience. You will need to provide a work reference letter on a company letterhead with clear information on the nature of work, dates of employment and contact details of a supervisor. Study abroad and exchange Option 1: Undertake secondary or higher education (tertiary) studies in English You can demonstrate the above requirement through a record of satisfactory achievement in: a completed and recognised secondary education (high school) qualification, or a completed AQF diploma/advanced diploma (or equivalent) of a minimum one-year duration from a recognised institution, or at least one year of full-time study (or part-time equivalent) in a recognised bachelor's degree or other approved higher education qualifications. Your secondary or higher education studies must be undertaken in English within 10 years of the date you will commence your course, in either: a recognised institution where the instruction for your studies (teaching, assessment and examination) was entirely in English, or one of the following English-speaking countries: American Samoa, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Botswana, Canada (excluding Quebec), Fiji, Gambia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland), United States of America, Zambia, Zimbabwe. Option 2: Complete a specific subject in a recognised secondary education qualification If your qualification was not conducted entirely in English, you may be eligible if you have completed a specific subject (usually English or humanities) in a recognised qualification, such as: Denmark Studentereksamen Finland Upper Secondary School Certificate Germany Abitur Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Hong Kong A Levels International Baccalaureate Diploma (not undertaken in English) Netherlands VWO Norway Vitnemal Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia Swiss Matura Sweden Avgangsbetyg/Slutbetyg There is a 10-year time limit for the qualification to the date you commence a study abroad or exchange program. Please refer to the concordance table (pdf, 117KB) to see the subject and grade required for your course. Option 3: Take an English language skills test The University's standard English language proficiency requirement is set at an IELTS overall score of 6.5 with no band below 6.0, some faculties and courses have different requirements, check the requirements specific to your course . For other English tests accepted by the University, refer to the concordance table (pdf, 220KB) to convert the IELTS requirements to TOEFL iBT (TOEFL Home Edition is not accepted), PTE, LanguageCert Academic (in-person), Cambridge C1 Advanced or Cambridge C2 Proficiency scores. All IELTS, PTE and LanguageCert Academic (in-person) requirements refer to the academic test non-academic tests won't be accepted. All English tests need to be completed in less than two years at the date of course commencement. International students applying for a student visa are advised to check with the Department of Home Affairs on separate English requirements that may apply to your student visa application. CEFR for Europeans for Study abroad and exchange International study abroad and exchange students can satisfy the English language requirements by achieving a certificate of English language proficiency from their home institution with an overall grade of C1 (according to the Common European Framework) in lieu of an overall academic IELTS score of 6.5. Variations Undergraduate Nursing Course English tests: Some pre-registration nursing degrees have external registration/accreditation requirements which have additional English requirements. Check the course pages for details. Postgraduate coursework and research Some study areas have additional requirements as detailed below. Architecture, design and planning course Higher education (tertiary) studies: You need to have successfully completed one of the following within five years of course commencement: a minimum of two years of full-time study (or part-time equivalent) in a bachelor's degree in an English-speaking country (as listed) or a completed minimum three-year undergraduate degree in a non-English speaking country, conducted entirely in English and in which the language of instruction (teaching, assessment and examination) and the institution was English or a completed minimum two-year postgraduate degree in a non-English speaking country conducted entirely in English and in which the language of instruction (teaching, assessment and examination) and the institution was English. Nursing course Higher education (tertiary) studies: For post-registration nursing degrees, you need to have a record of satisfactory achievement in: a three-year undergraduate degree, completed within five years of course commencement in which the language of instruction (teaching, assessment and examination) and the institution was English or a two-year postgraduate degree completed within three years of course commencement in which the language of instruction (teaching, assessment and examination) and the institution was English. Some pre-registration nursing degrees have external registration/accreditation requirements which have additional English requirements. Check the course pages for details. Work experience: For post-registration nursing degrees, an applicant may provide a record of current registration with the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency (AHPRA) as a (Division 1) Registered Nurse and proof of current employment in this capacity at an appropriate health facility. Accepted English language tests IELTS Academic: the IELTS Online is not accepted. IELTS One Skill Retake: One Skill Retake is assessed together with the IELTS Academic test. The two-year validity period is based on the IELTS Academic test date, not the One Skill Retake test date. The IELTS Online is not accepted. TOEFL iBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language: internet-based): only the TOEFL Australia version is accepted, which is reported on a 0-120 scale. The TOEFL Home Edition is not accepted. PTE (Pearson Test of English) Academic LanguageCert Academic (in-person): not accepted for courses with specific external registration or accreditation requirements. Cambridge English C1 Advanced: not accepted for courses with specific external registration or accreditation requirements. Cambridge English C2 Proficiency: not accepted for courses with specific external registration or accreditation requirements. For details, check the course page . Score conversion table (PDF | 214KB) _self English test scores vary by course, check your course page for specific requirements. Converting your test score h3 cmp-callout--informational-blue Stay informed Key dates, event invites and more - we'll keep you in the loop. ispopup: true Subscribe ispopup: false Contact us