Library Current students Staff intranet Find an event Give Contact us Study Research Engage with us About us News & opinion false Study false false Applying false false How to apply false false Undergraduate applications (Domestic) false false Recognised qualifications true true 50% Recognised qualifications m-hero--simple false A list of Australian and overseas qualifications that we accept for admission into an undergraduate course. Undergraduate applications (Domestic) Selection rank Mathematics course prerequisites Completing the MOOC for mathematics Recognised qualifications How it works To be eligible for admission into one of our undergraduate degrees, you need to have completed one of the qualifications listed on this page . On top of a recognised qualification, you also need to meet the admissions criteria, which can be found on your course page. Entry scores Refer to our admissions guides for entry scores. For domestic students We provide selection ranks made up of your Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) and adjustment factors. If you have a non-ATAR qualification it will be converted into an ATAR-equivalent selection rank. If you are eligible for adjustment factors these will be added to your ATAR-equivalent selection rank. 2027 Admission Guide (for domestic students) Filename domestic-admission-guide.pdf Title 2027 Admission Guide (for domestic students) Size 114 KB Format application/pdf Extension pdf 2026 Admission Guide (for domestic students) Filename domestic-admission-guide-2026.pdf Title 2026 Admission Guide (for domestic students) Size 437 KB Format application/pdf Extension pdf For international students We provide ATAR-equivalent entry scores for some year 12 or secondary qualifications. 2027 Admission Guide (for international students) Filename international-admission-guide.pdf Title 2027 Admission Guide (for international students) Size 250 KB Format application/pdf Extension pdf 2026 Admission Guide (for international students) Filename international-admission-guide-2026.pdf Title 2026 Admission Guide (for international students) Size 1 MB Format application/pdf Extension pdf Secondary education qualifications Jump to Global qualifications false /content/dam/icons/approved-icons/globe-countries.svg Australian qualifications false /content/dam/icons/approved-icons/koala.svg Qualifications across the world false /content/dam/icons/approved-icons/earth-globe-option-2.svg Global qualifications If you are applying with one of the non-ATAR qualifications below and would like to know the entry requirement for a course, refer to the course page. If your qualification is listed below but is not listed on the course page, email admissions.office@sydney.edu.au . International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Admission is based on the overall scores for a completed IB diploma. When you apply, this score is converted into an ATAR equivalent called Combined Rank. Domestic students For a detailed breakdown of IB score conversion, refer to the Universities Admissions Centre (UAC) website . UAC processes applications on behalf of universities in New South Wales, including the University of Sydney. International students For the latest information for international students, refer to your course page . General Certificate of Education (GCE) A Levels Admission is based on results in up to four Advanced Level subjects in the GCE-comparable qualifications. Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) examination or American College Test (ACT) Your SAT examination or ACT is recognised with completion of a secondary or high school qualification. Domestic onshore students who have completed another recognised secondary qualification cannot apply with the SAT or ACT. Cambridge Pre-University Diploma You need to meet the required score for your course admission. European Baccalaureate We recognise the following qualifications from Europe: Diplome du Baccalaureate European Zeugnis der Europaischen Reifeprufung Diploma di Licenze Liceale Europea Europees Baccalaureate Diploma National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) If you completed the NCEA Level 3, an Australian Tertiary Admissions Rank (ATAR) will be calculated by the New Zealand Qualifications Authority (NZQA) and provided to UAC. This will be used in the admission process, provided you have fulfilled university entrance requirements as set by NZQA. Australian qualifications Year 12 qualifications by state and territory ATAR or its equivalent in the following year 12 qualifications for each Australian state and territory. State or territo ry Recognised qualification Australian Capital Territory ACT Senior Secondary Certificate (ACT SSC) New South Wales Higher School Certificate (HSC) Northern Territory Northern Territory Certificate of Education and Training (NTCET) - administered by SACE Queensland Queensland Certificate of Education (QCE) To convert your Queensland Overall Position (OP) to an ATAR result before 2020, check the ATAR/OP comparison table published by UAC. South Australia South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE) Tasmania Tasmanian Certificate of Education (TCE) Victoria Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) Western Australia Western Australian Certificate of Education (WACE) UAI and TAFE We also recognise the Universities Admission Index (UAI, acquired by people who completed high school before 2009) and the completion of an Australian year 12 qualification at TAFE. Other qualifications from across the world Austria Reifezeugnis Matura Reifeprufungszeugnis Maturazeugnis Belgium Diplome van Secundair Onderwij Certificat d' Enseignment Secondaire Superieur Abschlusszeugnis der Oberstufe des Sekundarunterrichs Bosnia and Herzegovina Diploma o Završenoj Srednjoj Školi Bulgaria Diploma za Zavrsheno Sredno Obrazovanie Canada Alberta High School Diploma British Columbia Certificate of Graduation Manitoba High School Graduation Diploma Newfoundland Provincial High School Graduation Certificate New Brunswick High School Graduation Diploma Nova Scotia High School Completion Certificate Ontario Secondary School Diploma Prince Edward Island High School Graduation Certificate Quebec Diploma of Collegial Studies Saskatchewan Complete Division IV Grade XII Standing Ontario Secondary School Diploma (international students only) We have strict entry standards with regard to quality and integrity and take any inconsistencies in applications extremely seriously, in line with our academic honesty policy. To ensure the integrity of our admissions, we only accept qualifications obtained at Ontario Secondary School Diploma schools that have gone through our robust verification process. China Gaokao - National Higher Education Entrance Examination Croatia Croatian Matura, 2010 and onwards Cyprus Pancyprian Examinations Czech Republic Vysvedceni o Maturitni Zkousce Denmark Studentereksamen Højere Forberedelseksame Højere Tekniskeksame Højere Handelseksame Egypt Egypt Final Examination Fiji Fiji Seventh Form Certificate (2012 and earlier) Fiji Year 13 Certificate (2013 onwards) Finland Ylioppilastutkintotodistus Studenteksamensbetyg France Baccalauréat Général Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement du Second Degre Diplôme de Bachelier de l'Enseignement du Second Degre Option Internationale du Baccalauréat (OIB) Germany Abiturientenzeugnis Reifezeugnis Zeugnis der Allgemeinen Hochschulreife Zeugnis der Reife Greece Panhellenic Examination for General Lyceum Hong Kong Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education, from 2012 onwards Completion of at least three Hong Kong Advanced Level subjects in one academic year, before 2013 Hungary Gimnaziumi Erettsegi Bizonyitvany Erettsegi Vizsga Matura Szakkozepiskolai Erettsegi Kepesity Bizonyitvany Iceland Studentsprof India All India Senior School Certificate (CBSE) Indian School Certificate (CISCE) Indian Higher Secondary Certificate (State board exams) Ireland Leaving Certificate Matriculation Certificate Israel Teudat Bagrut Italy Diploma di Maturita Classica Diploma Maturita Scientifica Diploma di Maturita Linguistica Japan National Center Test (Sentaa) Kenya Kenyan Certificate of Secondary Education Kenya Advanced Certificate of Education Kiribati, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Samoa and Solomon Islands South Pacific Form Seven Certificate Korea (South) Korea Republic College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) Lebanon Lebanese Baccalaureat Liechtenstein Liechtenstein Maturitatszeugnis Lithuania Brandos Atestatas Luxembourg Diplome de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires Macedonia Macedonian Secondary School Leaving Certificate or Matura, 2008 and onwards Malaysia Sijil Tinggi Perskolahan Malaysia (STPM) Malaysian Matriculation Certificate (Matrikulasi) Malaysian UEC Malta University of Malta Advanced Matriculation Examinations Montenegro Diploma o Završenok Srednjoj Školi Nepal Nepalese Higher Secondary Education Certificate Netherlands Voorbereidend Wetnschappelijik Onderwijs (VWO) New Zealand National Certificate in Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3 If you completed the NCEA Level 3, an Interstate Transfer Index (ITI) will be calculated by the New Zealand Qualifications Authority (NZQA) , and provided to UAC. This will be used in the admission process, provided you have fulfilled university entrance requirements as set by NZQA. Norway Examen Artium Vitnemal Den Videregaende Skole Eksamen fra Okonomisk Gymnas Poland Egzamin Maturalny (Liceum, Teknikum) Portugal Certificado de fim de Estudos Secundarios Diploma de Decimo Segundo Ano de Escolaridad Diploma Tecnico Profissional Romania Diploma de Bacalaureat (Maturitate) Scotland Scottish National Courses at Higher and Advanced Higher levels Serbia Diploma o Zavrsenok Srednjoj Skolij Singapore Singapore GCE A levels NUS High School Diploma (international students only) Slovak Republic Vysvedčenie o maturitnej skúške Slovenia (Republic of) Maturitetno Spricevalo Splošna matura South Africa JMB Matriculation Certificate South African Senior Certificate (prior to 2008) South African National Senior Certificate (2008 onwards) Spain Tecnico Especialista Curso pre-universitaria Curso de Orientacion Universitaria Titulo de Bachillerato with Prueba de Acceso a la Universidad Sri Lanka Sri Lankan GCE A levels Sweden Slutbetyg fran Gymnasieskolan Switzerland Federal Maturity Certificate (Certificate de Maturite) Baccalaureat Maturitatszeugnis Attestato di Maturita Taiwan Taiwan General Scholastic Aptitude Test (GSAT) Tanzania Tanzanian Advanced Certificate of Secondary Education Uganda Uganda Advanced Certificate of Education United Kingdom GCE A Levels Admission is based on results in up to four Advanced Level subjects in the General Certificate of Education (GCE) comparable qualifications. Cambridge Pre-University Diploma Accepted (from 2010 onwards) with required score. United States Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) examination or American College Test (ACT) with completion of a secondary education (high school) qualification. Domestic onshore students who have completed another recognised secondary qualification cannot apply with the SAT or ACT. Advanced Placement (AP) aggregate score based on a minimum of three and a maximum of four AP exams, with completion of a secondary education (high school) qualification, achieved the required GPA (based on 4.0 scale of an accredited US high school). Only AP scores of 3 or higher are included in the aggregate (Calculus AB subgrade will not be included). (International students only). Vietnam Vietnamese High School Graduation Certificate (Bằng tốt nghiệp THPT) with the required Grade 12 GPA from approved high schools (international students only) Zimbabwe Zimbabwe School Examinations Council (ZIMSEC) GCE A Levels Higher education study If you have studied at the tertiary level, you may be eligible for admission if you have: Studied in a bachelor's degree or equivalent or higher, and Have completed at least one year of full-time study (or part-time equivalent) within one degree. This is equal to a minimum of 48 credit points at the University of Sydney or the equivalent study load at other institutions. If you have not completed a full year, you will be assessed on your results in a recognised secondary education qualification. Completed this study at a recognised university or non-university higher education provider. Multiple qualifications If you have both a recognised secondary education qualification and a bachelor's degree, you will be assessed based on your best result. This means that if your ATAR or equivalent score in a secondary qualification is higher than your bachelor's degree result, your application will be considered based on your ATAR or equivalent score. Some double / dual degrees are not available If you've already started your bachelor's degree studies, the following courses are not available for application: Bachelor of Arts and Doctor of Medicine (double degree) Bachelor of Science and Doctor of Medicine (double degree) Bachelor of Arts (Dual Degree: Sciences Po, France) Bachelor of Economics (Dual Degree: Sciences Po, France) Bachelor of Veterinary Biology and Doctor of Veterinary Medicine* * You may be offered a place in Year 1 or 2 of the Bachelor of Veterinary Biology and Doctor of Veterinary Medicine if you're an eligible applicant with previous tertiary studies at the University of Sydney or other institutions listed on the course page. Otherwise, you are not eligible for admission or credit and should apply for graduate entry into the Doctor of Veterinary Medicine. No offers will be made from Year 3 onwards. Admission requirements Grading systems and calculations vary across different institutions, and the following grades represent the University of Sydney grading system - this is only a guide for eligibility to apply. In addition to the course selection rank, you are also required to meet any additional admission criteria listed on the course page. Bachelor's degree grade Eligibility to apply Pass average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 80.00 Credit average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 88.00 Distinction average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 94.00 High distinction average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 99.50 Credit for previous study You may be eligible for credit for previous study to carry across to your new degree. For international students The University has international articulation pathway arrangements with selected overseas universities and higher education institutions. These formal arrangements can help fast-track your studies by providing you with credit towards your degree. If your institution and program is listed, credit will be awarded as part of the application for admission. A separate application for credit is not required. Diplomas, advanced diplomas and VET qualifications We may consider the results of a completed diploma or advanced diploma, including vocational education and training (VET) qualifications at that level if: the qualification was accredited by the Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF) or an overseas equivalent at the time you were enrolled and your faculty accepts the qualification. In addition to the course selection rank, you are also required to meet any additional admission criteria listed on the course page. You can check AQF accreditation with the provider or look for an AQF accreditation symbol on your transcript of results or award certificate. AQF Diploma requirements The follow admission criteria is a guide only for eligibility to apply. Grading systems and calculations vary across different institutions and countries, and the University will assess and determine the equivalent requirements. Diploma grade Eligibility to apply Pass average (or overall competent) You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 75 Credit average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 81 Distinction average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 90 High distinction average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 95 AQF Advanced Diploma requirements The follow admission criteria is a guide only for eligibility to apply. Grading systems and calculations vary across different institutions and countries, and the University will assess and determine the equivalent requirements. Diploma grade Eligibility to apply Pass average (or overall competent) You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 76 Credit average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 83 Distinction average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 93 High distinction average You can apply to courses with a selection rank of up to 96.95 For domestic students aged 20 and below If you will be younger than 21 by the first time the study units of your prospective admission are finalised (called the census date ), you will also need to have completed the HSC or an equivalent acceptable secondary education qualification before your diploma will be considered. If you have completed the HSC but have not received an ATAR, your diploma can be considered. Faculty requirements The following faculties and schools accept any AQF diploma: Faculty of Science School of Economics Sydney Conservatorium of Music Sydney Dental School Sydney School of Education and Social Work The University of Sydney Business School The following faculties and schools accept relevant AQF diplomas only: Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences Faculty of Engineering Sydney Nursing School Sydney School of Architecture, Design and Planning Sydney School of Health Sciences Sydney School of Veterinary Science A relevant diploma means the diploma is from the same broad field of education as the degree you are applying for (check the field of education types listed by the Australian Government). If you're unsure that your diploma is relevant, contact admissions.office@sydney.edu.au with the details of your diploma and the University of Sydney course you want to apply for. The following faculties do not accept AQF diplomas: Sydney Law School Sydney Medical School Sydney Pharmacy School For international students The University has international articulation pathways from selected post-secondary qualifications at overseas universities, polytechnics and colleges. This includes polytechnics in Singapore. These formal arrangements can help fast-track your studies by providing you with credit towards your degree. My qualification isn't listed If you haven't completed a recognised qualification (as listed above), you may be able to gain admission through an enabling (preparation/foundation) program or entry scheme. Domestic students 18 years or older If you are aged 18 or older and have not followed a traditional secondary studies path, you may be able to apply for some courses through the Tertiary Preparation Certificate Entry Scheme or STAT Entry Scheme . 21 years or older (mature-age) If you are aged 21 or older, without a recognised qualification, you may be able to gain admission through an approved preparation program via the Mature-age Entry Scheme . Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander If you are an Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander student, you can apply through the Gadigal Entry Program . It offers strong student support and entry to your course with a lower ATAR requirement. International students From the University of Sydney Completing the University of Sydney Preparation Programs (USPP) may help you become eligible to apply for your course. This program is available in intensive or standard formats, which are designed for applicants with high academic achievements. From other universities and institutions (in Australia and globally) Program Recognised delivery locations Foundation programs offered by Group of Eight universities Australia Foundation programs offered by Australian and New Zealand public university faculties/schools Australia, New Zealand AIAC Foundation Program offered by Aceleader Education Group China University of South Pacific programs Fiji Malaysian Foundation Programs listed as MQR-registered programs Malaysia Preparatory Year Samoa Foundation programs offered by UK Russell Group universities United Kingdom Advanced International Certificate of Education at the University of Cambridge United Kingdom Foundation programs administered by the Study Group International United Kingdom, Europe, USA, Canada St. Andrew's College Cambridge Foundation Course offered by the UK Foundation Network (UKFN) United Kingdom, South Korea Degree Pathway Programme offered by Kings Education United Kingdom, Vietnam, South Korea, Albania, Myanmar, Thailand Stay informed Key dates, event invites and more - we'll keep you in the loop. ispopup: true Subscribe ispopup: false Contact us