Library Current students Staff intranet Find an event Give Contact us Study Research Engage with us About us News & opinion false Study false false Applying false false Application and semester dates true true 50% Application and semester dates Discover when to apply and when courses commence. m-hero--simple false Application dates Check individual course pages _self Check individual course pages for accurate information, and apply early as applications may close once capacity is reached. Course date variations h3 cmp-callout--informational-blue Undergraduate Domestic students Domestic students apply through the Universities Admissions Centre (UAC) and not directly to the University of Sydney. Check the UAC website for key dates , including when to submit your application and payment. Important notes and exceptions If you are applying for a Sciences Po Dual Degree or a diploma, you need to apply directly to the University of Sydney, even if you are applying through UAC for your other preferences. International students Generally, applications open two years before the semester start date . Closing dates are listed in the following table. Application closing date Semester 1 (Feb) 1 December of the year prior to commencement Semester 2 (Aug) 29 May of the commencing year Important notes and exceptions Most international students apply directly to the University of Sydney, but you need to apply through UAC and follow their key dates if you're currently studying for one of the following: an Australian Year 12 qualification (for example, the NSW Higher School Certificate) in or outside Australia an International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma in Australia. Postgraduate Generally, applications open two years before the semester start date . Closing dates are listed in the following table. Semester 1 (Feb) Semester 2 (Aug) Domestic students 31 January of the commencing year 15 July of the commencing year International students 18 December of the year prior to commencement 29 May of the commencing year Exceptions Closing dates differ for some courses, such as the Doctor of Medicine and the Doctor of Dental Medicine. For confirmation, refer to your course page . Research We accept applications year-round, but deadlines vary by course. For exact dates, please check the individual course page you're interested in. Applicants are advised to apply at least six to eight weeks before the start date to allow sufficient time for processing and, if necessary, to submit your visa application. Separate scholarship application deadlines apply. Please also check your faculty application deadlines, as some may vary. Honours Semester Applications open Applications close Semester 1 (Feb) 30 August of the year prior to commencement 15 January Semester 2 (Aug) 31 January of the commencing year 25 June Semester start dates These are the standard start dates for coursework and honours degrees. 2026 start dates Semester 1 23 February 2026 Semester 2 3 August 2026 Important notes and exceptions The following courses vary from the standard start date, with most commencing earlier. Students will receive a confirmed start date within their offer letter. Doctor of Dental Medicine Doctor of Medicine Doctor of Clinical Dentistry (all streams, including embedded graduate diplomas and graduate certificates) Doctor of Physiotherapy Doctor of Veterinary Medicine Graduate Certificate in Pharmacy Practice Master of Speech Language Pathology Master of Indigenous Languages Education Applying How to apply International student applications English language requirements Centre for English Teaching Preparation programs International articulation pathways Contact our regional experts Authorised agents Undergraduate applications (Domestic) Selection rank Mathematics course prerequisites Completing the MOOC for mathematics Recognised qualifications Honours applications (Domestic) Postgraduate coursework applications (Domestic) Postgraduate research applications (Domestic) Admission pathways and programs Academic Excellence Scheme Dalyell Scholars Educational Access Scheme Elite Athletes and Performers Scheme Extended Bachelor's Programs Future Leaders Scheme Gadigal Entry Program Mature-age Entry Scheme MySydney Entry and Scholarship Scheme Regional and Remote Entry Scheme Special Consideration for Admission Scheme Transferring students Skills for Tertiary Admissions Test Scheme Tertiary Preparation Certificate Entry Scheme Recognition of prior learning Application and semester dates Continue your application Accepting your offer Defer your offer Apply for a visa Under-18 International Student Visa holders Stay informed Key dates, event invites and more - we'll keep you in the loop. ispopup: true Subscribe ispopup: false Contact us