Library Current students Staff intranet Find an event Give Contact us Study Research Engage with us About us News & opinion false Study false false Applying false false How to apply false false International student applications false false Preparation programs true true /content/dam/corporate/images/faculty-of-engineering-and-information-technologies/study/pg-p/student-studying-online.jpg 50% Preparation programs Admission pathway for international undergraduate applicants m-hero--style-3 800.534.2x.jpeg 1600w, 1280.1280.jpeg 1280w, 440.293.2x.jpeg 880w, 220.147.2x.jpeg 440w false If you're unable to meet the minimum academic requirements for undergraduate study, the University of Sydney Preparation Programs could be your ticket to study with us. Delivered at Taylors College on behalf of the University of Sydney (and in partnership with Navitas), these enabling and preparation programs provide a pathway to university study if you do not have the qualifications or grades to gain direct admission to a course. You will be eligible to apply for our courses after completing one of our two programs. _self Taylors College h2 Learn more and apply cmp-call-to-action--grey What are the advantages? These enabling courses ensure you achieve the strong academic foundation needed to enter the University of Sydney and thrive in your university studies. Advantages include: Security An offer of a place at the University if you successfully complete the program and meet the requirements of your chosen course. Some courses have a limited number of places available. Admission to these courses can only be guaranteed while places are still available and where the course is being offered. Relevance A program designed by the University which includes subjects that prepare you for your degree, and any other subjects of wider interest to you. Quality assurance The University oversees the setting and moderation of all examinations, so you are assured of the highest quality assessment. Academic and personal support Taylors College staff will assist you with settling into life in Australia and support you to achieve your academic goals. Each intake has student advisers who are available to help you with academic or personal issues. There are also careers advisers, welfare counsellors, nurses and first-aid officers onsite to care for your health and wellbeing. How to apply You can apply directly via the Taylors College website . It's important to remember that some university courses have limited places and may have additional admission criteria. Before you apply, check the admission criteria for your chosen degree . Not just about study The University of Sydney Preparation Programs offer support beyond the classroom. Arriving in a foreign country can be overwhelming, which is why an airport pick-up service is available as well as emergency contact numbers. Taylors College Sydney also offers welfare counselling and has an on-campus health centre. Their student activity program hosts a range of social and cultural outings, so you are introduced to Sydney and your classmates. Staff at Taylors College Sydney do their best to make you feel at home throughout your studies. Connect with us Submit enquiry false /content/dam/icons/approved-icons/phone-text-message.svg 965 Bourke Street, Waterloo, NSW 2017 false /content/dam/icons/approved-icons/location-pin.svg University of Sydney Foundation Program - Standard Course CRICOS Course Code: 022310D University of Sydney Foundation Program - Standard Intensive CRICOS Course Code: 036126M University of Sydney High Achievers Preparation Program CRICOS Course Code: 089556F The University also accepts a range of partner preparatory programs, including those delivered by the Group of Eight and Russell Group universities. You can find more information on the recognised qualifications page . Navitas Australia Pty Limited (formerly named Study Group Australia) (CRICOS Provider Code: 01682E, TEQSA Provider Code: PRV12044), trading as Taylors College Sydney, delivers the University of Sydney Preparation Programs on behalf of the University of Sydney (CRICOS Provider Code: 00026A, TEQSA Provider Code PRV12057).