Library Current students Staff intranet Find an event Give Contact us Study Research Engage with us About us News & opinion false Study false false Applying false false Admission pathways and programs true true /content/dam/corporate/ex/images/hero-crop/brand-campaign/hero-imagery-danielle.jpg 50% Admission pathways and entry schemes There's more than one way to gain entry to your dream degree m-hero--simple 1440.720.2x.jpeg 2880w, 220.110.2x.jpeg 440w, 1280.1280.jpeg 1280w, 440.220.2x.jpeg 880w, 800.400.2x.jpeg 1600w false Our admission pathways, entry schemes and programs help you make the most of your ATAR by recognising your circumstances, high school achievements and other abilities and activities. How can an entry scheme or admission pathway benefit me? The entry scheme or pathway you are eligible for will depend on your circumstances. In some cases, an entry scheme might award adjustment factors to boost your selection rank. Other schemes let you provide additional information to support your application - such as a creative portfolio or evidence of how your studies have been impacted. Select from the following to see specific pathways, programs and schemes: Equity schemes Merit schemes Indigenous pathways Non-school pathways Creative skills Other pathways Frequently asked questions Equity schemes If you're from a regional, remote or low socio-economic area, or have experienced educational disadvantage or disrupted studies, these schemes can help increase your access to the University. MySydney Entry and Scholarship Scheme false Regional and Remote Entry Scheme false Educational Access Scheme (EAS) false Special Consideration for Admission Scheme false 50 automatic Link 50 manual Link Recognising your achievements We take all of your achievements into consideration, including exceptional performance academically or as an athlete or performer. Elite Athletes and Performers Scheme false Academic Excellence Scheme false Future Leaders Scheme false Indigenous pathways If you are an Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander student, these schemes can help you study at Sydney. Extended Bachelor's Programs false Gadigal Program false Direct entry for the Bachelor of Oral Health false 50 automatic Link 50 automatic Link Non-school pathways Domestic applicants aged 21 or older who do not hold a recognised qualification can apply for eligible undergraduate degrees through the Mature-age Entry Scheme . If you are aged 18 or older and have not followed a traditional secondary studies path, you can apply for some courses through these schemes: Tertiary Preparation Certificate Entry Scheme STAT Entry Scheme Creative skills If you are an architecture, design, music or visual arts applicant, you can use these pathways to demonstrate talent or creative skills that supports your application. Creative Arts Special Admission Scheme (music) false Creative Arts Special Admission Scheme (visual arts) false Portfolio admission pathway (architecture and design) false 50 automatic Link Other pathways If you don't meet the eligibility criteria of your chosen course, you may still be able to study something similar or find another way to get into the course. Apply if you are close to the entry requirement Always list your most preferred course as your highest preference, even if you don't meet the entry requirements. You might still receive an offer of admission based on your rank (i.e. below the published selection rank), depending on the availability of places. You may also be eligible for adjustment factors you are unaware of - which would make you eligible to receive an offer. Ensure you have a course you are confident you meet the requirements for as your fifth preference to maximise your chance of receiving an offer. Apply for a similar course Apply for a course that allows you to study what you want or, something similar. One way to do this is to see if another course allows you access to our shared pool of majors and minors . The shared pool gives you the flexibility to study your desired major through a different course. For example, you can enrol in a Bachelor of Arts and study finance as your second major, a minor or an elective. Transferring Complete the first year of another course with a lower selection rank then apply to transfer into your preferred course. If your grades from your first year are better than your ATAR (or equivalent), you'll be assessed for admission based on them. If the units of study from your first year are relevant to your new degree, you can apply for them to be credited towards that course. Complete another recognised qualification See which other qualifications we recognise for admission into our undergraduate degrees. Complete a new eligible qualification and apply with it. Graduate entry If you do not receive an offer to the undergraduate course of your choosing, you may still be able to study your area of interest through a postgraduate course . This option is available if you want to gain a professional qualification in areas including, but not limited to, dentistry, medicine, nursing, psychology, teaching, physiotherapy, diagnostic radiography, speech pathology, occupational therapy and veterinary medicine. E.g. If you do not receive the ATAR (or equivalent) for admission to the Bachelor of Laws, you can complete a bachelor's degree from another discipline and then apply for admission to the Juris Doctor. Graduate entry is competitive and varies depending on the degree. Check the admission criteria for your specific course . Note: Commonwealth Supported Places (CSPs) are limited for postgraduate study and are awarded based on academic merit. Frequently asked questions What are selection ranks and adjustment factors? If you receive an Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR), your selection rank is your ATAR plus any adjustment factors you receive. Selection rank = ATAR + adjustment factors If you are applying with a recognised, non-ATAR qualification it will be assessed and converted into an ATAR-equivalent selection rank by UAC. If you are eligible for adjustment factors, these will be added to this rank. Am I a domestic or international applicant? You are a domestic student if you are an Australian or New Zealand citizen (including dual citizens), a permanent resident of Australia or a holder of a permanent Australian humanitarian visa or a Pacific Engagement visa. You are an international student if you do not meet the above domestic student criteria. Can I apply for postgraduate study through these schemes? All entry schemes are for entry into eligible undergraduate courses only unless otherwise stated. Can I combine points across admission pathway schemes? No. If you are eligible for multiple entry schemes you will be awarded the adjustment factors from the scheme that is of highest benefit to you, but you cannot combine adjustment factors from different schemes. What is a current school leaver? A current school leaver means you are applying for a course at the University during your final year of secondary education (i.e. Year 12 or equivalent). Who can I contact for more information? Contact admission.pathways@sydney.edu.au if you have any questions. Stay informed Key dates, event invites and more - we'll keep you in the loop. ispopup: true Subscribe ispopup: false Contact us