Library Current students Staff intranet Find an event Give Contact us Study Research Engage with us About us News & opinion false Study false false Fees, costs and loans false false Additional costs true true 50% Additional costs, fees and incidentals In addition to tuition fees, you need to consider other study-related expenses and administrative fees. m-hero--simple false For all students Student services and amenities fee (SSAF) You pay the student services and amenities fee (SSAF) each semester to fund non-academic services and to support University programs. Rates are determined by the Australian Government and set on an annual basis. Loan for domestic students If you're a domestic student, you can apply to defer all or part of your SSAF through the SA-HELP government loan . Materials and equipment Most courses and units of study have required or recommended course materials and equipment , such as textbooks, readers and clothing. Living costs You need to account for living costs such as accommodation, food and lifestyle expenses. Check our living costs guide for estimates. Surcharges, overdue fees and penalties Certain payment methods may have surcharges. You may also be charged an overdue fee or penalty for late payments. How to pay your fees false Overdue fees and penalties false International students only Overseas student health cover (OSHC) Overseas student health cover (OSHC) is required for international student visa holders who are studying in Australia. The cost of your cover will depend on your circumstances and the duration of your stay. You will be required to pay or give proof of your OSHC during acceptance of your offer. Application processing fee You need to pay a non-refundable application processing fee of A$150.00 . This fee covers all applications made within one year (two semesters or four research periods). Exemptions You don't have to pay the application processing fee if you are any of the following: A current student at the University In the application form, answer "Yes" to the question "Are you currently enrolled at the University?" and enter your student ID number. Recipient of a full scholarship or sponsorship In the application form, upload a copy of your financial guarantee letter in the scholarships section. An eligible applicant who has attended a recruitment event or roadshow , has proved they meet the entry requirements for their course and has a signed fee waiver form. After confirming the information you've provided, we'll waive the fee at the University's discretion. Generally, fee waivers are not available for programs that have a quota. Payment options You can pay the fee by Visa or MasterCard by completing the secure online credit card payment screen at the end of the online application form. Fees, costs and loans International student tuition fees Domestic student tuition fees Commonwealth supported places (CSPs) Additional costs Overseas student health cover Living costs Scholarships Sydney International Student Award Financial assistance International student loan schemes Stay informed Key dates, event invites and more - we'll keep you in the loop. ispopup: true Subscribe ispopup: false Contact us