Library Current students Staff intranet Find an event Give Contact us Study Research Engage with us About us News & opinion false Study false false Fees, costs and loans false false Scholarships false false Sydney International Student Award true true /content/dam/people/students/_33i4200_1.jpg 50% Sydney International Student Award Receive a 20% contribution to your tuition fees m-hero--style-1 2000.1333.2x.jpeg 4000w, 1280.1280.jpeg 1280w, 440.293.2x.jpeg 880w, 1440.960.2x.jpeg 2880w, 800.533.2x.jpeg 1600w, 220.147.2x.jpeg 440w false This award recognises the academic achievements of applicants from selected countries and regions. The Sydney International Student Award celebrates our diverse and talented community of international students. We want to help motivated applicants achieve their personal and academic goals by supporting their studies at the University of Sydney. Recipients will be awarded a University contribution of 20 percent of their tuition fee for the duration of their course. After receiving my conditional offer from the University of Sydney, I applied for the Sydney International Student Award, which provides a 20% reduction in tuition fees for the duration of my course. The application [process] was fairly straightforward, requiring only a short motivational essay, and it did not take long before receiving a revised offer with my award. Stacey Fon Sing Bachelor of Commerce Check you are eligible To be eligible for this award, you must: be an international student hold citizenship in one of the countries or regions listed below receive admission into a full-time undergraduate coursework or postgraduate coursework degree, commencing in 2027* not be an Australian or New Zealand citizen, or a permanent resident of Australia not have already started a degree at the University of Sydney at the time that you apply for the award. However, you are eligible if you are completing a degree here and are applying for the award with a second degree. This award is not available for the Master of Business Administration (MBA), Executive MBA (EMBA), study abroad, executive education programs, or courses offered in distance mode or to students participating in a Law Dual Degree pathway program. Eligible countries by region Africa Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Republic of Cote d'lvoire Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan St Helena Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe Central Asia Afghanistan Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan East Asia Japan Mongolia South Korea South Asia Bangladesh India Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Southeast Asia Cambodia Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Philippines Thailand Vietnam Western Asia Lebanon Turkey Eastern Europe Albania Armenia Belarus Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Cyprus Estonia Georgia Greece Hungary Kosovo Latvia Lithuania The Republic of North Macedonia Moldova Montenegro Poland Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Russia Ukraine South and Central America Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda Bolivia, Plurinational State of Brazil Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Grenada Guatemala Guyana Haiti Honduras Jamaica Mexico Montserrat Nicaragua Panama Paraguay Peru St Kitts and Nevis St Lucia St Vincent and the Grenadines Suriname Trinidad and Tobago Uruguay Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of How to apply Apply for your chosen degree Explore our easy-to-follow guide on how to submit your application to study with us. Apply as an international student Submit a personal statement As part of the application process for your chosen degree, you will be asked to submit a personal statement using this template (docx, 64KB) to apply for the Award. In this personal statement, you will be asked to: Tell us about yourself (maximum 200 words) Tell us what has inspired you to apply to the University (maximum 200 words) Tell us what you want to achieve with your studies at the University or how it will help you to achieve your goals (maximum 200 words). If you are successful in receiving the Award, you will be advised when you receive your offer of admission via email. The Award contribution will be applied to your tuition fee in your admissions offer letter. Terms and conditions Background The Sydney International Student Awards are available to international students from select markets to recognise the exceptional quality of our students and the strategic importance of those markets for the future of the University. The Award is open to all commencing students from the defined markets enrolled full time in an undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degree. Eligibility To be eligible for the Award, applicants must be an international student as defined in the Higher Education Support Act 2003. This excludes Australian citizens and permanent residence. Applicants must hold citizenship of one of the countries listed as eligible for the Award. Proof of residency will be required. Countries within Africa, South & Central America, Central Asia (Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan etc), Eastern Europe as well as Bangladesh, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Philippines, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Turkey and Vietnam. Applicants must have an offer of admission for a new undergraduate coursework or postgraduate coursework degree at the University of Sydney at the time of application for the Award. Applicants commencing a second degree at the University of Sydney are eligible to apply. Applicants can hold a conditional award offer, but it will only transition to a full Award when they meet all of the criteria for their course and the Award. The Award is not applicable to students studying in MBA, EMBA, Study Abroad or Executive Education programs, or courses offered in distance mode or to students participating in a Law Dual Degree pathway program. Research degrees may only be included where agreements already with eligible sponsors or by approval by the delegate authority. The Award is only applicable to degrees where tuition fees are payable to the University of Sydney. The Award is applicable to new commencements in 2027. Selection criteria To be successful in obtaining the Award, applicants will need to meet the entry criteria for the University and complete a personal statement as part of the application process for admission to an undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degree. The personal statement should not exceed 200 words for each of these sections: Tell us about yourself Tell us what has inspired you to apply to the University of Sydney Tell us what you want to achieve with your studies at the University of Sydney or how it will help you to achieve your goals Applicants from eligible countries will be prompted to apply for the Sydney International Student Award in their application process. Applicants who do not fulfil the criteria of the Award will be offered a place without the Award being applied to their offer and cannot retrospectively apply for the Award after commencement. Value Award recipients will receive a 20 percent contribution of their tuition fee from the University for the duration of their course. No payment will be made directly to the student, the Award will be applied to the applicants' offer which will reduce the applicants' overall tuition fee liability. No other amount is payable. Ongoing eligibility To continue receipt of the Award, the recipient must have no outstanding fees. The Award is transferable to another major or degree offered at the University of Sydney but is not transferrable to another University. If a student transfers to another degree at the University of Sydney, it is the student's responsibility to ensure that the Award has been transferred to their changed enrolment. If the Award has not been transferred, the student should immediately notify the Student Centre. The Award cannot be retrospectively applied to the tuition fees for a given semester once the census date of that semester has passed. Termination The Award will be terminated if the recipient: withdraws from an eligible course or fails to enrol; becomes a domestic student or obtains Australian Permanent Residency or changes citizenship to a non-eligible country; commences part-time study without prior approval; fails to complete their course in the given timeframe indicated in their Certificate of Enrolment (CoE); is determined by the University to be guilty of serious misconduct, including, but not limited to, having provided false or misleading information as part of their application; or any other provision as indicated in these terms that would lead to termination. Other requirements Award recipients may be invited to promote the program in which they are enrolled as well as represent the University of Sydney at student events, marketing events and corporate networking events. The costs of representing the University of Sydney at these functions will be met by the University of Sydney. When writing your statement, really express who you are, as well as stating why you want to study the major you chose. A tip I received from my mentor is to research the school's program for your chosen major and explain why it interests you and how it helps you achieve your career or life goals. Minh Nguyen Bachelor of Psychology /content/dam/people/students/_33i4442-copy.jpg Stay connected Register your interest We want to help motivated applicants to achieve their personal and academic goals. Sign up and get timely email reminders for application dates, deadlines, and more. Register your interest # /content/experience-fragments/corporate/study/lead_gen_mql/lead-gen-form-data/master