SPRING 2027 ADMISSIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL APPLICANTS 이 화 여 자 대 학 교 EWHA WOMANS UNIVERSITY SPRING 2027 ADMISSIONS GUIDE FOR INTERNATIONAL APPLICANTS Ⅰ. Admissions Timeline Ⅱ. Academic Programs & Departments Ⅲ. Eligibility Ⅳ. Selection Process Ⅴ. Required Documents Ⅵ. Application Fee Ⅶ. Important Information for Applicants Ⅷ. Scholarships Ⅸ. Tuition Fees Ⅹ. Housing Information XI. Relevant Departments and Contact Information XII. Campus Map ※ Key Changes and Important Notes ※  Key Changes made for international applicants starting Spring 2027 College of Music Performance Evaluation For the Department of Voice (Undergraduate) and the Voice (Voice and Choral Conducting)(Graduate), applicants must participate in the in-person interview and performance evaluation. Separate submission of performance materials is not accepted anymore. ※ Please refer to the Performance Evaluation Materials section under the Required Documents for the schedule and detailed information (p. 21). Undergraduate Admission Additional Recruitment Majors College of Nursing(Nursing, Global Health Nursing) Undergraduate Transfer Admission Additional Recruitment Majors College of Nursing(Nursing, Global Health Nursing), Division of Artificial Intelligence & Data Science(Artificial Intelligence, Data Science) Change of Recruitment Majors Division of Molecular Life and Chemical Sciences(Chemistry & Nano Science, Department of Life Science) → Chemistry & Nano Science, Department of Life Science Graduate Admission Additional Recruitment Majors Departm ent Genetic Counseling Major Graduate Program in Regulatory Science Convergence, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major, Graduate Program in Smart Factory, Fashion Arts Change of Recruitment Majors Departm ent Electronic & Electrical Engineering, Intelligent Semi-conductor Engineering → Division of Electronics and Semiconductor Engineering Major Artificial Intelligence Convergence Major → Artificial Intelligence Discontinued Programs Departm ent East Asian Studies, Behavioral and Social Economics, Computational Medicine Major Fashion Design TOEFL iBT Score Requirement For applicants required to submit proof of English proficiency, those submitting TOEFL iBT scores must meet the following requirements: 1. TOEFL iBT 80 or higher(for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, a score of 4.0 or higher) Reflection of School Violence Disciplinary Measures For applicants who have attended a high school in Korea and are required to submit a School Life Record, if disciplinary measures for school violence are recorded in the School Life Record: 1. Measures No. 1-7: 10%-60% of the total admission score will be deducted, depending on the level of disciplinary measure. 2. Measures No. 8-9: The applicant will be deemed ineligible for admission. (Please refer to p.16 for details)  Important Notes Eligibility This admissions guide pertains only to Undergraduate and The General Graduate School admissions for international applicants at Ewha Womans University; admissions for international applicants refers to the admissions process for non-Korean nationals whose parents are both non-Korean. For information on the admissions process for Professional & Special Graduate Schools, please see the admissions guide of respective graduate schools. Application and Submission Applicants may apply to only one program of study. The application is considered complete only after the application fee has been paid and an application number has been assigned. Applicants must keep a record of their application number. Document Upload Please fill out your application form online and upload your documents in PDF format. Documents issued in a language other than Korean or English must be uploaded together with a notarized Korean or English translation. No Changes After Completion of Application Once the online application process (including document upload and application fee payment) is complete, you will not be allowed to modify, replace, or cancel your application or documents. Submission of Original Documents After Preliminary Admission Should you be offered preliminary admission, you must then submit original hard copies of all documents in person or by post by the designated deadline. Academic documents issued in a country other than Korea must be submitted after you have completed authentication procedures, i.e. Apostille or Consular authentication, and in case of Chinese academic documents, CHSI verification; please see pages 23-26. Depending on the organization, the authentication process may take a long time; thus, please have all documents prepared in advance so you can promptly submit them upon the announcement of preliminary admissions decisions. No extension of the submission deadline or other exception will be granted due to delays in obtaining an Apostille or consular authentication. Applicants Expected to Graduate from Overseas Institutions To ensure timely arrival in Korea after being offered admission, you must submit final and authenticated academic documents no later than one month before the start of the semester; the documents must contain information about the fact that you have graduated. Please make sure to check whether you are able to submit your final academic documents no later than one month before the start of the semester. - 1 I Admissions Timeline 1. Admissions Procedures & Timeline: The information below is subject to change (Korean Standard Time). Admissions Procedures Dates Cautions A P P L I C A T I O N Online Application Wednesday, September 2, 2026 13:00 - Thursday, October 8, 2026 17:00 • 100% Online: International Student Affairs Team website (isa.ewha.ac.kr) > Admissions > Announcements • Application form: fill out online, Required documents: upload in PDF format. • Your application will be considered complete only after you have paid the application fee and an application number has been assigned to you. • The deadline for both the online application form and the application fee is 5:00pm on the final day of the application period. Online Submission of Recommendation Letter Wednesday, September 2, 2026 13:00 - Thursday, October 8, 2026 17:00 • For graduate program applicants only; not mandatory but encouraged (not for undergraduate applicants) • The recommendation letter must be written by a professor from the applicant's previous university. The recommender does not have to be the applicant's academic advisor, but must be a professor who has taught or supervised the applicant, including retired professors. • An email request for a recommendation letter (through the provided recommendation submission site) will be sent to the recommender when submitting an online application. • Only those recommendation letters submitted through the designated website will be accepted. (submission by post, email, fax will not be accepted) Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities (by post or in person) Wednesday, September 2, 2026 13:00 - Thursday, October 8, 2026 17:00 • For applicants to the following departments only: College of Music(excluding undergraduate Vocal Department and graduate Vocal majors (Voice, Choral Conducting)), College of Art & Design, Division of Kinesiology & Sports Studies, Content Convergence (Media Design) • Must be submitted to the International Student Affairs Team in person or by post. E V A L U A T I O N Interview and Practical Exam Saturday, October 24, 2026 • For applicants to the following departments only: Undergraduate Vocal Department and Graduate Vocal majors (Voice and Choral Conducting) • 100% Offline in-person audition without submission of materials artistic or athletic abilities (Zoom interviews are not available) ▼ Preliminary Admissions Friday, November 13, 2026 17:00 • Announcement of Preliminary Admissions Decisions: International Student Affairs Team website - 2 A N N O U N C E M E N T Decisions Announced (isa.ewha.ac.kr) > Admissions > Announcements Submission of Original Documents Monday, November 16, 2026 9:00 - Friday, November 27, 2026 17:00 • Original hard copies of documents uploaded during the application period must be submitted in person or by post. • Complete or partial failure to submit original documents may result in revocation of preliminary admission. • Applicants subject to the condition of completing a level 4 program at a Korean language institute must submit their level 4 completion certificate as an original document or via email (isadmit@ewha.ac.kr) by Friday, November 27, 2026. Failure to submit them will result in revocation of preliminary admission. Conditional Language Certificate Submission (TOPIK) Thursday, December 10, 2026 - Friday, December 11, 2026 24:00 • Only applicable to those who meet the TOPIK Level 4 qualification requirements • Must be submitted via email to the International Student Affairs Team(isadmit@ewha.ac.kr) within the designated period. Failure to submit will result in revocation of preliminary admission. Final Admissions & Scholarship Decisions Announced Friday, December 18, 2026 17:00 • Announcement of Final Admissions Decisions: International Student Affairs Team website (isa.ewha.ac.kr) > Admissions > Announcements • Applicants who are offered final admission must carefully read the notice for accepted students and proceed with the necessary steps for enrollment and visa issuance, such as the submission of the statement of intent to register, submission of final academic documents and proof of financial ability, tuition payment, etc. ▼ T U I T I O N Enrollment (Tuition Payment) January 2027 • Detailed instructions on payment period and procedures will be provided to accepted students via email. - 3 Ⅱ Academic Programs & Departments 1. Undergraduate Programs (Freshman) ※ Undergraduate applicants must select a "Major" when applying. If there is no major specified in the table below, please select a "Division/Department" instead. ※ From 2025, All Undergraduate (Freshman) students (except for Division of International Studies and Division of Nursing) must enroll in the Global Scholars Program within the HOKMA College of General Educatio n for at least one year (2 semesters) and then proceed to their degree curriculum. ※ Information below is subject to change. College Division/Department Major College of Liberal Arts Korean Language and Literature Chinese Language and Literature French Language and Literature German Language and Literature History Philosophy Christian Studies** English Language and Literature College of Social Sciences Political Science & International Relations Public Administration Economics Library & Information Science Sociology Social Welfare Psychology Consumer Studies Communication & Media College of Natural Sciences Mathematics Statistics Physics Chemistry & Nano Science Department of Life Science College of Engineering Division of Electronic & Semiconductor Engineering Electronic and Electrical Engineering Semiconductor Engineering Food Science & Biotechnology Department of Chemical Engineering & Materials Science Architecture (5-year program) Department of Architectural & Urban Systems Engineering Department of Environmental Science & Engineering Climate and Energy Systems Engineering - 4 College Division/Department Major Department of Mechanical & Biomedical Engineering College of Music Keyboard Instruments Orchestral Instruments Voice Composition Korean Music Dance College of Art and Design Fine Arts Korean Painting Painting Sculpture Ceramic Arts Division of Design Space Design Visual Communication Design Industrial Design Media Interaction Design Fiber Fashion Fiber Arts Fashion Design College of Business Administration Business Administration College of Science & Industry Convergence Content Convergence Fashion Industry International Office Administration Nutritional Science & Food Management Health Convergence Kinesiology & Sports Studies Sports Science Global Sports Management College of Nursing Nursing Nursing Global Health Nursing Scranton College International Studies International Studies* Global Korean Studies* College of Artificial Intelligence Computer Science and Engineering Cyber Security Division of Artificial Intelligence & Data Science Artificial Intelligence Data Science * Majors marked with an asterisk: All major courses are conducted in English (with a number of mandatory liberal arts courses conducted in Korean). ** In the Department of Christian Studies, transferring to another department after admission is not allowed - 5 2. Undergraduate Programs (Transfer) ※ Undergraduate applicants must select a "Major" when applying. If there is no major specified in the table below, please select a "Division/Department" instead. ※ Information below is subject to change. College Division/Department Major College of Liberal Arts Korean Language and Literature Chinese Language and Literature French Language and Literature German Language and Literature History Philosophy Christian Studies** English Language and Literature College of Social Sciences Political Science & International Relations Public Administration Economics Library & Information Science Sociology Social Welfare Psychology Consumer Studies Communication & Media College of Natural Sciences Mathematics Statistics Physics Chemistry & Nano Science Department of Life Science College of Engineering Division of Electronic & Semiconductor Engineering Electronic and Electrical Engineering Semiconductor Engineering Food Science & Biotechnology Department of Chemical Engineering & Materials Science Architecture (5-year program) Department of Architectural & Urban Systems Engineering Department of Environmental Science & Engineering Climate and Energy Systems Engineering Department of Mechanical & Biomedical Engineering College of Music Keyboard Instruments - 6 College Division/Department Major Orchestral Instruments Voice Composition Korean Music Dance College of Art and Design Fine Arts Korean Painting Painting Sculpture Ceramic Arts Division of Design Space Design Visual Communication Design Industrial Design Media Interaction Design Fiber Fashion Fiber Arts Fashion Design College of Business Administration Business Administration College of Science & Industry Convergence Content Convergence Fashion Industry International Office Administration Nutritional Science & Food Management Health Convergence Kinesiology & Sports Studies Sports Science Global Sports Management College of Nursing Nursing Nursing Global Health Nursing Scranton College International Studies International Studies* Global Korean Studies* College of Artificial Intelligence Computer Science and Engineering Cyber Security Division of Artificial Intelligence & Data Science Artificial Intelligence Data Science * Majors marked with an asterisk: All major courses are conducted in English (with a number of mandatory liberal arts courses conducted in Korean). ** In the Department of Christian Studies, transferring to another department after admission is not allowed - 7 3. Graduate Programs (Master's, Doctoral, Combined Master's and Doctoral) ※ Applicants to graduate programs must select a "Major" when applying. ※ Information below is subject to change. Field Department /Division Programs Major M a s ter's Doctoral C o m bined Master's Doctoral & Combined Master's and Doctoral Hum anities & Social Sciences Korean Language & Literature O O X Korean Linguistics, Korean Language & Literature Korean Linguistics, Korean Classical Literature, Korean Modern Literature Chinese Language & Literature O O O Chinese Language & Literature Chinese Literature, Chinese Linguistics English Language & Literature O O O Literature, Linguistics Literature, Linguistics French Language & Literature O O X French Literature, French Linguistics French Literature, French Linguistics German Language & Literature O O X German Literature, German Linguistics German Literature, German Linguistics Christian Studies O O X Christian Studies, Pastoral Counseling Psychotherapy Biblical Theology, Systematic Theology, Christian Ethics, Christian Education, Pastoral Counseling Psychotherapy, Church History, Liturgical Studies Philosophy O O O Western Philosophy, Oriental Philosophy Western Philosophy, Oriental Philosophy History O O O Korean History, Asian History, Western History Korean History, Asian History, Western History History of Art O O O Art History and Museology History of Korean Art, History of Asian Art, History of Western Art, History of Modern and Contemporary Art Political Science & International Relations O O O Political Science & Diplomacy Political Philosophy, Comparative Politics, International Politics, Korean Politics Public Administration O O O Public Administration Public Management, Public Policy Economics O O O Economics Industrial Organization, Labor Economics, Consumer Economics, Public Finance, Money and Banking, International Trade, International Finance, Econometrics, Financial Economics, Environmental Economics Library and Information Science O O O Library and Information Science, Archives and Records Management Library and Information Science, Information Science, Bibliography, - 8 Field Department /Division Programs Major M a s ter's Doctoral C o m bined Master's Doctoral & Combined Master's and Doctoral Hum anities & Social Sciences Archives and Records Management Sociology O O O Sociology Sociology Social Welfare O O O Social Welfare Social Welfare Psychology O O O Psychology Develomental and Developmental-Clinical Psychology, Counseling Psychology, Cognitive Psychology, Consumer and Advertising Psychology, psychological measurement Consumer Studies O O O Consumer Studies Consumer Studies Communication & Media O O O Communication & Media, Graduate Program in Children and Media Journalism & Communication, Strategic Communication, Digital Media & Cultural Communication, Graduate Program in Children and Media Women's Studies O O O Women's Studies Women's Studies Child Development O O O Child Development & Intervention, Graduate Program in Children and Media Child Development & Intervention, Graduate Program in Children and Media North Korean Studies O O O North Korean Studies North Korean Politics, North Korean Economics, North Korean Society and Culture, Unification and Peace Education O O O Education Philosophy of Education, Sociology of Education, Educational Administration, Curriculum & Instruction, Educational Measurement & Evaluation, Lifelong Education, Educational counselling and psychology, Educational Big Data Early Childhood Education O O O Early Childhood Education Curriculum for Early Childhood Education, Educational Administration in Early Childhood Education* Elementary Education O O O Elementary Education Curriculum and Teacher Education, Child Development and Instruction Educational Technology O O O Educational Technology Educational Technology, Human Resource Development Special Education O O O Special Education Intellectual Disability, Emotional or Behavioral Disorders, Learning Disabilities, Hearing Impairment, Visual Impairment, Physical or Multiple Disabilities, Language Disorders, The - 9 Field Department /Division Programs Major M a s ter's Doctoral C o m bined Master's Doctoral & Combined Master's and Doctoral Hum anities & Social Sciences Gifted and Talented, Early Childhood Special Education, Autism Spectrum Disorder English Education O O O Teaching English as a Foreign Language Teaching English as a Foreign Language Social Studies Education O O O History, Geography, Social Studies Education, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major History & History Education, Social Studies Education, Human & Physical Geography, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Korean Education O O X Korean Language Education Korean Education Communication Disorders O O O Speech-Language Pathology Language Disorders, Speech Disorders, Hearing Impairments Law O O O* Jurisprudence Constitutional Law, Administrative Law, Criminal Law, Civil Law, Commercial Law, Labor Law, International Law, Jurisprudence, Intellectual Property Law, Economic Law Business Administration O O O Business Administration, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Management Decision Science, Marketing, Finance, Human Resource‧Strategic Management, Accounting, Management Information System, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major, AI & Business Analytics Content Convergence O O O Visual Communication, Media Design, Media Engineering Visual Media, Media Design, Media Engineering International Office Administration O O O International Office Administration International Office Administration Music Therapy O O O Music Therapy Music Therapy Natural Sciences Mathematics O O O Mathematics Algebra, Analysis, Topology and Geometry, Numerical Analysis, Cryptology, Applied Analysis Statistics O O O Theoretical Statistics, Applicational Statistics Stochastic Process, Statistical Inference, Linear Model, Data Analysis, Statistical Computing Physics O O O Physics Particle Physics, Nuclear Physics, Condensed Matter Physics Theory, Condensed Matter Physics Experiment, Astrophysics, Optics, Applied Physics Chemistry & O O O Physical Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Inorganic Physical Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Inorganic - 10 Field Department /Division Programs Major M a s ter's Doctoral C o m bined Master's Doctoral & Combined Master's and Doctoral Natural Sciences Nanoscience Chemistry, Analytical Chemistry, Biochemistry, NanoBio Science, Nanomaterials Chemistry, Polymer Chemistry, Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy for Advanced Materials, Graduate Program in Innovative Biomaterials Convergence Chemistry, Analytical Chemistry, Biochemistry, NanoBio Science, Nanomaterials Chemistry, Polymer Chemistry, Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy for Advanced Materials, Graduate Program in Innovative Biomaterials Convergence Life Sciences O O O Life Science Life Science Pharmaceutical Sciences O O O Pharmaceutical Sciences, Graduate Program in Innovative Biomaterials Convergence Pharmaceutical Sciences, Graduate Program in Innovative Biomaterials Convergence Industrial Pharmaceutical Science O O O Industrial Pharmaceutical Science, Graduate Program in Regulatory Science Convergence Industrial Pharmaceutical Science, Graduate Program in Regulatory Science Convergence Science Education O O O Science Education Science Education Mathematics Education O O O Mathematics Education Mathematics Education Health Convergence O O O Health Convergence Science Health Convergence Science Nursing Science O O O Nursing Science, Unification Nursing, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering Woman/Man Health Nursing, Woman's Health Nursing, Child Nursing, Mental & Psychiatric Nursing, Basic Nursing, Community Nursing, Nursing Management, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering Nutritional Science & Food Management O O O Food and Nutrition, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering, Graduate Program in Regulatory Science Convergence Food and Nutrition, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering, Graduate Program in Regulatory Science Convergence EcoScience O O O EcoScience(Systematics, Evolution,Behavior), EcoScience(Ecology, Microbiology,Environment), EcoScience(Ecoconvergence) EcoScience(Systematics, Evolution,Behavior), EcoScience(Ecology, Microbiology,Environment), EcoScience(Ecoconvergence) Medical Sciences O O O Anatomy, Physiology, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Pharmacology, Preventive Medicine, Parasitology, Neuroscience, Medical Education, Molecular Medicine, Public Health, Biomedical Engineering, Medical Ethics, Environmental Medicine, Nuclear Medicine, Anatomy, Physiology, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Pharmacology, Preventive Medicine, Parasitology, Neuroscience, Medical Education, Molecular Medicine, Public Health, Biomedical Engineering, Medical Ethics, Environmental Medicine, Nuclear Medicine, Dentistry*, Dental Hygiene*, - 11 Field Department /Division Programs Major M a s ter's Doctoral C o m bined Master's Doctoral & Combined Master's and Doctoral Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Bioinspired Science O O O Bioinspired Science (Life Science) Bioinspired Science (Life Science) Brain & cognitive Sciences O O O Neuroscience, Cognitive science, Neuropharmacomedicine Neuroscience, Cognitive science, Neuropharmacomedicine Engineering Artificial Intelligence and Software O O O Computer Science and Engineering, Cyber Security, Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Computer Science and Engineering, Cyber Security, Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Food Science & Biotechnology O O O Food Science & Biotechnology Food Science & Biotechnology Chemical Engineering & Materials Science O O O Chemical Engineering and Materials Science, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering Chemical Engineering and Materials Science, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering Architecture O O O Architectural Studies, Architectural Design Architecture Architectural & Urban Systems Engineering O O O Architectural and Urban Systems Engineering, Sustainable and Resilient Society Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Architectural and Urban Systems Engineering, Sustainable and Resilient Society Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Environmental Science & Engineering O O O Environmental Science & Engineering Environmental Science & Engineering Climate and Energy Systems Engineering O O O Atmospheric Science and Engineering, Energy Systems Engineering, Sustainable and Resilient Society Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Atmospheric Science and Engineering, Energy Systems Engineering, Sustainable and Resilient Society Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Mechanical & Biomedical Engineering O O O Mechanical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Biodata Engineering, Graduate Program in Smart Factory, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Mechanical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Biodata Engineering, Graduate Program in Smart Factory, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major Division of Electronics and Semiconductor Engineering O O O Electronic and Electrical Engineering, Semiconductor Engineering, Semiconductor Physics, Graduate Program in Smart Factory Electronic and Electrical Engineering, Semiconductor Engineering, Semiconductor Physics, Graduate Program in Smart Factory - 12 Field Department /Division Programs Major M a s ter's Doctoral C o m bined Master's Doctoral & Combined Master's and Doctoral Data Science O O O Data Science, Graduate Program in Smart Factory, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Data Science, Graduate Program in Smart Factory, Artificial Intelligence AX Convergence Major, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Arts & Athletics Music (College of Music) O O O Keyboard(Piano,Organ,Harpsic hord,Piano Accompaniment), Orchestral Instruments (Orchestral Instruments, Orchestral Conducting), Voice(Voice,Choral Conducting), Composition(Composition, Music Theory), Korean Music, Musicology* Keyboard Instruments(Piano,Organ), Orchestral Instruments(Orchestral Instruments), Voice(Voice), Voice(Choral Conducting), Composition(Composition,Musi c Theory), Korean Music, Musicology* Fine Arts (College of Art & Design) O O O Korean Painting, Painting, Sculpture, Fiber Arts, Ceramic Arts, Fashion Arts, Studies in Visual Arts, Media Arts and Technology Korean Painting, Painting, Sculpture, Fiber Arts, Ceramic Arts, Fashion Arts, Studies in Visual Arts, Media Arts and Technology Design (College of Art & Design) O O O Space Design, Visual Communication Design, Intelligence Technology Design, Media Interaction Design, Color Design Space Design, Visual Communication Design, Intelligence Technology Design, Media Interaction Design, Color Design Fashion Industry O O X Fashion Industry Textile Science Lab, Apparel Construction/Development, Korean Traditional Costume, Fashion Merchandising/Marketing Dance ( C o l l e g e o f M u s i c )O O X Dance, Dance Theory Dance, Dance Theory Kinesiology and Sports Studies O O O Human Movement Studies, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering Human Movement Studies, Graduate Program in System Health and Engineering Medicine Medicine O O O [Basic Medicine] Anatomy, Physiology, Biochemistry, Pharmacology, Pathology, Microbiology, Parasitology, Preventive Medicine, Medical Education, Neuroscience, Molecular Medicine, Public Health, Biomedical Engineering, Medical Ethics, Environmental Medicine [Clinical Medicine*] Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, Psychiatry, Dermatology, General Surgery, Obstetrics & Gynecology, Orthopedics, Neuro Surgery, Urology, Ophthalmology, Otolaryngology, [Basic Medicine] Anatomy, Physiology, Biochemistry, Pharmacology, Pathology, Microbiology, Parasitology, Preventive Medicine, Medical Education, Neuroscience, Molecular Medicine, Public Health, Biomedical Engineering, Medical Ethics, Environmental Medicine [Clinical Medicine*] Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, Psychiatry, Dermatology, General Surgery, Obstetrics & Gynecology, Orthopedics, Neuro Surgery, Urology, Ophthalmology, Otolaryngology, - 13 * Departments/Majors marked with an asterisk: Applicants must meet additional requirements. (Please see the "Additional Requirements for Graduate Program Applicants" section on page 16) [Information on the Department of Medicine and Department of Medical Sciences] ※ Full-time Integrated Program in Medicine: Limited to Basic Medical Science majors (Anatomy, Physiology, Biochemistry, Pharmacology, Pathology, Microbiology, Parasitology, Preventive Medicine, Medical Education, Neuroscience, Molecular Medicine, Public Health, Biomedical Engineering, Medical Ethics and Environmental Medicine) ※ Clinical Medicine majors (excluding Basic Medical Science) are not eligible for the Integrated Program ※ The Department of Medical Sciences also has the same major as the 14 majors in Basic Medical Sciences (excluding Pathology) ※ Basic Medicine majors in the Department of Medicine are open to all applicants, including those who have not graduated from the College of Medicine at the undergraduate level. ※ Students will not be issued a medical license upon graduating from the Department of Medicine in The Graduate School. ※ The Department of Medical Sciences is a full-time department, whereas the Department of Medicine may not be operated full-time. ※ Tuition differs for the Department of Medical Sciences and the Department of Medicine. Field Department /Division Programs Major M a s ter's Doctoral C o m bined Master's Doctoral & Combined Master's and Doctoral Anesthesia and pain medicine, Radiology, Plastic Surgery, Laboratory Medicine, Dental Medicine*, Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgery, Radiological Oncology, Neurology, Rehabilitation Medicine, Family Medicine, Emergency Medicine, Nuclear Medicine Anesthesia and pain medicine, Radiology, Plastic Surgery, Laboratory Medicine, Dental Medicine*, Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgery, Radiological Oncology, Neurology, Rehabilitation Medicine, Family Medicine, Emergency Medicine, Nuclear Medicine Interdisciplinary Programs Bioethics Policy Studies O O O Bioethics Policy Bio-Medical Law, Bio-Medical Ethics, Bioethics Policy and Management, Bioethics Education Gifted Education O O O Gifted Education Gifted Education Multicultural/ Intercultural Studies O O X Multicultural/Intercultural Studies Multicultural/Intercultural Studies Big Data Analytics O O O Big Data Analytics, Graduate Program in Smart Factory, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Big Data Analytics, Graduate Program in Smart Factory, Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities Convergence Major Social Economy O O O Social Economy Social Economy Genetic Counseling O X X Genetic Counseling Media, Arts, Humanities O X X Media, Arts, Humanities - 14 Ⅲ Eligibility To be eligible to apply, applicants must meet all the requirements below. 1. Nationality : Non-Korean ※ Applicants and their parents must hold nationality (i.e., passport) of a country other than Korea. (Applicants who hold dual nationalities including Korean nationality are not eligible to apply. If an applicant or either parent is found to have Korean nationality, the application will be disqualified, and admission will be revoked even after acceptance.) ※ Korean nationals with dual or multiple nationalities are not eligible to apply, including both the applicant and their parents. ※ Applicants who have acquired non-Korean nationality after birth are eligible only if the applicant and both parents have acquired the non-Korean nationality prior to the applicant's enrollment in an educational curriculum equivalent to the high school curriculum in Korea. ※ Applicants who themselves and/or their parents have ever held Korean nationality: Korean nationality of applicant and both parents must be renounced before the start of the application period. ※ Ewha Womans University accepts applications from female applicants only. 2. Education : Applicants to each program must meet the academic requirements below ※ Students who are expected to graduate must complete their graduation by February 28, 2027 and submit their authenticated final graduation certificate before the start of the semester (or by one month before the start of the semester for those preparing for visa issuance and entry from abroad) to be eligible for admission. ※ Only prospective graduates of Japanese schools (Japanese nationals) may apply and be admitted on the condition that they graduate by March 2027 and submit the final graduation certificate with academic verification completed by March 31, 2027 Programs Eligibility Undergraduate Program Freshman Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from high school by February 2027 ※ GED, high school graduate equivalency test, home schooling, cyber schooling, or other school equivalency certificates are not accepted. Transfer Applicants who fall under one of the two cases below: ① Applicants who have a) completed or are expected to complete at least 2 academic years (4 regular semesters, excluding summer/winter sessions) and b) earned at least half (two thirds in case of three-year British universities) of the minimum number of credits required for graduation at a four-year university by February 2027 ② Applicants who have acquired or are expected to acquire an associate degree at a junior college by February 2027 Graduate Program Master's, Combined Master's and Doctoral Applicants who have acquired or are expected to acquire a Bachelor's degree by February 2027 Doctoral Applicants who have acquired or are expected to acquire a Master's degree by February 2027 - 15 3. Language Proficiency : Applicants must meet the requirements below for the applicable program ※ All language proficiency test scores must remain valid until the final admissions (December 18, 2026) to be considered for admission. [Notice Regarding Language Proficiency Requirements] ※ Applicants admitted to undergraduate programs are required to acquire TOPIK level 4 or above before graduation. This requirement also applies to those admitted with proof of English language proficiency as their language requirement. (Exception: Division of International Studies) ※ The above language proficiency requirements are the minimum requirements for admission; being admitted with a certain language requirement does not mean that all courses at Ewha will be conducted in that language. With the exception of the Division of International Studies, the proportion of courses taught in English varies among majors and more courses may be taught in Korean than English. ※ In the Division of International Studies, all major courses are conducted in English; however, a number of mandatory liberal arts courses may be conducted in Korean. Programs Eligibility Undergraduate Program (Freshman) - No language proficiency requirement - However, applicants to Division of International Studies (International Studies, Global Korean Studies) meet one or more of the English requirements below. A. English Proficiency Test Scores: TOEFL iBT 80(for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, a score of 4.0 or higher), IELTS 6.0, New TEPS 326 or above B. Completion of high school education conducted entirely in English - Starting from the 2025 academic year, all incoming freshmen (Exception: Division of International Studies, College of Nursing) must be enrolled in the Global Scholars Program within the HOKMA College of General Education for a minimum of one year (two semesters) after admission. During this period, students are required to take Korean language and foundational general education courses. Students who do not achieve TOPIK level 3 will be subject to restrictions in taking major courses. - To enter their major field of study, students must complete one year (two semesters) in the Global Scholars Program within the HOKMA College of General Education and achieve TOPIK Level 3 or its equivalent. Undergraduate Program (Transfer) & Graduate Program At least one of the following language proficiency requirements A. TOPIK Level 4 or above ※ Accepted TOPIK: The 108th (test date: October 18, 2026) or earlier Accepted TOPIK IBT: The 15th (October 24, 2026 or earlier) B. Completion of a Korean Language Program (Level 4 or above) at a Korean language institute affiliated with a university in Korea ※ Applicants who can complete level 4 or above by November 27, 2026 are also eligible. C. English Proficiency Test Scores: TOEFL iBT 80(for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, a score of 4.0 or higher), IELTS 6.0, New TEPS 326 or above D. Completion of the entire high school or university curriculum conducted in Korean or English E. Ewha's recognition that the applicant's level of Korean or English proficiency is equivalent to or higher than the above A~D requirements ※ However, applicants to the School of International Studies (International Studies major, Global Korean Studies major) must meet at least one of the English language qualification requirements below A. English Proficiency Test Scores: TOEFL iBT 80(for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, a score of 4.0 or higher), IELTS 6.0, New TEPS 326 or above B. Completion of the entire high school or university curriculum conducted in Korean or English - 16 4. Additional Requirements for Graduate Program Applicants Department Major Academic Program Additional Requirements Master's Doctoral Combined Law All majors ○ Only open to applicants with at least 3 years of legal practice experience Medical Sciences Dentistry ○ ○ Only open to applicants who have majored in Dentistry, Dental Hygiene, or Dental Technology Dental Hygiene ○ ○ Only those majoring in dental hygiene or dental technology can apply Medicine Clinical Medicine majors ○ ○ Only open to applicants who have majored in Medicine Dental Medicine ○ ○ Only open to applicants who have majored in Dental Medicine Early Childhood Education Educational Administration in Early Childhood Education ○ Only open to applicants who have work experience in a field related to early childhood education Music (College of Music) Musicology ○ ○ ○ Only open to applicants who have a Master's degree in Musicology. Ⅳ Selection Process 1. Quota There is no entrance quota regarding the number of applicants to be admitted. 2. Selection Process Applicants will be selected through a comprehensive evaluation of their academic capability, language proficiency, preparedness in the chosen major, academic motivation, and other qualities demonstrated in their submitted materials. ※ Some applicants may be contacted individually for a phone or video interview if necessary. ※ However, applicants to the undergraduate Department of Voice and graduate Voice majors (Voice and Choral Conducting) must attend the in-person interview and practical examination. 3. Reflection of the school violence measures Among applicants who have a record of attending a domestic high school and submit their school records, if the school records include any school violence-related actions, these will be reflected in the selection process according to the criteria below. Items 1 through 7 will result in a deduction of 10% to 60% of the total score for the selection process, while Items 8 through 9 will result in disqualification. N.1 N.2~3 N.4~5 N.6~7 N.8~9 Point Deduction 10% 20% 40% 60% Disqualified ※ Only matters recorded in the school record are subject to this (the final applicable date is base d on the reference date for writing the school record according to the "2027 College Admission Ba sic Guidelines"). - 17 Ⅴ Required Documents 1. Documents that are not in Korean or English must be submitted with a certified translation into Korean or English, along with the original documents. - If a document is issued in a language other than Korean or English but contains a Korean or English translation alongside the original text, a separate notarized translation is not required. - Translations must be notarized. Self-translated documents or translations prepared by agencies or websites that do not provide notarization will not be accepted. 2. Once the online application process is complete, applicants will not be allowed to modify, replace, or cancel application or documents. 3. Upon being offered preliminary admission, all documents must be submitted as original hard copies. Submitted documents or records will NOT be returned to the applicant. If there are documents that can only be issued once and thus cannot be submitted as originals, copies certified by Ewha or the issuing institution are also acceptable. 4. Applicants may be asked to submit additional documents not listed in the "Required Documents" section of this admissions guide should further verification of the applicant's eligibility be necessary. No. Documents Notes ※ No. 1-4: must be filled out or uploaded in either Korean or English within the application period 1 Application Form [Form 1] • Must be filled out on the online application website. • Applicant's photo must also be uploaded when filling out the application form. 2 Personal Statement [Form 2-1] • Required for undergraduate program applicants only • Must be typed on the online application website. Study Plan [Form 2-2] • Required for graduate program applicants only • Must be typed on the online application website. 3 Recommendation Letter [Form 3] • For graduate programs applicants only; not mandatory but encouraged (not for undergraduate applicants) • The recommendation letter must be written by a professor from the applicant's previous university. The recommender does not have to be the applicant's academic advisor, but must be a professor who has taught or supervised the applicant, including retired professors. (The recommender must not have any familial relationships or other personal ties with the applicant that may cause bias. In the event of a violation of this, the applicant must bear the corresponding responsibility.) • Only those recommendation letters submitted through the designated website will be accepted. (Submission by post, email, fax will not be accepted) - Applicants are advised to contact the recommender in advance, obtain the recommender's email address, and send the university's official recommendation letter form. - An email request for a recommendation letter will be sent to the recommender when submitting an online application - The recommender can either type the letter or upload it in PDF format on the provided website sent through e-mail 4 Scholarship Application [Form 4] • For applicants applying for Ewha scholarships only • Applicants must fill out the university's official form in either Korean or English and upload it in PDF format. ※ No. 5-8: must be uploaded in PDF format within the application period (original hard copies must be submitted in person or by post upon being offered preliminary admission) - 18 No. Documents Notes 5 Certificate of (Expected) Graduation and Official Transcript of Academic Records [Notice for All Applicants] ① Academic documents (graduation certificates, transcripts) issued by a university in Korea ☞ only certificates issued online with a reference number for verification are accepted ② Academic documents (graduation certificates, transcripts) issued in a country other than Korea ☞ during the application period: scanned copies of Korean/English or translated & notarized documents; after preliminary admissions decisions are announced: documents must be submitted after completing authentication procedures ③ Applicants who submit a certificate of expected graduation / a prospective degree certificate ☞ must additionally submit graduation certificate / a degree certificate if offered admission ④ Applicants who have attended more than one school ☞ must submit academic transcripts from every school they attended. e.g. If you have transferred from school A to school B: Transcripts from both schools A and B must be submitted Undergraduate Freshman • Official certificate of (expected) graduation • Official transcript of all high school years ※ Graduates of high schools located in Korea must submit their school records. (If any school violence-related measures are recorded in the school records, Items 1 through 7 will result in a deduction of 10% to 60% of the total score for the selection process, while Items 8 through 9 will result in disqualification. (Refer to p.16) Transfer • Official certificate of (expected) completion of at least 2 academic years, certificate of enrollment or certificate of (prospective) graduation • Official undergraduate transcript ※ Applicants who have completed (or are expected to complete) at least 2 academic years at a four-year university must additionally submit documents ① and ② below ① A high school graduation certificate ② A document that shows the minimum number of credits required for graduation at the previous university The Graduate Master's, Combined Master's & Doctoral • Official (prospective) Bachelor's degree • Official undergraduate transcript covering all semesters Doctoral • Official (prospective) master's degree • Official master's transcript covering all semesters • Official Bachelor's degree • Official undergraduate transcript covering all semesters 6 Language Proficiency Test Score Reports or Certificates Undergraduate (Freshman) • Korean language proficiency test score reports : Optional for applicants with test score - TOPIK score report, Certificate of completion of Korean language program. • English language proficiency test score reports : Mandatory for applicants to the Division of International Studies, Optional for applicants to other Majors ① TOEFL iBT 80 or above(for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, a score of 4.0 or higher) - iBT Home Edition: Accepted MyBest Scores: Not accepted - 19 No. Documents Notes 6 Language Proficiency Test Score Reports or Certificates - Should you be offered preliminary admission, you must request "Institutional Score Reporting" (recipient: Ewha Womans University, Institution Code: 8229) ② IELTS 6.0 or above - IELTS Indicator: Accepted ③ New TEPS 326 or above ④ High school curriculum showing the language of instruction (English) - A certificate that shows the language of instruction was English, a screenshot of the school website, etc. - If you have graduated or are expected to graduate from a school located in an English-speaking country, graduation certificate or academic transcripts issued by the school will suffice. (The documents must contain information on the location of the school, such as the address) Undergraduate (Transfer), Graduate • TOPIK score report of level 4 or above - TOPIK iBT: Accepted. ※ Applicants expecting to take the 108th TOPIK or 15th TOPIK IBT, a) Select "TOPIK 취득예정" as your language requirement on the online application form and upload proof of TOPIK registration or test identification slip. (must be able to verify the applicant's name and expected test date) b) If offered preliminary admission, you must submit your TOPIK score report by 24:00 (midnight) on December 11, 2026 via email at isadmit@ewha.ac.kr • A certificate of completion of a Korean language program (Level 4 or above) at a Korean language institute affiliated with a university in Korea ※ Applicants who are expected to complete level 4 or above by 2026.11.27: a) Select "Korean language program Level 4 or above" as your language requirement on the online application form and upload a Level 4 (or above) course enrollment certificate. b) If offered preliminary admission, you must submit your completion certificate by 24:00 (midnight) on November 27, 2026, via email at isadmit@ewha.ac.kr or submit the original document. • English language proficiency test score reports ① TOEFL iBT 80 or above(for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, a score of 4.0 or higher) - iBT Home Edition: Accepted MyBest Scores: Not accepted - Should you be offered preliminary admission, you must request "Institutional Score Reporting" (Recipient: Ewha Womans University, Institution Code: 8229) ② IELTS 6.0 or above - IELTS Indicator: Accepted ③ New TEPS 326 or above • High school or university curriculum showing the language of instruction (Korean or English) - A certificate that shows the language of instruction - 20 No. Documents Notes was Korean or English, a screenshot of the school or university website, etc. - If you have graduated or are expected to graduate from a school or university located in a Korean/English-speaking country, a graduation certificate or academic transcripts issued by the school/university will suffice. (The documents must contain information on the location of the school/university, such as the address) 7 Passport - Applicant and both Parents (Documents verifying Nationality) • Passport copies of applicant and both parents - In the absence of passports, copies of ID cards that verify nationality or original copies of official documents verifying nationality can be submitted. - Applicants who do not submit a copy of their own passport while applying must submit it if offered admission. • Chinese applicants must additionally submit the following documents ① A copy of applicant's ID card ② Copies of parents' ID cards • Supplementary Documents (Conditional) ① Applicants who are not able to submit an official document verifying their parents' nationality due to a divorce or death may alternatively submit a document verifying the divorce or death of their parent(s). In case of a divorce, proof of parental authority or custody of the applicant must also be submitted. ※ In the case where a foreign-national father or mother, who holds parental authority or custody, remarries a South Korean national, the South Korean national spouse shall not grant the foreign-national child eligibility for the special admission process for foreigners, regardless of whether the child is adopted or not. ② Applicants who have or whose parents have ever held Korean nationality must submit additional documents to verify a) the renunciation of Korean nationality and b) the date the non-Korean nationality was acquired. e.g. Detailed Family relation certificate issued under the applicant's name that shows the renunciation of Korean nationality by the Korean government, certificate of removal from family registry, declaration of loss of nationality for both the applicant and parent(s), or certificate of foreign resident registration issued after year 2011, etc. ※ Application for renunciation of Korean nationality (국적상실(이탈)사실신고 접수증 및 신고서) is not considered valid as proof of loss of Korean nationality. 8 Legal document verifying relationship between applicant and both parents • Chinese nationals: a family relation certificate • Non-Chinese: other legal documentation verifying the relationship between the applicant and her parents e.g. birth certificate, family register, family relation certificate, etc. • Documents that are not in Korean or English must be translated and notarized ※ No. 9: Must be uploaded in PDF format within the application period (Original hard copies are NOT required upon being offered preliminary admission) 9 Supplemental Materials • If you would like other supplemental materials to be considered during the evaluation process, you may submit them. (Maximum number of materials: 10, not mandatory) Undergraduate ① Academic capability: High school graduation examination, college entrance examination or other standardized academic tests (SAT, ACT, A Level, IB, 高考(Gaokao), National Center Test for University Admissions, etc.) - 21 No. Documents Notes 9 Supplemental Materials ② Language: Documents verifying Korean language training experience, official language proficiency test score reports, etc. ※ Apart from the documents submitted to meet the language requirement ③ Awards and activities: Awards received and activities carried out in high school, etc. Graduate ① Thesis abstract, research achievements ② Work experience certificate, employment certificate ※ Applicants to departments and/or majors with work experience as additional requirements (Combined Master's & Doctoral degree program in Law, Doctoral degree program in Educational Administration in Early Childhood Education under Early Childhood Education) must submit a work experience certificate ③ Language proficiency test score reports ※ Apart from the documents submitted to meet the language requirement ※ No. 10: Depending on the evaluation method of each recruitment unit, materials showing artistic or athletic ability must be submitted to the International Student Affairs Team in person or by post within the application period, or applicants must take the in-person interview and practical exam at the designated date and time. 10 Performance Evaluation • Must be submitted by applicants who fall under one of the two cases below. ① Undergraduate Program: Applicants to the College of Music (excluding Undergraduate Department of Voice), College of Art & Design, Division of Kinesiology & Sports Studies ② The Graduate Program: Applicants to the College of Music (excluding Vocal majors (Voice, Choral Conducting)), College of Art & Design, Division of Kinesiology & Sports Studies, Content Convergence (Media Design) • Target for in-person interview and practical exam: Applicants to Undergraduate Department of Voice and Graduate Vocal majors (Voice, Choral Conducting) • Information on submission materials, in-person interview and practical exam [College of Music] Materials below must be accompanied by a printed list of pieces, music, performances, etc. according to the guidance below. Keyboard Instruments [Piano Major] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities 1. A video recording of a performance program of at least 30 minutes, including both of the following: 1. A complete Beethoven Sonata (all movements) 2. At least one work by a composer from a different musical period than Beethoven *All pieces must be performed from memory. [Organ Major] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities 1. A video recording of a free-choice performance program of at least 30 minutes. [Piano Accompaniment Major] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities 1. A video recording of a free-choice performance program of at least 30 minutes, including both instrumental accompaniment and art song (Lied) accompaniment. [General Requirements] - When submitting on a USB drive, the video must be provided in MP4 format (MOV files are not accepted). - Submit a PDF file listing the performance repertoire. - Indicate the starting timestamp (e.g., 00:00) for each piece in the video. - The USB drive must contain both the video file and the PDF - 22 No. Documents Notes 10 Performance Evaluation repertoire list. Orchestral Instruments [General Requirements] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities A 30 minute performance video containing pieces of the applicant's choice (on DVD or USB) Voice [Undergraduate and General Graduate School Voice Major] On-site Interview and Performance Examination 1. Voice Performance Applicants must perform one art song and one opera aria. 1) Art Song - Four art songs, one in Italian, German, French, and English, respectively. - On the day of the examination, applicants will perform one art song in the language selected by lot drawing. 2) Opera Aria - No language restrictions. *Performance Repertoire List (to be submitted on the day of the examination): the repertoire list must include all four art songs and the opera aria. [General Graduate School Choral Conducting Major] 1. Voice Performance: one free-choice piece selected from art song (in Italian, German, or French), Opera Aria or Oratorio Aria 2. Piano Performance: one fast movement from a Sonata. 3. Sight-Singing: the musical score will be provided on the day of the examination. 4. Conducting Performance: Piano Conducting Benjamin Britten - Rejoice in the Lamb, Movement I (up to Rehearsal Number 11) *Performance Repertoire List (to be submitted on the day of the examination): the repertoire list must include both the voice performance piece and the piano performance piece. [General Information] 1. Interview and Performance Examination Schedule - Date: October 24, 2026 (Saturday) - Venue: College of Music, Ewha Womans University - Detailed information, including the exact venue and examination time, will be sent to applicants via email. 2. Important Notes for the Interview and Performance Examination - All applicants are required to undergo an in-person interview and performance examination without the submission of materials showing artistic or athletic ability. - Applicants must attend the on-site interview and performance examination held at Ewha Womans University on the designated date and time. - Applicants who do not attend the on-site interview and performance examination will be excluded from evaluation. - Applicants must arrange and bring their own accompanist. Composition [Undergraduate Program] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities 1. Submit both of the following: 1) A musical score for a piano piece in ternary (three-part) form 2) A musical score for a chamber music composition for two or more instruments ※ Audio recordings and/or video recordings may be submitted as supplementary materials. [The Graduate Program] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities and Zoom Interview - 23 ※ Address for Document Submission (materials showing artistic or athletic ability for art & athletic field applicants, original hard copies for applicants upon being offered preliminary admission) • In person: International Student Affairs Team, ECC B329, Ewha Womans University - Walk-in hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., 1-5 p.m. - Closed on Saturdays, Sundays, and Korean national holidays • By Post: - Documents must arrive at the International Student Affairs Team office by the submission deadline. - Address: (Zip code 03760) International Student Affairs Team, ECC B329, Ewha Womans University, Ewhayeodae-gil 52, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea - Telephone Number: +82-2-3277-3818 Ⅴ-1. Information on Authentication of International Academic Documents Academic documents (such as degrees, graduation/enrollment certificates, transcripts, etc.) issued by schools or universities located in a country other than Korea MUST be submitted within the document submission period after completing the authentication procedures required for each degree program as below. 1. Undergraduate Freshman No. Documents Notes 10 Performance Evaluation [College of Art & Design] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities Printout materials (max 20 pages in A3 or A4 size) [Division of Kinesiology & Sports Studies, Content Convergence (Media Design)] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities Submit materials in a flexible format (e.g. portfolios, video materials, etc) 1. First-round Submission Materials: submit both of the following: 1) A musical score for a chamber music composition 2) A musical score for a large-scale ensemble composition ※ Audio recordings and/or video recordings may be submitted as supplementary materials. 2. Second-round Interview: only applicants who pass the first-round evaluation will be invited to a Zoom interview. - Detailed information, including the interview date and time, will be provided to applicants via email. Korean Music [General] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities A 20-minute performance video containing pieces of the applicant's choice (on DVD or USB) Musicology [The Graduate Program] 1. Submission Materials: applicants for the Doctoral Program must submit their master's thesis in Musicology (either a printed copy or a USB file). 2. Second-round Interview: only applicants who pass the first-round evaluation will be invited to a Zoom interview. - Detailed information, including the interview date and time, will be provided to applicants via email. Dance [General] Submission of Materials showing artistic or athletic abilities 1. Portfolio and at least two videos of solo dance performances lasting three minutes or longer (USB) Location of School Documents that Require Authentication Required Authentication Procedures (Prospective) Graduates of a high school located in a country other than China High school certificate of (expected) graduation Apostille or Consular authentication High school transcript Apostille or Consular authentication - 24 <1-1. Guide to Submitting Graduation Certificates from Chinese 'High Schools Other Than General High Schools'> 2. Undergraduate Transfer Location of School Documents that Require Authentication Required Authentication Procedures Previous university/ college located in a country other than China Applicants who have or expected to finish 2 academic years out of 4 Certificate of (expected) com pletion of at least 2 academ ic years or enrollm ent certificate Apostille or Consular authentication Transcript from previous university Apostille or Consular authentication High school certificate of graduation Please see the above "1. Undergraduate Freshman" section regarding certificate of graduation. Applicants who have or are expected to acquire an associate degree Certificate of (expected) graduation at previous university Apostille or Consular authentication Transcript from previous university Apostille or Consular authentication Previous Applicants Certificate of (expected) completion Please see the Korean or Chinese (Prospective) Graduates of a high school located in China General high school High school certificate of (expected) graduation Printed copy of the CHSI (English) High school transcript Apostille or Consular authentication High schools other than general high schools High school certificate of (expected) graduation Please refer to 1-1. <Guidelines for Submitting Graduation Certificates from Chinese 'Except General High Schools'> below. High school transcript Apostille or Consular authentication Types of schools Documents Required Note Secon dary Voca tional S c h o o l 보통중등전문학교(普通中专) Regular Specialized Secondary Schools ① Online method ⅰ) Graduation Certificate issued by local education authorities: Apostille required * Accepted only if authenticity can be verified online ② Offline method(Submission of 'School Information Verification Form [Form 5]' is mandatory) i) Graduation Certificate issued by local education authorities: Apostille required ii) Graduation Certificate issued by the school itself: Verification by the Provincial Office of Education (City Office of Education) + Apostille required C h o o s e 1 직업고등학교(职业高中) Vocational High Schools 성인중등전문학교(成人中专) Adult Specialized Secondary Schools 기술공업학교(技工学校) Skilled Workers Schools Official website of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security (http://www.mohrss.gov.cn/) Online verification + Apostille * Accepted only if authenticity can be verified online Other schools recognized for high school diplomas (International High Schools, etc.) School-issued graduation certificate + Apostille ※ Submission of a copy of the Certificate of Establishment(事业单位法人证书) is mandatory (however, only academic training courses are recognized, and notarization is not required). - 25 3. Graduate - Master's, Combined Master's and Doctoral 4. Graduate - Doctoral Location of School Documents that Require Authentication Required Authentication Procedures university/ college located in China who have or expected to finish 2 academic years out of 4 of at least 2 academic years or enrollment certificate version of the admissions guide. Transcript from previous university High school certificate of graduation Applicants who have or are expected to acquire an associate degree Certificate of (expected) graduation at previous university Transcript from previous university Location of School Documents that Require Authentication Required Authentication Procedures Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a university located in a country other than China Bachelor's degree or Certificate of expected graduation Apostille or Consular authentication Undergraduate transcript Apostille or Consular authentication Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a university located in China Bachelor's degree or Certificate of expected graduation Please see the Korean or Chinese version of the admissions guide.Undergraduate transcript Location of School Documents that Require Authentication Required Authentication Procedures Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a university located in a country other than China Master's degree or Certificate of expected graduation Apostille or Consular authentication Master's transcript Apostille or Consular authentication Bachelor's degree Please see the above "3. Graduate - Master's, Combined Master's and Doctoral" section. Undergraduate transcript Please see the above "3. Graduate - Master's, Combined Master's and Doctoral" section. Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a university located in China Master's degree or Certificate of expected graduation Please see the Korean or Chinese version of the admissions guide. Master's transcript Bachelor's degree Undergraduate transcript - 26 [Document Authentication Procedures] 1. Apostille Certification A. Official Public Documents (from state/public schools) Have Documents issued from School ⇨ Visit Apostille Issuing Organization ⇨ Request Apostille Certificate ⇨ Assessment by Apostille Issuing Organization ⇨ Apostille is issued B. Private Documents (from private schools) Have Documents issued from School ⇨ Document Notarization ⇨ Visit Apostille Issuing Organization ⇨ Request Apostille Certificate ⇨ Assessment by Apostille Issuing Organization ⇨ Apostill e is issued ※ Signatories as of July 9th, 2026 Continent Signatories Asia and Oceania New Zealand, Niue, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Mongolia, Vanuatu, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brunei, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Oman, Australia, Uzbekistan, Israel, India, Indonesia, Japan, China (including Macau and Hong Kong), Cook Islands, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Tonga, Pakistan, Palau, Fiji, the Philippines, South Korea Europe Georgia, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Russia, Romania, Luxembourg, Lithuania, Liechtenstein, North Macedonia, Monaco, Montenegro, Moldova, Malta, Belgium, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Cyprus, San Marino, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Slovakia, Slovenia, Armenia, Iceland, Ireland, Azerbaijan, Andorra, Albania, Estonia, United Kingdom, Austria, Ukraine, Italy, Czech Republic, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Croatia, Türkiye, Portugal, Poland, France, Finland, Hungary North America United States (including Guam, the Mouri Islands, Saipan, and Puerto Rico), Canada Latin America Guyana, Guatemala, Grenada, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, Commonwealth of Dominica, Mexico, Barbados, Bahamas, Venezuela, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Argentina, Antigua and Barbuda, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, Uruguay, Chile, Costa Rica, Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, Panama, Peru, Paraguay, Jamaica Africa Namibia, South Africa, Liberia, Lesotho, Malawi, Morocco, Botswana, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Seychelles, Algeria, Eswatini, Cape Verde, Burundi, Tunisia, Rwanda 2. Consular Authentication from one of the below - Korean Embassy & Consulate in the country the university/school is located in - Embassy & Consulate (of the country the university/school is located in) in Korea 3. Verification Report on Education and Degree issued by the Chinese Ministry of Education (for applicants who attended or graduated from schools in China): CHSI - 学信网 • Organization: 教育部学生服务与素质发展中心 • Website: http://www.chsi.com.cn / Tel.: +86-10-6741-0388 ※ Certification Agency in Korea: [Confucius Institute in Seoul] - Website: http://renew.kongzi.co.kr> 중국학력인증 - Tel.: +82-2-554-2688, Email: cis88@cis.or.kr - 27 V-2. Information for Applicants who did not Submit their Final Academic Documents at the Application Stage Those who failed to submit final academic documents at the time of application must submit their final and authenticated academic documents to the International Student Affairs Team upon receiving final admission. Failure to submit them may result in admission revocation or not being issued a certificate of admission. Who Required Documents Deadline Had not graduated at the time of application Upon receiving notification of admissions results, a graduation certificate and academic transcript newly issued after the date of graduation must be submitted. ※ Original copies of authenticated documents must be submitted. Immediately upon being issued the final graduation certificate and transcript ※ A certificate of admission (CoA) is required to apply for a study abroad visa; the CoA will be issued only after you have submitted your final academic documents.(Recommended deadline: January 29, 2027) Were not able to submit final and authenticated documents due to an unavoidable circumstance Upon receiving notification of admissions results, a graduation certificate and academic transcript that have been authenticated must be submitted. ※ Original copies of authenticated documents must be submitted. Thursday, December 31, 2026 V-3. Required Documents for Issuance of Certificate of Admission Required Documents Details ① Document Verifying Final Academic Status (Graduation/Degree Certificate) Please see the list of documents verifying applicant's graduation/final academic status on pages 23-26 in the "V-1 Information on Authentication of International Academic Documents" section. ② Bank Balance Certificate A bank balance certificate issued under the applicant's or parent's names - Only certificates issued on or after January 8, 2027 will be accepted. ※ Applicants who submit their final academic documents in February are required to submit a bank balance certificate issued on or after February 1, 2027. - Minimum balance: 20 million KRW - In the case of banks located in China, only certificates issued at one of the following four will be accepted: Bank of China, China Construction Bank, ICBC, and Agricultural Bank of China - Certificates issued at a bank in China must show a balance that is valid until March 31, 2027. - Applicants residing in Korea after completing the foreign resident registration process must submit a bank balance certificate issued under their own names at a bank in Korea. - Certificates issued in a language other than Korean or English must be translated into Korean/English and notarized. - 28 Ⅵ Application fee Type of selection process Application fee Special Admission for Foreigners 150,000 KRW (150 USD) A. Your application cannot be modified or canceled once it has been submitted and the application fee is non-refundable. However, if a judgment is made by admissions related committees of Ewha Womans University that there was an unavoidable reason (natural disaster or other reasons not attributable to the applicant), the application fee may be refunded partially or in full. B. Pursuant to Article 34-4 paragraph 5 of the Higher Education Act, should there be any amount left over after all expenditures related to admission screening have been subtracted from revenue related thereto, it may be returned in proportion to the application fees paid by each applicant. C. If a person entitled to the refund chooses the transfer to an account at the financial institution designated by her, the refund may be made after deducting the expenses incurred in using the financial institution's computer network from the refundable amount. If the expenses incurred in using a financial institution's computer network in refunding application fees are greater than the refundable amount, the university need not refund any amount. D. Applicants who have not completed their application fee payment will be excluded from consideration for admission. Ⅶ Important Information for Applicants Ⅶ-1. Must-Read Information Before Applying 1. Information for All Applicants A. In order to obtain a certificate of admission (required for study abroad visa application) upon being offered final admission, applicants must submit their final graduation/degree certificates; applicants who graduated from a school outside Korea must submit these documents after completing academic authentication procedures, such as apostille, consular authentication, etc. Applicants who initially submitted a certificate of expected graduation or a prospective degree certificate must submit their final graduation/degree certificate after completing authentication procedures by late January to ensure arrival in Korea before the start of the semester on March 2, 2027(Please refer to sections "Information for Applicants who did not submit their Final Academic Documents at the Application Stage" and "Required Documents for Issuance of Certificate of Admission" on page 27.) B. Double enrollment at two universities is prohibited. Students must withdraw or graduate from their previous university before the start of the semester at Ewha Womans University on March 2, 2027. Violation of this policy may result in revocation of admission. 2. Information for Applicants to Undergraduate Programs A. As a University founded on Christian values, chapel classes are conducted every semester. Undergraduate students must attend chapel and earn the required chapel credits as specified in the University regulations to graduate. - 29 B. All applicants admitted to undergraduate programs (both freshman and transfer) are required to acquire TOPIK level 4 or above prior to graduation. (Exception: Division of International Studies) C. Please note that all major courses in the Division of International Studies (International Studies, Global Korean Studies) are conducted in English. With the exception of the Division of International Studies, the proportion of courses taught in English may vary among majors and more courses may be taught in Korean than English. D. In the Division of International Studies (International Studies, Global Korean Studies), all major courses are conducted in English; however, a number of mandatory liberal arts courses may be conducted in Korean. E. The engineering education program in the Architectural and Urban Systems Engineering department in the College of Engineering has been accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering Education of Korea (ABEEK); the architecture education program in the Architecture department has been accredited by the Korea Architectural Accrediting Board. Upon entering these programs, all students will be enrolled in the "Accreditation Programs" and details pertaining to their completion or changes will be subject to the programs' by laws (subject to change according to the result of the accreditation evaluation and conditions of the department/major). F. The College of Business Administration has acquired Business Accreditation by the Association to Advance Collegiate School of Business (AACSB) four consecutive times. G. The College of Nursing has obtained the highest grade, "5-Year Accreditation," in the evaluation conducted by the Korean Accreditation Board of Nursing Education, and nursing students will participate in the "Nursing Education Accreditation Program" upon admission H. Transfer students entering in 2027 must follow the curriculum requirements and follow the school and faculty structure required of freshman entering in the 2025 academic year. I. For transfer applicants, more than 2 years of enrollment may be required for graduation. 3. Information for Applicants to Graduate Programs A. Please note that the proportion of courses taught in English may vary among departments in The (General) Graduate School and most courses are taught in Korean. Ⅶ-2. General Information for All Applicants 1. Applicants may be contacted individually by phone or email for additional documents if necessary. Therefore, applicants must provide an accurate phone number and email address at which they can be directly reached. Ewha Womans University will not be responsible for any disadvantages caused by incorrect contact information provided by the applicant. 2. Any matter not specified in this admissions guide about the university's special admissions process for international applicants shall be settled under the decision of admissions related committees of Ewha Womans University. 3. Details of the selection process and scores will not be disclosed. 4. Submitted documents will not be returned. 5. If a misrepresentation is discovered during the application process, or the applicant is found to have made any alterations to the application materials (including those submitted by a proxy) or perpetrated any type of fraud, the applicant's admission may be revoked. This applies even if the fraudulence has had no immediate effect on the applicant's admission. The university may prohibit any such applicants whose admission has been revoked due to this issue from reapplying in the future. 6. Applicants who significantly interfere with the University's admissions-related operations may be held civilly and/or criminally liable. 7. In case of discrepancies between the Korean version of this admissions guide and English or Chinese versions, the Korean version shall prevail. - 30 Ⅶ-3. Information for Admitted Applicants Admitted applicants will go through a registration process as below. Detailed information (dates, procedures) regarding each step will be provided via email. ※ Please make sure to provide an accurate email address on your application. 1. Submission of Statement of Intent to Register A. Applicants with the intent to enroll must submit the Statement of Intent to Register by the designated date (to be announced). B. The following procedures for entrance will be open only to applicants who have submitted the Statement of Intent to Register. 2. Submission of Additional Documents for Admitted Applicants A. Applicants who were not able to submit academic documents issued by foreign schools or universities (such as degrees, graduation, completion certificates, academic transcripts, etc.) with Apostille or Consular authentication and in the case of China, CHSI verification during the document submission period must submit them by no later than December 31, 2026 to the International Student Affairs Team after being notified of the admissions results. B. Applicants who submitted a certificate of expected graduation (or completion for transfer applicants) during the application period must submit their certificate of graduation (or completion for transfer applicants) to the International Student Affairs Team before the start of the semester (Tuesday, March 2, 2027) 3. Tuition Payment A. Admitted applicants with the intent to enroll must make the tuition payment during the designated period in January to the designated bank account. B. Applicants who have received acceptance letters from more than one university in Korea must choose only one university. Violation of this will result in revocation of admission. 4. Certificate of Admission and Study Abroad Visa A. A Certificate of Admission (CoA) will be issued to those who have a) submitted the "Statement of Intent to Register (SIR)," b) submitted an application for a CoA, c) completed tuition payment, and d) submitted original copies of final and authenticated academic documents as outlined in the "Information on Authentication of International Academic Documents" section and an original copy of a bank balance certificate. B. Applicants must individually apply for a study abroad visa or a change to a study abroad visa. C. The status of the sojourn allowed to study in Korea is determined pursuant to the guidelines of the Korea Immigration Service, which are subject to change and may vary depending on each individual's situation. Thus, please make sure to individually check with the Korea Immigration Service. 5. Housing Information A. Undergraduate: Applicants can apply for on-campus housing during the general housing application period. Only undergraduate students are prioritized for on-campus housing. B. Graduate: Applicants can apply for entrance to on-campus housing when submitting the Statement of Intent to Register (SIR). Housing prioritization is on a first-come-first-served basis and Housing availability will be individually notified during the registration period. ※ Please refer to page 37 for more housing information. - 31 6. Orientation for Incoming Students and Course Registration There will be an orientation for incoming international students and course registration in mid-February 2027 7. Health Insurance Requirements A. According to the revision of the Enforcement Rule of the National Health Insurance Act, international students are subject to mandatory subscription to Korean National Health Insurance. B. Foreigners subscribed to the National Health Insurance must pay their monthly insurance premium. Failure to make the payment may result in restriction on residence permits, such as visa extensions. C. International students must maintain both national and private health insurance coverage during the period of their enrollment at Ewha. D. Further information will be announced later to admitted students. - 32 Ⅷ Scholarships 1. Scholarships for Incoming International Students Spring Semester 2027 Scholarship Eligibility Coverage Duration EGPP (Ewha Global Partnership Program) Applicants from developing countries whose potential for growth as female leaders is recognized, who apply to the undergraduate or general graduate program under the special admission track Full tuition (including admission fee), housing fee (for dormitory residents), stipend • Undergraduate* -Freshman: max 8 semesters -Transfer: max 4 semesters • Graduate* -Master's: max 4 semesters -Doctoral & Combined: max 6 semesters ISS (International Students Scholarship) ISS F4 (Full tuition - 4 years) Outstanding Admissions Evaluation Applicant seeking admission for undergraduate programs (freshman) through the special admissions process for international applicants Full tuition (including admission fee) Max 8 semesters* ISS F2 (Full tuition - 2 years) Outstanding Admissions Evaluation Applicants seeking admission for undergraduate or graduate programs through the special admissions process for international applicants Max 4 semesters* ISS TOPIK4 ,5,6 ( U n d e r g r a d u a t e ) Applicants with a TOPIK level 4 score who are seeking admission for undergraduate programs (freshman) through the special admissions process for international applicants** Partial tuition First semester - The semester the student is admitted Applicants with a TOPIK level 5 score who are seeking admission for undergraduate programs (freshman & transfer) through the special admissions process for international applicants** Half tuition (including admission fee) Applicants with a TOPIK level 6 score who are seeking admission for undergraduate programs (freshman & transfer) through the special admissions process for international applicants** Full tuition (including admission fee) ISS TOPIK6 (Graduate) Applicants with a TOPIK level 6 score who are seeking admission for graduate programs (Master's, Doctoral, Combined) through the special admissions process for international applicants, whose application is evaluated as outstanding** Full tuition (including admission fee) First semester - The semester the student is admitted - Deferment is not allowed for students taking a leave of absence ISS Higher Education for Ewha Talents Applicants who have graduated from Ewha and who are currently working as a faculty member at a university or high school in their home country, and applying to the advanced degree beyond their current degree level through the special admissions for international applicants. Full tuition (including admission fee) Max 4 semesters* Hansol International An international student from Latin America or Africa who is applying to a general graduate school (Master's, Full tuition (including admission fee) Until Graduation* - 33 Scholarship Eligibility Coverage Duration Doctoral, or Combined) under the special admission track for foreign students Ewha SEED Applicants seeking admission for graduate programs (Master's, Doctoral, or Combined) in science and engineering fields under the special admissions process for International Students, with outstanding performance in the admission evaluation. Three-quarters of tuition (including admission fee) ※1st semester 100%, 2nd semester 50% Max 2 semesters* - Deferment is not allowed for students taking a leave of absence Ewha Language Center (ELC) Excellence in Korean Language Scholarship Applicants seeking admission for undergraduate programs (freshman) through the special admissions process for international applicants, after having completed at least 3 semesters (including Level 5 or above) of the ELC Korean Intensive Program ※ Applicants for the Ewha Language Center (ELC) Excellence in Korean Language Scholarship must submit certificates of completion of at least 3 semesters, including level 5 or above at the time of application. Partial tuition 1st semester Outstanding Doctoral Students (N) Applicants seeking admission to a doctoral program at the General Graduate School who have financial difficulties (Application must be submitted to the college to which the applicant's department belongs; the application period will be announced separately.) Full tuition (excluding admission fee) 1 year***** Ewha Excellence in Research Applicants who have graduated from Ewha (undergraduate level) and have graduated or are expected to graduate from Ewha (Master's level), who have been admitted to a Doctoral program in the Liberal Arts and Social Sciences and Art & Athletic fields (based on applied major) • Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from Ewha General/Professional/Special Graduate School are eligible to apply. • Applicants must apply within 3 years (6 semesters) after obtaining a Master's degree at Ewha. ※ Spring 2027: Applicants who have obtained a Master's degree between August 2024 and February 2027 • Cumulative GPA requirements (out of 4.3): - Master's: 3.75 or above - Bachelor's: 3.50 or above Full tuition (excluding admission fee) 1 year*** - 34 ※ The above information is subject to change. ※ List of countries for EGPP scholarship can be found on the webpage of OECD > DAC List of ODA Recipients. (http://www.oecd.org/dac/financing-sustainable-development/development-finance-standards/daclist.htm) * Recipients must meet the minimum GPA & credit requirement (Undergraduate) and the minimum GPA requirement (Graduate) to maintain the scholarship. ** TOPIK scholarships are eligible only for those who have a TOPIK score at the time of submitting their application; applicants must submit a valid TOPIK score report during the online application period. Applicants who select "TOPIK(취득예정)" will not be considered for these scholarships. TOPIK submitted after the online application period will be used to satisfy the admission eligibility requirement only, not for scholarship selection. *** Recipients must earn a minimum 4.0 GPA(out of 4.3) in the previous semester to maintain the scholarship. Scholarship Eligibility Coverage Duration Outstanding Ewhaian Scholarship Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from Ewha (undergraduate level), who have been admitted to a Master's or Combined program in the Liberal Arts, Social Science, or Art & Athletic fields • Cumulative GPA**** requirements (out of 4.3): Bachelor's 3.50 or above Half tuition (excluding admission fee) 2 year*** Outstanding Ewha Scientist Scholarship Applicants who have graduated from Ewha (undergraduate level) and have graduated or are expected to graduate from Ewha (Master's level), who have been admitted to a Doctoral program in the Natural Science or Engineering fields (based on applied major) • Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from Ewha General/Professional/Special Graduate School are eligible to apply. • Applicants must apply within 3 years (6 semesters) after obtaining a Master's degree at Ewha. ※ Spring 2027: Applicants who have obtained a Master's degree between August 2024 and February 2027 • Cumulative GPA requirements (out of 4.3): - Master's: 3.75 or above - Bachelor's: 3.50 or above Full tuition (excluding admission fee) 1 year*** Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from Ewha (undergraduate level), who have been admitted to a Master's or Combined program in the Natural Science or Engineering fields (based on applied major) • Cumulative GPA**** requirements (out of 4.3): - Bachelor's: 3.5 or above Half tuition (excluding admission fee) 2-year*** - 35 Deferment is not allowed for students taking a leave of absence for reasons other than maternity leave. **** For undergraduate students expected to graduate, cumulative GPA up to the second semester of the 2026 academic year is recognized, excluding grades from the 2026 winter semester. ***** Requirements for continuous payment: GPA of at least 3.00 (out of 4.3) for the previous semester shall be maintained and shall not be carried forward when taking a leave of absence (however, a leave of absence due to childbirth can be carried forward with scholarship) 2. Scholarships for Continuing International Students Scholarship Eligibility Coverage How to Apply ISS M (Merit-based) _Undergraduate Undergraduate students admitted through the special admissions process for international applicants, fully enrolled, having earned a minimum of 15 credits without failure in the previous semester, and shown outstanding academic achievement ※ Students with TOPIK level 4 or above (exception: Division of International Studies) Varied amounts of tuition (based on ranking) Recipients are automatically selected and will be notified individually ISS M (Merit-based) _Graduate The (General) Graduate School students admitted through the special admissions process for international applicants, fully enrolled, having earned a minimum 3.5 GPA (out of 4.3) in the previous semester, and shown outstanding academic achievement ※ Students with TOPIK level 4 or above Varied amounts of tuition (based on ranking) Apply online to the International Student Affairs Team each semester ISS V (Volunteerbased) International undergraduate and The (General) Graduate School students, fully enrolled, having completed at least 10 credits (undergraduate) or 6 credits (graduate), and earned a minimum 2.0 GPA (out of 4.3) in the previous semester ※ Students with TOPIK level 4 or above (exception: Division of International Studies) ※ Recipients' roles: ISAT Student A ssistant or O nline A m bassador Varied amount Apply online to the International Student Affairs Team each semester A. Applying for a Scholarship 1) Required Documents: Fill out the "Scholarship Application Form (Form 4)," save it as a PDF file, and upload it when submitting your online application. 2) Submission Period: Same as the application period for admission ※ Recipients of the Ewha Excellence in Research Scholarship, the Outstanding Ewhaian Scholarship and the Outstanding Ewha Scientist Scholarship are automatically selected without a separate application process. Other scholarships can only be awarded to scholarship applicants. B. Selection Process Recipients will be selected through a comprehensive evaluation of their qualities and potential as global female leaders, as well as their potential to contribute to international exchange, based on the submitted documents. C. Final Selection Decision: Scholarship and admission decisions will be announced together on the ISAT website at http://isa.ewha.ac.kr D. Notes 1) Some scholarship applicants may be contacted individually for an online interview. 2) The Ewha International Students Steering Committee may reduce the award amount or suspend/terminate the scholarship completely upon review if the recipients fail to meet the requirements to maintain their scholarship during their study period, is unable to continue their studies, or is found to have violated rules on academic integrity or student code of conduct. - 36 ※ The above information is subject to change. ※ The University will administer scholarships in accordance with Ewha Womans University scholarship regulations. ※ Contact: International Student Affairs Team (ECC B329, ☎ 82-2-3277-6989, isadmit@ewha.ac.kr) Ⅸ Tuition Fee Tuition Fee (per semester) Undergraduate 1st year 2nd year~ ∙ HOKMA College: App. 6,310,000 KRW ∙ College of Nursing, Scranton College (International Studies): App. 5,090,000 - 5,530,000 KRW * including admission fee ∙ College of Liberal Arts, Social Sciences, Business Administration, Science & Industry Convergence (Liberal Arts), Scranton College (International Studies): App. 4,640,000 - 5,560,000 KRW ∙ College of Natural Sciences, Engineering, Science & Industry Convergence (Natural Sciences), College of Nursing, College of Artificial Intelligence: App. 5,530,000 - 6,210,000 KRW ∙ College of Music, Art & Design, Science & Industry(Content Convergence/Fashion Industry): App. 6,270,000 - 6,430,000 KRW Graduate 1st semester 2nd semester~ ∙ Humanities & Social Sciences: App. 7,380,000 KRW ∙ Natural Sciences·Engineering: App. 8,390,000 ~ 9,610,000 KRW ∙ Arts & Athletics: App. 7,370,000 ~ 9,680,000 KRW ∙ Medicine: App. 10,560,000 KRW *Including admission fee ∙ Humanities & Social Sciences: App. 6,350,000 KRW ∙ Natural Sciences·Engineering: App. 7,360,000 ~ 8,580,000 KRW ∙ Arts & Athletics: App. 6,350,000 ~ 8,650,000 KRW ∙ Medicine: App. 9,530,000 KRW ※ The above information is based on Fall 2026 tuition rates and is subject to change. Scholarship Eligibility Coverage How to Apply ISS TOPIK _Undergraduate Undergraduate students admitted through the special admissions process for international applicants, fully enrolled, having earned a minimum 2.0 GPA (out of 4.3) in the previous semester, and having newly obtained TOPIK level 6 within a year ※ EGPP, GKS, ISS F, TOPIK 4,5,6 recipients are not eligible ※ Cannot be awarded more than once during the entire period of enrollment Varied amount Apply online to the International Student Affairs Team each semester - 37 Ⅹ Housing Information 1. Overview ※ Important notices are updated on the dormitory website, including the housing fee. 2. Eligibility Successful applicants selected through the admissions for international applicants for Spring 2027 ※ Undergraduate students can apply during the general application period for Spring 2027 and are given priority for on-campus housing. Please note that the dormitory building or room type may change depending on the semester. ※ Graduate students admitted through the admissions for international applicants may apply for priority dormitory placement during their first semester through the International Student Affairs Team. However, some priority placement applications may be declined based on room availability. ※ For students admitted through priority placement, dormitory residence is limited to a maximum of one year from the semester of admission. This policy applies to both undergraduate and graduate students. Categories E-House I-House Room Rates Spring 2027: 123 nights (rates in KRW) Spring 2027: 123 nights (rates in KRW) Building Room Type Rates E-House Single(Disabled) 2,211,290 Single(Big) 2,211,290 Single(Long) 1,983,010 Single(Short) 1,871,810 Single(Pilaster) 1,696,420 Double(Big) 1,799,610 Double(General) 1,696,420 Double(Non-unit) 1,645,370 Triple(Big) 1,539,220 Triple(General) 1,450,540 Quad 1,367,640 Building Room Type Rates A/B Double 1,976,490 Single 3,063,930 Single(B) 2,471,070 C/D Double 1,976,490 Single 3,349,540 Hanwoori House Spring 2027: 123 nights (rates in KRW) Building Room Type Rates 101 Double 1,226,280 103 Double 1,272,000 Quad(Balcony) 1,043,640 Quad(General) 957,000 Quad(Wall View) 890,760 * The dormitory fee is based on the 2026 academic year and is subject to change in the future Facilities 1) Types of room: Single to quad rooms 2) Main facilities - Each room includes a bed, desk, chair, bookshelf, closet, shoe rack, on-campus extension phone - Common areas: common kitchen, fitness room, study room, lounge, laundry room, prayer room, kitchenette on each floor Dormitory Cafeterias - E-House, Hanwoori House, and I-House have cafeterias - The housing fee does not include meal plans - Meal plan application guide will be provided on the Housing Office website - 38 XI Relevant Departments and Contact Information Information and Inquiries Department Contact Information Admission Inquiries International Student Affairs Team Website - http://isa.ewha.ac.kr Email - isadmit@ewha.ac.kr ☎ 82-2-3277-3818 General Information & Scholarship Information Website - http://isa.ewha.ac.kr Email - isadmit@ewha.ac.kr ☎ 82-2-3277-6989 Housing Dormitory Website: http://dmtry.ewha.ac.kr Email & Telephone number [Undergraduate/E-House] dmtry@ewha.ac.kr ☎ 82-2-3277-5905 [Graduate(EGPP)/E-House] dmtrygr@ewha.ac.kr ☎ 82-2-3277-5905 [Graduate/I-House] ihouse@ewha.ac.kr ☎ 82-2-3277-6001 Learning Korean Language Ewha Language Center Website - http://elc.ewha.ac.kr/ Email - kfl@ewha.ac.kr ☎ 82-2-3277-6958 - 39 XII Campus Map # 국제학생팀 International Student Affairs Team ☞ (Building No.38) ECC B329 # 언어교육원 Ewha Language Center ☞ (Building No.40) 이화삼성교육문화관 Ewha-Samsung Education Culture Building # 기숙사 Dormitory (E-House) ☞ (Building No.70) E-House # 기숙사 Dormitory (I-House) ☞ (Building No.71-74) I-House