Schools & Departments Application Guide Scholarships Featured Programs Fees & Bank Account Info Notice & Admission Results New Students 101 FAQ Online Application ZJU at a Glance Schools & Departments Application Guide Scholarships Featured Programs Fees & Bank Account Info Notice & Admission Results New Students 101 FAQ Online Application ZJU at a Glance Contact us 中文 Contact us 中文 homepage Application Guide Bachelor's Degree Programs Application Guide for Undergraduate Programs 2026 Application Guide for Undergraduate Programs 202 6 Zhejiang University (ZJU) is a comprehensive, research-oriented and innovative university with distinctive characteristics and great influence both domestically and internationally. It offers 13 disciplines, including Philosophy, Economics, Law, Education, Literature, History, Science, Engineering, Agriculture, Medicine, Management, Art and Interdisciplinary. With program length of 4-6 academic years, undergraduate programs are instructed in Chinese generally, while some English-taught programs are also available. Graduates fulfilling all the degree requirements will be awarded the bachelor's degree. I. Program Catalog 1 . Catalog of Chinese-taught Undergraduate Programs 202 6 （ Download ） 2. Catalog of English-taught Undergraduate Programs 202 6 （ Download ） The catalog of undergraduate programs is subject to change. Please pay attention to the updated information on this website. II. Application Duration From December 1 ， 2025 to February 28 , 202 6 . Deadline for certain majors is May 31, 202 6 . Please refer to the program catalog for details. Application for scholarships will be processed according to the schedules of different scholarships respectively. Note: Applicants must complete the application in the Online Application System for International Students ( Link ) before the deadline, and pay the application fee. Applications without the application fee paid before the deadline will be considered invalid. All dates and times listed are Beijing time. All deadlines include the day itself. III. Application Fee and Tuition Fee 1. Application Fee: RMB 800 yuan, non-refundable. 2. Tuition Fee: 2.1 To find the tuition fee of a specific program, please refer to the catalog of undergraduate programs. The final rates are subject to those stated in the official admission notice . 2.2 Tuition fees paid by self-funded international students are non-refundable in principle. 3. Way of Payment: Application fee and tuition fee should be paid in the online application system.If one fails to make the online payment, then one MUST remit the fee s to the University's Bank Account ( Link ) . Please mark application number and name when remitting, and upload the remittance letter to the online application s ystem. IV. Eligibility 1 .Requirements on Citizenship 1.1 Non-Chinese citizens with an ordinary foreign passport. 1.2 Requirements of the regulations set in the Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC should be met ( Link ) . 1. 2.1 Applicants who have given up their original Chinese citizenship (including residents in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) and become foreign citizens, must acquire foreign citizenship before April 30, 202 2 , and must have lived abroad for more than 2 years from April 30, 202 2 to April 30, 202 6 (more than 9 months of residence abroad per year can be considered as one year, taking entry and exit stamps as evidence). 1. 2.2 If the applicant has acquired foreign citizenship automatically at the time of birth in a foreign country, whose parents were both Chinese citizens, or one of the parents was a Chinese citizen, parent's (with Chinese citizenship) permanent resident in foreign country should be obtained prior to the birth of the applicant. Applicants must have lived abroad for more than 2 years from April 30, 202 2 to April 30, 202 6 (more than 9 months of residence abroad per year can be considered as one year, taking entry and exit stamps as evidence). Note : If the applicant is concluded to have Chinese citizenship by the exit - entry administration s of the Chinese public security organ s after application, admission or enrollment, their application eligibility, admission offer, enrollment qualification, or student status shall be revoked. 2 . General Requirements 2 . 1 Under the age of 25. Applicants must have graduated from high school (Those who provide pre-graduation certificate or student status certificate at application MUST provide s enior high school diploma no later than registration). 2 . 2 With proper moral conduct, in good health with no infectious disease or any physical or mental diseases that may affect study. 3. Language Proficiency Requirements 3.1 Applicants for Chinese-taught programs must have HSK certificate. Applicants whose compulsory courses were taught in Chinese during secondary education (junior and senior high school) can be exempt from submitting HSK certificate by providing certificate of language of instruction . 3.2 Applicants for English-taught programs must provide score report of English language test (e.g. TOEFL/IELTS/OTHER) , if their native language is not English . 4. Requirements on China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) According to the requirements of the higher authorities, starting from the 2026/2027 academic year, all international students applying for undergraduate programs are required to provide valid CSCA report . The China Scholarship Council will organize the first test on December 21, 2025, with registration opening in November. Specific times and arrangements will be released through the official website ( www.csca.cn ). Starting from 2026, the test service will be provided regularly, with five tests per year in January, March, April, June, and December. For the subjects and language of the test papers corresponding to each major, please refer to the program catalog. 5. Please refer to the program catalog for additional requirements and notes. V. Documents for Application Applicants must log in to the Online Application System for International Students of Zhejiang University, fill in clearly and upload completely the following materials as required. 1. Personal information page of passport . The expiry date of the passport should be after March 1, 202 7 . If it does not meet the time requirement, please renew it in advance. Passport information cannot be changed before registration for enrollment. 2. Senior high school diploma. Graduating students should provide pre-graduation certificate or student status certificate issued by current school. 3. Academic transcripts for all the courses in senior high school. Graduating students should submit transcripts up to the current stage. It is recommended to provide the applicant's relative ranking or percentile in high school. 4. Results of international standard tests (e.g. SAT/IB/GCE A-LEVEL/ACT/STPM/UEC/AST/ OTHER ) or university entrance exams of the applicant's country . (if applicable) 5. Language proficiency certificates. HSK certificate , certificate of Chinese-language instruction in junior and senior high school , TOEFL or IELTS test report , or other proof which can reflect the applicant' s English proficiency. 6. Score r eport of China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) . 7. Personal statement, includ ing study experience, reasons for application, personal strengths ,about 800 words. 8. Two recommendation letters, in principle from high school teachers . (Teachers' signature, contact phone number and email address must be put on the letter.) 9. Award-winning Certificates related to academic courses during senior high school period. ( i f applicable) 10. Applicants who have given up their original Chinese citizenship and become foreign citizens shall provide: 10 .1 Documents certifying the cancellation of Chinese citizenship, 10 .2 Documents certifying the cancellation of Chinese household registration, 10 .3 Documents certifying the acquirement of foreign citizenship, 10 .4 Exit and Entry Record on passport, from April 30, 202 2 to April 30, 202 6 , 10 .5 Self-Statement Form of Nationality Status and Nationality Confirmation and Guarantee Letter ( Download ) . 11 . Applicants who have acquired foreign citizenship automatically at the time of birth in a foreign country, whose parents were both Chinese citizens, or one of the parents was a Chinese citizen shall provide: 11 .1Documents certifying acquiring foreign citizenship at the time of birth, 11 .2Documents certifying parent's (with Chinese citizenship) permanent residence in foreign country before the birth of the applicant, 11 .3 Exit and Entry Record on passport, from April 30, 202 2 to April 30, 202 6 , 11 .4 Self-Statement Form of Nationality Status and Nationality Confirmation and Guarantee Letter ( Download ) . 1 2 . Applicants under the age of 18 (by September 1st, 202 6 ) should submit Letter of Guardian Guarantee （ Download ） and the guardian must be an adult living in Chinese mainland. 1 3 . Commitments for Zhejiang University International Student Application ( Download ) . T he PDF version of the Commitments must be clearly and completely filled out and hand-signed. Notes: 1 .The above application materials must be in Chinese or English, and notarized copies of translations must be provided for texts in other languages along with the original copy . 2. Please ensure that all required materials have been uploaded in accordance with the requirements. Once the application is submitted, supplementary materials will generally not be accepted. The university reserves the right to request additional supporting documents from the applicant. 3 . All application materials will be reviewed and processed through the application system. Please do NOT post the hard copies of the application materials or send them by email, which will NOT be reviewed and processed. VI. Admission and Notification 1. The university will conduct a preliminary review of the applicant's materials. Those who pass the preliminary review will take video interview arranged by academic schools. Students are admitted on the basis of competitive selection according to their academic performance in senior high school, language proficiency and performance in the interview,etc. The university will determine the name list of preliminary admission in different batches according to the application received. 2.Applicants who receive the Pre-Admission Notice should prepay the first year tuition fee i n the Online Application System within the specific time period stated on the Notice. The pre-admission will be canceled if applicants fail to prepay the first year tuition fee within the stated time period. Applicants who complete the payment will be formally admitted. 3. Admission Notice can be downloaded from the Online Application System from the end of June, 202 6 . Download link of the electronic Confirmation Form for Study in China （ for visa ） will be sent to the permanent email address filled in the application system by the applicant. Hard copies of Admission Notice and Confirmation Form for Study in China will no longer be provided. 4. The university will release information related to admission and interview through the website of the International College, the websites of relevant academic school s, the application system, emails, and other means. Applicants are advised to regularly visit the websites, application system, and check their emails. Any consequences resulting from the applicant's personal negligence will be the responsibility of the applicant. Notes: 1 . The university will only reserve study places for students who have pre paid the tuition for the first academic year. If students later, for personal reasons, give up enrollment at our university , prepaid tuition fee for the first academic year will NOT be refunded. 2 . For the admitted students who are disqualified from enrollment by the university as they fail to meet the university 's registration requirements, the prepaid tuition fee will NOT be refunded. 3. If new policies are issued by superior departments, corresponding adjustments will be made. VII. Registration 1. The online pre-registration is expected to be at the end of August 2026, and the on-site registration is expected to be in early September 2026. The exact dates will be announced on the website of the International College. New ly admitted students are required to come to the university for registration within the specified time. 2. The original graduation certificate s and original language proficiency certificate s will be verified upon on-site registration. Those who fail to provide the corresponding certificates will be disqualified from enrollment. 3. S tudents are not allowed to have more than one student status registered at Chinese universities simultaneously. VIII. Scholarships 1. Chinese Government Scholarship-Bilateral Program (CSC Type A) ( Link ) Only open to Chinese-taught programs. Applicants should directly contact the dispatching authorities for overseas study of their home countries. When completing the scholarship application form, the applicant should select Zhejiang University as the first preference institution. 2. Zhejiang Government Scholarship ( Link ) Only open to Chinese-taught programs. Applicants need to fill in the Zhejiang Government Scholarship Application Form ( Download ) an d upload it together with other application materials to the online application system. 3. Scholarships for ZJU-UoE Institute Dual Degree Programs ( English-taught ) （ Link ） 4. Scholarship for Global Communication and Management Program ( English-taught ) ( Link ) 5. Scholarship for MBBS program ( English-taught ) ( Link ) IX. Medical Insurance Fee: 800 RMB yuan/academic year According to the regulations of the Ministry of Education, international students must purchase comprehensive medical insurance in the mainland of China as a necessary requirement for their registration for the new semester. Students who fail to purchase the comprehensive medical insurance as required will NOT be registered by the university. Information related to purchasing insurance will be notified in detail in the registration notice. X. Accommodation For accommodation details, please refer to the " Current Student-Accommodation " ( Link ) on the website of the International College of Zhejiang University. Please refer to further notices for specific arrangement for accommodation. XI. Contact Address: Room 416, International College Building, West Zone, Zijingang Campus, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou,China Post Code: 310058 Chinese-taught program Tel: +86 571 87951456 Email: admission2@zju.edu.cn English -taught program Tel: +86 571 87951 718 Email: admission5@zju.edu.cn Website of the Online Application System : https://intlstudent.zju.edu.cn/ Website of Zhejiang University International Admissions: https://iczu.zju.edu.cn/admissionsen/ We b site of the International College of Zhejiang University : https://iczu.zju.edu.cn/iczuen/ Note: Should there be any change in the above content, the final interpretation from the International College of Zhejiang University shall prevail. Please pay attention to the update s on the website of the International College (Link) in time. For more information, please follow us at: WeChat : lxzdZJU Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ZhejiangUniversityChina/ X: https://x.com/ZJU_China Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/zhejianguniversity LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/school/zhejiang-university/ YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/ZhejiangUniversityChina TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@zhejianguniversitychina?lang=en Copyright@2022 International college,Zhejiang University All Rights Reserved Technical Support: Skyworth Software Manage Login Historical visits: 1000 Quick Links ZJU International College International Campus ZJU-ISM