Skip to Content International Students Jagiellonian University high contrast version A A A log in pl menu International Students Jagiellonian University Jagiellonian University Home News Developement and learning NAWA Students About University Studies Fees Forms Legalization of stay Health insurance Safety and Health Education Training (BHK) Scholarships Dormitories Standard Student's Guide Various support services Admission Academic schedule Legal acts and basis PhD Exchange ERASMUS+ Other exchange Center for International Cooperation Course offer Learning Polish JU Ambassadors Projects Intro Days NicetoSeeJU! EksplorUJ Per Aspera Ad Astra Contact Fees - Studenci zagraniczni Uniwersytet Jagielloński Studenci zagraniczni Students Fees Home NAWA Students About University Studies Fees Forms Legalization of stay Health insurance Safety and Health Education Training (BHK) Scholarships Dormitories Standard Student's Guide Various support services Admission Academic schedule Legal acts and basis PhD Exchange JU Ambassadors Projects Contact Tuition fees All international students undertake first-, second-, and long-cycle studies on a fee-paying basis. All students sign the Declaration of acknowledgement of payment for studies during enrolment. All necessary information is available below. The rules of tuition fees applicable at Jagiellonian University are described in the Order no. 65 of the Rector of Jagiellonian University of 18 June 2024 . The amount of the tuition fees is determined in the Rector's order. The legal acts regulating the tuition fees, including those from previous years, are available here . Below you may find information on tuition fees and exemptions. Important! Ukrainian citizens who have been granted temporary protection pursuant to the Council Implementing Decision (EU) 2026/1912 of 30 July 2026 extending temporary protection as introduced by Implementing Decision (EU) 2022/382 are entitled to pursue full-time studies in Polish without paying tuition fees until 4 March 2028 or until the day on which they lose temporary protection (UKR status). Therefore, after that point they may undertake and continue their studies under the rules described below. Tuition fees - studies in Polish All candidates without Polish citizenship who apply for admission to study at Jagiellonian University participate in admission according to the same rules as foreigners, regardless of the way of financing their studies and the type of secondary school certificate (matura). The possession of a Polish matura does not entitle one to admission under the rules applicable to Polish citizens. Notice! Neither the Pole's Card nor the residence card constitute a confirmation of Polish citizenship! Foreigners are obliged to pay the tuition fees, excluding situations referred to below. Rules of payment of the tuition fees at Jagiellonian University are regulated by this Order . The amount of the tuition fees depends on the study programme and is available in the card of studies in the Online Application System (IRK) in the "About studies" section, as well as in the order of the Rector of the Jagiellonian University for the particular academic year. Tuition fees for full-time studies are paid in two semester instalments; for part-time studies, in eight instalments. The first instalment must be paid within 7 days of enrolment (document delivery). International students not charged for full-time programs in Polish (part-time studies are paid for all students), holders of a particular document which confirms the eligibility to study on a non-fee-paying basis: citizens of the EU, Swiss Confederation, Norway or Iceland (member states of the European Free Trade Association - EFTA) - parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area and their family members living on the territory of the Republic of Poland; valid Pole's Card holders or individuals holding a decision (not an opinion) about being confirmed as a person of Polish descent; individuals who were granted a permanent residence permit (holders of a permanent residence card) or a residence permit for a long-term EU resident; individuals who were granted a temporary residence permit concerning the circumstances referred to in the Art. 186 section 1 point 3 or 4 of the Act on Foreigners of 12 December 2013; individuals who were granted a temporary residence permit for family reunification (Art. 159 section 1 of the Act on Foreigners - this provision should be mentioned in the decision of granting of the permit) individuals with refugee status granted in the Republic of Poland or persons who benefit from temporary or subsidiary protection on the territory of the Republic of Poland (holders of residence cards with refugee status or other decision regarding granting of the card); holders of a Polish as a foreign language certificate at at least the C1 level. Only certificates issued by the State Commission for the Certification of Proficiency in Polish as a Foreign Language are valid; a spouse, child or parent in the direct ascending or descending line of the citizen of the Republic of Poland living on the territory of Poland; individuals who were granted a temporary residence permit for scientific research (Art. 151 section 1 of the Act on Foreigners of 12 December 2013 - this provision should be mentioned in the decision of granting the permit); individuals who were granted a temporary residence permit for long-term researcher's mobility (Art. 151b section 1 of the Act on Foreigners of 12 December 2013 - this provision should be mentioned in the decision of granting the permit) individuals who were granted a temporary residence permit for working in a field requiring high qualifications (Art. 127 section 1 of the Act on Foreigners of 12 December 2013 - this provision should be mentioned in the decision of granting the permit); individuals who were granted a temporary residence permit for long-term mobility for the EU Blue Card holders (Art. 137a of the Act on Foreigners of 12 December 2013 - this provision should be mentioned in the decision of granting the permit); individuals who stay in the Republic of Poland due to a short-term researcher's mobility referred to in the Art. 156b section 1 of the Act on Foreigners of 12 December 2013 - this provision should be mentioned in the decision granting the permit; holders of a national visa for scientific research or development work; citizens of Ukraine who crossed the Polish-Ukrainian border after 24th February 2022, with temporary protection ( Art. 2 section 6 of the Act on assistance to citizens of Ukraine in connection with armed conflict on the territory of Ukraine) until 4th March 2028. citizens of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland referred to in the Art. 10 section 1 letter b or d of the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community (EU Official Journal L29 of 31.01.2020, page 7 as amended 4), and their family members living on the territory of the Republic of Poland. Notice: the individuals mentioned above are not exempt from fees for retaking classes or for classes not included in a study programme. If you have a document which entitles you to an exemption from fees for a full-time programme in Polish, remember to check the option "I have a right to undertake a full-time programme in Polish free of charge" during admission. Otherwise, the tuition fees for studies may be charged. Tuition fees - studies in English International students undertaking studies in foreign languages pay for each study programme. Depending on the programme, the fees amount from PLN 16,000 (Environmental Protection and Management) to EUR 15,500 (MD program in English) for the first year of studies. The fees are paid for one semester. Candidates admitted for the first year are obliged to pay the first instalment at the latest within 7 days of enrolment (document delivery). The amount of the tuition fees depends on the study programme and is available in the card of studies in the Online Application System (IRK) in the "About studies" section, as well as in the order of the Rector of the Jagiellonian University. In exceptional cases, such as a difficult financial situation, high grades, or participation in international exchange programmes, a student may apply for a fee reduction or exemption, but this procedure is not available in the first year of studies. Detailed information on the amount of the fees is available in the studies catalogue in the Online Application System, in the "About studies" section of the studies card. NAWA scholarship International students may also be eligible for an exemption from the fees for studies in English upon the grant of one of the National Agency for Academic Support (NAWA) scholarships. NAWA scholarship holders are exempt from fees for studies in accordance with the rules set out in the Director of NAWA's decision. Notice: if you declare that you apply for the NAWA scholarship during admissions, and fail to obtain it, you will be obliged to pay the fees for your studies! Read More o Ukrainian citizens Ukrainian citizens who arrived in Poland after 24 February 2022 and have been granted temporary protection (UKR status) may undertake full-time studies in Polish without paying tuition fees until 4 March 2028 pursuant to the Council Implementing Decision (EU) 2026/1912 of 30 July 2026 extending temporary protection as introduced by Implementing Decision (EU) 2022/382. After that date, if this entitlement is not extended, they will be obliged to pay tuition fees, unless they hold one of the documents listed above in the "tuition fees - studies in Polish" section. Part-time studies and studies in English are paid for all students. Important! Individuals who have obtained a CUKR residence card, have lost UKR status or have obtained a temporary residence card on the basis of studying, working, or other circumstances not described above in the section concerning studies in Polish, are not entitled either to undertake studies without paying tuition fees or to apply for a social scholarship. Change of the form of financing the studies after enrolment If you obtain a document allowing the exemption from the fees after the enrolment, you may apply for the change of the form of financing the studies. To do that, please contact the International Students Office (ISO) at iso@uj.edu.pl. Students who apply for the change of the form of financing the studies based on the temporary protection for Ukrainians, the so-called "UKR status" must attach the status certificate issued no more than 30 days earlier. If you apply for the change of the financing of the studies before the beginning of the academic year, the total amount of fees paid is refunded. If it happens later, you will be obliged to pay the fees for the period between the beginning of the academic year and the date of delivery of the application. Remember to contact ISO as soon as you get the document entitling to the change of the form of financing of the studies. The application template is available below. Deliver it with the document confirming the entitlement for the change to: International Students Office Ingardena 6 (entrance from Oleandry 2a) 30-060 Kraków The application form in English can be found here . Hidden Home NAWA Students PhD Exchange JU Ambassadors Projects Contact Site map International Students Dział Obsługi Studentów Zagranicznych ul. Ingardena 6 (wejście od ul. Oleandry 2A), Welcome Centre, I piętro, 30-060 Kraków Dostępność w Centrum Wsparcia Dydaktyki coordinates: 50.061291, 19.91981 © 2010-2026 Jagiellonian University in Kraków, JU Website Privacy Policy Cookie settings Accessibility statement (wymaga aktualizacji) Menu Home News Developement and learning NAWA Students About University Studies Fees Forms Legalization of stay Health insurance Safety and Health Education Training (BHK) Scholarships Financial aid Dormitories Standard Student's Guide Various support services Admission Academic schedule Legal acts and basis PhD Exchange ERASMUS+ Other exchange Center for International Cooperation Course offer Learning Polish JU Ambassadors Projects Intro Days NicetoSeeJU! EksplorUJ Per Aspera Ad Astra Contact