Comenius University Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Natural Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Jessenius Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics Faculty of Roman-Catholic Theology Evangelical Lutheran Theological Faculty Faculty of Management Faculty of Social and Economic Sciences Office365 IT services Sitemap EN EN SK RU Faculty of Management Comenius University Bratislava Main menu About Faculty Offices Study Research Services International Office Contact Login Faculty of Management CU > Study Back up one level About Faculty Offices Study STUDY PROGRAMS NEW DOUBLE DEGREE PROGRAM WHY TO STUDY DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR APPLICATION HOW TO APPLY - STEP BY STEP ECTS Systems of Credits Study Guide for academic year 2026/2027 Full time study Rigorous Examination Procedure Post Graduate Study (PhD.) International Relations Research Services Partnership Study Faculty of Management offers accredited study programs at the Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD levels, all taught in English: Bachelor program: MANAGEMENT in the field Economy and Management Master program: MANAGEMENT in the field Economy and Management PhD program: MANAGEMENT in the field Economy and Management More details about the study programs you can find in the Study Guide Criteria for admission of applicants to full-time bachelor studies in English language to the Faculty of Management of the Comenius University Bratislava for AR 2026/202 7 Criteria for admission of applicants to full-time master studies in English language to the Faculty of Management of the Comenius University Bratislava for AR 2026/2027 Criteria for admission of applicants to full-time master's degree programmes for the joint study programme MANAGEMENT in English in cooperation with Bordeaux University School of Management at the Faculty of Management of the Comenius University Bratislava for AR 2026/2027 Deadlines and Fees Undergraduate study (bachelor) Important dates 1. Deadline to apply for studies: Round 1 by 31 March 2026 Round 2 by 31 May 2026 (subject to interest and capacity) - Second round of applications will not be opened due to capacity constraints 2. Deadline for submission of the mandatory annexes to the application form: Round 1 by 31 March 2026 Round 2 by 31 May 2026 - Second round of applications will not be opened due to capacity constraints 3. Deadline for payment of the admission fee: Round 1 by 31 March 2026 Round 2 by 31 May 2026 - Second round of applications will not be opened due to capacity constraints 4. Entrance examination deadline: May/July 2026 (depending on the application) 5. Dean's Admissions Committee meeting date: within 3 days of the date of the entrance examination 6. Deadline for publication of information to applicants on the result of the admission procedure: within 1 week of the date of the admission examination 7. Date for enrolment: September 2026 The application fee is 80,00 € The Tuition Fee for one whole academic year to students in English program is 1990,00 €. Standard length of study is three years for the full-time study. Graduate study (master) The deadlines for applications 1. Deadline to apply for studies: Round 1 by 31 May 2026 Round 2 by 31 June 2026 (subject to interest and capacity) 2. Deadline for submission of the mandatory annexes to the application form: Round 1 by 31 May 2026 Round 2 by 30 June 2026 3. Deadline for payment of the admission fee: Round 1 by 31 May 2026 Round 2 by 30 June 2026 4. Entrance examination deadline: May/June 2026 (depending on the application) 5. Dean's Admissions Committee meeting date: within 3 days of the date of the entrance examination 6. Deadline for publication of information to applicants on the result of the admission procedure: within 1 week of the date of the admission examination 7. Date for enrolment: September 2026 The application fee is 80,00 € The tuition fee for one academic year is 2490,00 €. The standard length of study is two years for the full-time study. Deadline for application UNDERGRADUATE STUDY (BACHELOR) GRADUATE STUDY (MASTER) To complete the enrolment you need to present a certificate of equivalence/validation of your education called "nostrification". For any kind of information, contact our study department: studywithus fm.uniba.sk Link to e-Application: https://e-prihlaska.uniba.sk/ The study program at the Faculty of Management of Comenius University in Bratislava (FM CU) is based on European Credit Transfer System (ECTS). This system enables FM CU to accomplish several goals: to define the extent of the instruction at a certain level of study, to define the range of obligatory and optional courses, to determine the compatibility of FM CU study program with those of other universities. The whole graduate study program is divided into two stages: the Bachelor study program and the Master study program. The Bachelor study program consists of the first three years of study and ends with a state exam. The minimum number of credits (ECTS) needed to accomplish this program is 180. The Master program consists of two years of study and ends with a thesis presentation and a final state examination. The minimum requirement for the completion of the Master's degree is 120 credits. The exams at FM CU have to be passed at the end of the teaching period. Graded exams have five possible grades: A - excellent, B - very good, C - good, D - satisfactory, E - sufficient and FX - fail. These exams must be passed during the examination period. If students "fail" at the graded exam for the first time, they are entitled to second and third chances. The study consists of various business-oriented subjects that cover general topics of economics, management, marketing, finance, accounting, project management, personnel management, and law. In addition, the study plan is also oriented to the modern trends in individual topics. The study emphasizes the most critical aspects of business studies while developing business English language and technical or presentation skills. Bachelor's degree students gain basic knowledge in various management fields and related scientific disciplines. Particular topics of interest can be developed when writing a bachelor's thesis. The bachelor's degree also offers opportunities for Erasmus+ mobility within the entire EU. The master's degree offers in-depth study in financial management, strategic management, marketing management, management of information systems, business ethics, and organizational behaviour, which enable the acquisition of comprehensive knowledge about managing different crucial aspects in companies. The master's degree offers two main study trajectories: Finance&Strategy, and IT&Marketing. The use of managerial skills is universal. In practice, however, it is increasingly in demand due to automation and robotization in industry, the expansion of Business Shared Services Centres and other international organizations in Slovakia. Graduates find employment in positions ranging from a business specialist, business analyst, company director, finance or personnel director, sales manager, quality manager, marketing specialist or marketing manager, process owner, consultant, or project manager. Particular topics of interest can be developed when writing a master's thesis. The master's degree also offers opportunities for Erasmus+ mobility within the entire EU and Erasmus+ internships in companies. e-Application Guides and Manuals About Faculty The Management Board Offices Protection of personal data Study Criteria for acceptance of applicants for studies Full time study ERASMUS+ Rigorous Examination Procedure Post Graduate Study (PhD.) Research Research Projects Research Themes Scientific Journals at FM CU Library Faculties Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Natural Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Jessenius Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics Faculty of Roman-Catholic Theology Evangelical Lutheran Theological Faculty Faculty of Management Faculty of Social and Economic Sciences Copyright © UK 2026 | Privacy policy | Cookies | Change consent settings Last modification: 17.10.2025 Login for administration infocentrum@uniba.sk | +421 2 9010 9986