Comenius University Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Natural Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Jessenius Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics Faculty of Roman-Catholic Theology Evangelical Lutheran Theological Faculty Faculty of Management Faculty of Social and Economic Sciences IT services Sitemap EN EN SK RU Faculty of Natural Sciences Comenius University Bratislava Main menu Faculty Departments Study Science International Relations Contact Login Faculty of Natural Sciences > Study > Applicant > Admission instructions - bachelor level Back up one level Admission instructions - bachelor level 2nd round of BSc. admission procedure Admission instructions - master level PhD. Study Programmes Admission instructions - bachelor level Please review the instructions carefully before you start to fill in your application form. Admission procedure The basic condition for admission is the successful completion of secondary school with a high school diploma. If the applicant choose to study in the English language , the most important condition for the admission to study a program realized in English is a knowledge of the English language at a level that enables studies in the English language, including a high school diploma with the English language final exam or an internationally recognized certificate in the English language (min. level B2). If the applicant choose to study in the Slovak language , the most important condition for admission of foreign applicants to study a program realized in the Slovak language is knowledge of the Slovak language at a level that enables studies in the Slovak language. A foreign applicant is obliged to take an entrance test on knowledge of the Slovak language and, in case of insufficient knowledge, to take an intensive Slovak language course before the start of the semester. Application form Submitting an electronic application form register in e-prihlas portal fill in the e-application -> including grades from school reports of 1st, 2nd and 3rd year of studies (secondary / high school) confirm e-application print e-application hard copy of application form should be stamped by secondary / high school to confirm the grades. Applicant who have graduated earlier shall attach verified final exams report. hard copy of application signed by an applicant should be sent to the faculty address (Faculty of Natural Sciences, Ilkovičova 6, 842 15 Bratislava) Required attachments : 1/ CV, 2/ confirmation of payment of administration fee, 3/verified copies of exam reports, 4/ copy of page of passport with photo and personal details (in color and high resolution) IMPORTANT: Please fill in your valid e-mail since faculty shall communicate with you electronically. A complete application consists of all above mentioned documents. Please note: if your application is not complete, we cannot begin your application review until we have received all required forms. The application will ask you to provide biographical and study information and to detail your extracurricular activities. It also includes forms for school officials to complete on your behalf. Please, in case of submit a paper version of your application, send the application and the attached documents) by email on address: katarina.milickova uniba.sk (English study programmes) or prif.so uniba.sk (Slovak study programmes). Once we receive your application, we will send you an email with further instructions. Please note: Applicants should maintain a valid e-mail address during the entire application process, as most of our information is communicated electronically. Please ensure that your e-mail account preferences and security settings permit Comenius University e-mails to be delivered without filtering or junk mail routing. If your e-mail address changes, you must inform us immediately. Download a paper version of application form Manual for e-Application Manual for Confirmation of the return slip Schedule of admission procedure 2026/2027 Date Start of submission of applications 15. 1. 2026 Deadline for submission of applications 16. 3. 2026 Information about admission exams * April 2026 Date of admission exams * 11. 6. 2026 Publication of admission exam results* 12. 6. 2026 Decision on admission/non-admission to study end of June 2026 Confirmation of interest in study with us ("návratka uchádzača") till 31. 7. 2026 Recognition of documents on studies abroad (nostrification)** till 16. 9. 2026 Registration for the 1st year of study first half of September * in case of exceeding the capacity for selected study programs (according to the number of applications) ** only successful applicants from abroad and Slovak citizens studying high school abroad Application Fee Fees for the admission procedure for the BSc. degree of study for the academic year 2026/2027 electronic application: €20 for each study program (the electronic application is one that is filled out in the electronic system and then sent in printed form to the faculty's address) paper application: €5 0 for one study program (the paper application is filled out on the form available on this website) and €20 for each additional study program Payment details: Bank name: VUB, a.s. Mlynské Nivy 1, 829 90 Bratislava Name of recipient: Prírodovedecká fakulta UK, Bratislava SWIFT: SUBASKBX IBAN: SK3481800000007000082845 Variable symbol: 223242 Specific symbol: applicant's birth date (DDMMYYYY) Payment note: applicant's name and surname Our system does not pair Revolut payments, please send the confirmation of payment fee also via e-mail or add as attachment to e-prihlas. Confirmation needs to contain full name of the applicant and study program. If you have any problem with payment, please contact: katarina.milickova uniba.sk (English study programmes) or prif.so uniba.sk (Slovak study programmes). Please note: The application fee is non-refundable. Admission Exam For all bachelor study programs (English and Slovak) at the Faculty of Natural Sciences CU, applicants will be admitted without admission exams, if the number of registered applicants does not exceed the capacity of the study program (see table 1 in the document Conditions for admission to bachelor study programs conducted at the Faculty of Natural Sciences in AR 2026/2027 ) . In case of exceeding the capacity of the concrete study program, decisions on admission are made by the faculty after careful evaluation of all applications. Evaluation is carried out based on a combination of factors such as student's achievements, secondary school reports and an entrance examination. It should be noted that satisfying minimal standards is not a guarantee of admission, since the number of qualified applicants exceeds the number of places available. Admission to Comenius University is competitive through the entrance examination. The interview pattern is listed here: E-mails with links to admission exams have been sent at the end of May / beginning of June. If you have not received the e-mail invitation, contact study department immediately. Environmental Studies (admission exam on June 11, 2026 at 11:00 CEST, online) Online test consists of multiple-choice questions (MCQ) in English. The approximate distribution of questions is as follows: Biology - 33 %; Chemistry - 33 %; Geography - 33 %. Applicants will receive details about the admission exams during April 2026. Biological Chemistry (admission exam on June 11, 2026 at 9:00 CEST, online) : Online test consists of two types of questions in English: closed questions with multiple answer options, of which one or more are correct, or open questions where you type the answer. The content of the test covers secondary-school-level basics of: Chemistry: general and inorganic chemistry (including solutions of chemical equations and chemical calculations), organic chemistry and biochemistry Biology: life sciences, including cell biology, genetics, plant and animal biology, human anatomy and physiology, metabolism and reproduction The approximate distribution of questions is as follows: Biology 50%, Chemistry 50%. Applicants will receive details about the admission exams during April 2026. Admission exams - Results Applicants will receive decision on admission/non admission with instructions how to proceed further by the end of the June. There will be no retake exam for AY 2026/27. If you have any questions about the application process, please contact: katarina.milickova uniba.sk (English study programmes) or prif.so uniba.sk (Slovak study programmes). Навчання на факультеті природничих наук Університету Коменського в Братиславі Nostrification Successful applicants from abroad and Slovak citizens graduating high school abroad must deliver a document of the equivalence of secondary school studies (so-called nostrification ) to the Department of Student Affairs of our faculty on the day of registration for studies (generally first half in September). Please note that the nostrification process usually takes 1-3 months . We therefore recommend applying for nostrification immediately after obtaining your high school diploma! The process of recognition of documents has 2 stages: 1) Transfer of grades from secondary schools abroad -> the foreign applicant transfers her/his grades to the Slovak scale based on the manual of the transfer of grades . 2) A foreign applicant (or a Slovak citizen graduating abroad) submits an application for nostrification at the Regional Office of the School Administration Bratislava (address: Tomášikova 3349/46, 831 04 Bratislava-Nové Mesto, Slovakia), or at the relevant Regional Office of the School Administration , if she/he has a permanent residence in Slovakia. Nostrification proces detail information Request for nostrification of documents For more information about nostrification, please contact: www.russ-ba.sk Please note: Without nostrification, it is not possible to register for the 1st year of study with us in September! A student who does not submit the nostrification even in the alternative deadline, will have her/his admission to study canceled... Temporary stay A citizen of a third country who plans to work, business or study on the territory of the Slovak Republic may be granted a temporary residence permit (after meeting the conditions established by law and on the basis of a submitted application). EU citizen - information sheet Slovak living abroad - information sheet Citizens of third countries - information sheet Basic information about Slovakia You can find useful information about life and stay in Slovakia in the attached information brochure: Vitajte na Slovensku - Welcome to Slovakia - Ласкаво просимо до Словаччини (EN version pp. 93-176, UA version pp. 177-268) Scholarship for talented students from abroad PDF version of information brochure Contact person for English study programmes Bc. Katarína Miličková, katarina.milickova uniba.sk Contact person for Slovak study programmes Department of Student Affairs FNS CU, prif.so uniba.sk Contact for foreign full-time BSc. and MSc. students English study programmes: Room: CH1-107 E-mail: katarina.milickova uniba.sk Slovak study programmes: Room: CH1-103/106 E-mail: prif.so uniba.sk Contact for foreign full-time PhD. students Room: CH2-101a/102 E-mail: PhDdepartment live.uniba.sk Contact for ERASMUS+ incoming students Room: CH2-337a E-mail: kristina.havlickova uniba.sk Faculty of Natural Sciences Comenius University in Bratislava Mlynská dolina Ilkovičova 6 842 15 Bratislava 4 Slovakia Faculty Management Departments International Relations Contact Protection of personal data Study Study Programmes in English PhD. Study Programmes AIS Science Faculties Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Natural Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Jessenius Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics Faculty of Roman-Catholic Theology Evangelical Lutheran Theological Faculty Faculty of Management Faculty of Social and Economic Sciences Copyright © UK 2026 | Privacy policy | Cookies | Change consent settings Last modification: 12.06.2026 Login for administration