Comenius University Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Natural Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Jessenius Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics Faculty of Roman-Catholic Theology Evangelical Lutheran Theological Faculty Faculty of Management Faculty of Social and Economic Sciences IT services Sitemap EN EN SK RU Comenius University Bratislava Main menu About Faculties and units Study Research Services International relations Media Contact Login Study Erasmus+ ENLIGHT Research university cooperation & mobility welcome centre COMENIUS UNIVERSITY OPENS ITS 108TH ACADEMIC YEAR Bratislava, 21 September, 2026: Comenius University Bratislava (CU) today marked the opening of its 108th academic year with a ceremony attended by the... NEW RANKING ASSESSES UNIVERSITY COLLABORATION: CU PLACES... Bratislava, 15 September 2026: Comenius University Bratislava (CU) has performed well in the first edition of the Research Collaboration Index. Compiled by... New 24-hour pharmacy combines teaching, expert care and... A round-the-clock pharmacy service returned to Bratislava on 1 September 2026. The pharmacy on Ružinovská Street is now open 24 hours a day, seven days a week,... FMPI scientists on a unique satellite hunt over the Pacific Slovak scientists from Comenius University Bratislava have once again made history in space safety research. They took part in ROSIE, an international airborne expedition supported by the European Space Agency (ESA), to document the controlled re-entry and break-up of two satellites at close range over the South Pacific. FMPI CU researchers speed up AI and make history Researchers at the Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics at Comenius University (FMPI CU) Bratislava have achieved a major breakthrough in artificial intelligence research. A team led by Dr Vladimír Boža and doctoral student Vladimír Macko has developed a method that can make large language models (LLMs) significantly faster and less resource-intensive. Their work has attracted international attention and earned prestigious Spotlight recognition at the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML) in Seoul. Comenius University at the QS Higher Ed Summit In late June, Budapest became the centre of a global discussion on the future of higher education. Comenius University Bratislava was represented at the prestigious QS Higher Ed Summit: Europe 2026 by Vice-Rector for External Relations Radomír Masaryk. More news > October - 2026 M T W T F S S 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Verification of documents E-shop About the university News History University bodies Study ERASMUS+ Recognizing certificates on study abroad Verification of documents Continuing education Research CU Science park Publications database HRS4R Faculties Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Natural Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Jessenius Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics Faculty of Roman-Catholic Theology Evangelical Lutheran Theological Faculty Faculty of Management Faculty of Social and Economic Sciences Copyright © UK 2026 | Privacy policy | Cookies | Change consent settings Login for administration infocentrum@uniba.sk | +421 2 9010 9986