Undergraduate Admissions Search Life at Illinois Housing & Dining Community & Belonging Support & Safety Student Life Facts & Rankings Champaign-Urbana Majors & Academics Majors Find Your Fit Colleges & Schools Academic Experience Cost & Aid Tuition & Costs Financial Aid Scholarships Value of Illinois Visit Campus Plan Your Visit Build Your Visit Self-Guided Tours Summer Programs Virtual Options Join Our Team Apply Choose Your Path First-Year Transfer Pathways Non-Degree Second Bachelor's Requirements First-Year Requirements Transfer Requirements International Requirements Admission Policies Dates & Deadlines First-Year Timeline Transfer Timeline Application Help How Admission Works Application Workshops Applicant FAQ Admissions Stats Applicant Communities Parents & Families In-State First-Generation Military-Connected International Undocumented Admitted Students Admitted Checklist New Student Registration Financial Aid Notification International Admitted Students Transfer Course Evaluation Report FAQ Get Updates Counselors myIllini Apply Admission Policies General Admission Policies General Admission Policies The following general university policies are applicable to all undergraduate applicants at both the beginning first-year and transfer student levels. To be eligible for consideration for admission, an applicant must meet certain requirements in terms of high school graduation, high school credits, and competence in English. Undergraduate Application Fee Waivers Applicants for admission must submit a $75 application fee to help defray processing costs. This amount is subject to change, and the fee is nonrefundable. The application fee (and acceptance fee) will be waived for domestic applicants if one of the criteria listed below is met: The applicant submits the NACAC Application Fee Waiver or Enrollment Deposit Fee Waiver . Note that the form must be signed by a school counselor, financial aid officer, social worker, or other person who, on a professional basis, has some knowledge of the applicant's financial situation. The applicant attends a waiver-approved recruitment event, including Discovering STEM in ACES Program, Gies Emerging Business Leaders Program, Salute to Academic Achievement, and Illinois College to Career Exploration. The applicant is currently employed at University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign or an allied agency (if eligible). Fee waivers are given to permanent academic and non-academic employees of the UI who have a 50 to 100% appointment and to certain employees of affiliated agencies whose appointments are in effect at the time the application is filed. The applicant is currently registered at the University of Illinois at Chicago or Springfield. The applicant submits proof of eligibility for an ACT or SAT fee waiver. The applicant submits proof of eligibility for a Pell Grant. The applicant is a University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty, academic, or staff retiree. The applicant is eligible under the Illinois Veteran Grant Program, a veteran of the U.S. armed forces, or is currently serving on active duty. The applicant is part of an approved foreign exchange program in which the university participates or a foreign student participates in an approved exchange program in which the waiver of fees is reciprocal. The applicant is a student from another university participating in the Committee on Institutional Cooperation (CIC) Program by taking courses at University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. The applicant is a cooperating teacher or administrator who receives assignment of practice teachers, receives assignment of students meeting the clinical experience requirement in teacher education, or cooperates in research projects related to teacher education, or a cooperating librarian, school-nurse teacher, social welfare field supervisor, recreation field supervisor, health-education field supervisor, speech pathology supervisor, developmental child care field supervisor, educational psychology supervisor, continuing education supervisor, industrial relations field supervisor, or physician participating without salary in the instructional program of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign College of Medicine. The applicant is an Illinois Teacher of the Year recipient. The applicant is part of the Chicago Scholars Program. The applicant is part of the Principal Scholars Program . The applicant is a Hope Chicago student . Sending Application Materials Official transcripts must be sent through an approved electronic transcript service or mailed directly by the issuing institution. We cannot accept transcripts emailed by students or institutions. Electronic Copies Electronic transcripts may be sent through the following vendors: BridgeU CHESICC (CSSD) CIALFO Common App (first-year applicants only) MaiaLearning MyCreds National Student Clearinghouse Naviance Parchment Scoir Digitary, My eQuals, TrueCopy Electronic copies sent by vendors not listed above will not be accepted. If the vendor does not have an established University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign account, use etranscript@illinois.edu as the recipient. Academic documents should be categorized as "transcripts" (when available), not as "other." Paper Copies All official, physical transcripts and other required documentation can be sent directly from the issuing institution via postal mail to: Office of Undergraduate Admissions 901 West Illinois Street Urbana, IL 61801 International Transcript Requirements Transcript records are considered official if they meet one of the following criteria: The issuing institution sends them directly to the University of Illinois. They are certified as true copies by an official of the educational institution, an embassy official, or an appropriate government official. In addition: Transcripts submitted via Common App for first-year incoming students should include Years 9 through 12 in the final report. First-year incoming students attending international schools need to have transcripts sent directly from each international school they attended. Records not issued in English must be accompanied by an English translation that is certified by an appropriate school official, official translator, or U.S. embassy or consulate official. Acceptable transcript translations include official school translations, translations by licensed translation services, U.S. embassy translations, or translations by University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign professors and graduate assistants who teach the language on the document to be translated. Independent or non-school translators must provide their name, official title, signature, translation date, contact information, and a statement to the effect that the translation is an accurate rendition of the original document. The original document must be submitted with the translated document. Translators must refrain from converting grade, credit, and other information into what they think could or may be U.S. equivalencies. Our admissions officers make such determinations. Do not send transcripts that have been evaluated by third parties (ECE, WES, etc.). Notarization of translated documents is not necessary. Upon receipt, all materials become the property of University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. The university will not return or copy materials for applicants or students. High School Graduation An enrolled undergraduate student must be a graduate of a regionally accredited high school, a school in Illinois recognized by the state superintendent of education, or a school elsewhere with a rating equivalent to full recognition. Graduates of other secondary schools and nongraduates of secondary schools may be admitted under the provisions for a high school equivalency exam. The admission office will confirm all students' transcripts arrive from a high school with a CEEB code, as well as the high school seal and/or signature. If a transcript is from a high school that lacks a CEEB code or seal/signature, the admission office will investigate to confirm that the school is recognized by the state department of education or home school association. The admission office may request additional documentation at any point in the admission process. If a diploma is determined invalid, a high school equivalency exam may be required for admission consideration. High School Equivalency Exams The achievement of satisfactory scores on a high school equivalency exam is acceptable in lieu of graduation from an accredited high school. The test alone won't fulfill all of our college preparatory subject requirements. The state of Illinois recognizes the General Education Development (GED) exam, HiSET, and Test Assessing Secondary Completion (TASC) in lieu of graduation from an accredited high school. To be eligible to take these tests, applicants must be at least 18 years of age or have been out of school for at least one year. If to be used in lieu of high school graduation, high school equivalency exam scores should be sent by the testing center directly to our office. High School Credits For admission to all majors, first-year applicants must present a total of at least 15 units of acceptable college preparatory schoolwork. A unit course of study in the secondary school is a course covering an academic year and including no less than the equivalent of 120 60-minute hours of classroom work. A total of two hours of work requiring little or no preparation outside of the class are considered as the equivalent to one hour of prepared classroom work. A first-year applicant who lacks a required high school subject may satisfy the requirement at either a community college or elsewhere prior to enrollment at the university. This information must be communicated on the application for admission. One semester in college is the equivalent of two semesters of high school coursework. Under extenuating circumstances, a specific subject requirement may be waived for otherwise well-qualified first-year applicants. An applicant seeking a waiver of the subject pattern requirement should use the Academic Challenges question on the application to state the rationale for requesting such action. The subject pattern requirements are waived for transfer applicants, but such applicants can fulfill the language other than English transfer and graduation requirements through high school coursework. It is the discretion of the Office of Undergraduate Admissions to determine if the language other than English graduation credit should be awarded. Students who have not satisfied the language other than English graduation requirement and plan to use their middle or high school transcripts to do so must meet the following deadlines: Incoming students must submit their materials by the 10th day of their second semester. Students transferring from any other University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign college/unit to the college of Liberal Arts and Sciences (LAS) must submit their materials by the end of their first LAS semester. Description of Acceptable High School Courses Illinois looks for college-ready coursework in the following areas : English: Studies in language, composition, and literature requiring practice in expository writing. Coursework should emphasize reading, writing, speaking, and listening. Language other than English: A total of two years of any one language other than English (or completion of second level) fulfills the admission requirement. American Sign Language is acceptable. Laboratory science: Laboratory courses in biology, chemistry, or physics are preferred. Laboratory courses in agricultural sciences, astronomy, and geology are also acceptable. General science isn't acceptable. Mathematics: Algebra, geometry, advanced algebra, trigonometry, pre-calculus, calculus, and statistics. Applied business mathematics, pre-algebra, computer processing, and information technology courses aren't acceptable. Approved mathematics courses taken before high school will be counted toward the requirement. Social studies: History and government. Additional acceptable social studies include anthropology, economics, geography, philosophy, political science, psychology, and sociology. Flexible courses: A total of two courses from any of the above five subject categories. Approved art, music, or vocational education courses can be counted in the flexible academic units category. Competence in English (First-Year Applicants) First-year applicants must demonstrate a command of the English language. Applicants who report ACT/SAT scores and have not completed at least the most recent three full years of secondary education in an approved country where English is the official language* are strongly encouraged to submit TOEFL iBT, IELTS Academic, IELTS Indicator, or Duolingo English Test scores regardless of citizenship or residency. Subscores are considered as part of the application review. If you choose to have your SAT/ACT considered, it will be used for all aspects of review and cannot just be sent to fulfill English proficiency. Applicants with gap years must submit test scores. Applicants who do not report ACT/SAT scores and have not completed at least the most recent three full years of secondary education in an approved country where English is the official language* are required to submit TOEFL iBT, IELTS Academic, IELTS Indicator, or Duolingo English Test scores regardless of citizenship or residency. Subscores are considered as part of the application review. Applicants with gap years must submit test scores. Test scores that will be used to fulfill the English proficiency requirement must be taken within two years prior to the applicant's date of enrollment in the university. The TOEFL iBT Special Home Edition will be accepted for fall 2027, but a decision has not been made for future terms. IELTS OneSkill Retake, IELTS General and TOEFL MyBest are not accepted. *Approved countries include: Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Canada (excluding Quebec), the Cayman Islands, Dominica, Gambia, Ghana, Grenada, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, New Zealand, Nigeria, Saint Kitts, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Kingdom, and the mainland United States (excluding Puerto Rico and all other US territories) Competence in English (Transfer Applicants) Transfer applicants must meet one of the following conditions to satisfy our minimum English proficiency requirement. These are only the minimum requirements needed to meet English proficiency. In many cases, the standards needed to gain admission will be much higher, so it would be to the student's advantage to submit all test scores demonstrating a high level of English competency. Test scores that will be used to fulfill the English proficiency requirement must be taken within two years of the student's date of enrollment in the university. TOEFL (Internet-based Test of English as a Foreign Language or the TOEFL iBT Home Edition*) Exams taken on or after January 21, 2026: Score a minimum of 5.0 total with subscores all 4.5+ Exams taken before January 21, 2026: Score a minimum of 100 total with subscores all 20+ IELTS (Academic International English Testing System) Score a minimum of 7.5 total with subscores all 6.5+ Duolingo English Test Score a minimum of 130 overall with subscores 125+ (Comprehension, Conversation, Literacy, Production) Complete all secondary (years 9 to 12) and post-secondary schooling in an approved country † where English is the official language. Score high enough on the English section of the ACT or Evidence-Based Reading and Writing section of the SAT. We'll review these scores on an individual basis in lieu of TOEFL iBT, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test scores to determine if they meet English proficiency. We encourage students to take the TOEFL iBT, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test if they're concerned their ACT or SAT scores might not be high enough to prove English proficiency for admission. After graduating from high school, complete two years of continuous full-time study at a regionally accredited college or university in the U.S. or a recognized college or university in an approved country † where English is the official language. Full-time study is defined as at least 12 semester hours per semester or 12 quarter hours per quarter of transferable coursework, excluding: English as a second language (ESL) courses; developmental coursework related to instruction in English reading, composition, and/or grammar; test credit; and failed courses. Attendance at an English language institute can't be used to satisfy this requirement. Coursework must be completed within two years of the proposed date of enrollment. Coursework completed prior to high school graduation date may not be used to meet this requirement. *The TOEFL iBT Special Home Edition will be accepted for spring and fall 2027, but a decision has not been made for future terms. † Approved countries include: Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Canada (excluding Quebec), the Cayman Islands, Dominica, Gambia, Ghana, Grenada, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, New Zealand, Nigeria, Saint Kitts, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Kingdom, and the mainland United States (excluding Puerto Rico and all other US territories) Admission Test Information Each beginning first-year applicant has the option to submit an admission test score from either the American College Testing (ACT) program or the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). Applicants can self-report test scores or send official scores during the application process. Enrolling students must have test scores sent directly from the testing agency if ACT and/or SAT were used in the application review. Complete information concerning the test, the dates of test administration, and the location of testing centers can be obtained online or from high school counselors. Student-Athlete Admission Applicants being recruited to participate in varsity sports who are not admitted through the regular admissions process, or whose application becomes complete after the published deadlines, may be considered for admission by the Committee for the Admission of Student Athletes (CASA). This committee was created by the Chancellor in 1983 under the authority granted by the Board of Trustees. Through the CASA review process, potential student-athletes will be evaluated by a committee of senior admissions officers from each of the undergraduate academic communities to determine whether students' objective academic records and demonstrated academic motivation, together with available support services, will combine to give them a reasonable chance for academic success on our campus. Veterans & Military Personnel Applicants currently serving or who have previously served in the United States Armed Forces, in the Reserve Component, or in the Illinois National Guard will be considered for admission to the university on the basis of their past academic record, Military Occupational Specialty, Military Education, program capacity, and the likelihood of academic success while utilizing the support services available from the University and the Chez Veterans Center. Honorably discharged veterans may enroll as first-year students in the spring semester if the veteran was on active duty during the fall semester. This policy does not guarantee admission into any specific college or program, nor does it indicate acceptance of any military training or education as credits to be applied towards the degree. This policy does not apply to students with military service other than for the United States. This policy does not apply to applicants who are pending enlistment or entering a contract with a military service. Delayed Admission The delayed admission program is for students who need to delay their enrollment because of U.S. military commitments, medical situations, or religious experiences. All delays require university approval. This program allows approved, newly admitted, degree-seeking students to delay the start of attendance between the term of acceptance and actual university attendance. A delay of admission may be requested for one or two semesters (certain programs may not be delayed for only one semester). A delay for up to two years may be granted to a student whose U.S. military commitment has been extended for more than one year. A delay can be requested only for the same program to which the student was admitted. A delay of admission will not be approved for gap-year experiences, internships, to take courses at another college or university (including military academies), if a first-year student is not graduating secondary school in time to enroll, financial reasons, visa complications, or flight-booking complications. International applicants are rarely approved and will not be approved due to visa delays. Each individual's situation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Admitted students may request a delay of admission by completing and submitting a request form, which can be found on the Admitted Student Checklist within myIllini . The request form should be submitted no later than one month prior to the beginning of the term to which the student has been admitted. Exceptions may be made in the event of an emergency situation. If the deadline is missed or the request is denied, the student will need to submit a new application. After the acceptance deadline, only students who had already accepted their admission offer are eligible to request a delayed admission. Health Requirements Upon admission, the student will receive information regarding completion of Medical History and Immunization forms and required immunizations. Physicals aren't required for admission. Visit McKinley Health Center for additional information. Use of Agents University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign does not partner with agents or other private organizations to represent the university for the purpose of recruiting or enrolling students. Only appointed employees or trained alumni of University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign are authorized to officially represent the university in recruiting and enrolling students through direct contact with the applicant, the applicant's parents/legal guardians, spouse or school-appointed counselors. The university does not condone high-pressure recruitment strategies nor provide compensation by commissions, bonuses, or other incentive payments based on the number of students referred, recruited, admitted, or enrolled, including recruitment of military service members. We understand that prospective students and their families may retain the services of independent educational consultants or advisors to assist them in applying to colleges or universities in the United States and abroad. These private consultants or advisors are permitted, but they are not recognized representatives of the university. Students, parents, and school-appointed counselors are encouraged to work directly with the Office of Undergraduate Admissions . Third-Party Inquiries Admissions officers may only discuss a student's application with the applicant or the applicant's parents/legal guardian, spouse, or school-appointed counselor. Other individuals, including university employees without admissions responsibilities, are not permitted to inquire about a student's application with a campus admissions officer nor submit letters of recommendation. Improper third-party inquires will be logged by the admissions officer and subject to disclosure under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act. Further details as to the inquiries that are and are not permitted can be found in the Summary of University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Admissions Firewall Practices and in our Policy Prohibiting Improper Influence in Admissions . Undergraduate Admissions youtube instagram tiktok x facebook 901 West Illinois Street Urbana, IL 61801 217-333-0302 Email: admissions@illinois.edu Admissions Quick Links Apply Visit Campus Majors & Academics Cost & Aid FAQ Get Help Contact Admissions Get Updates myIllini Login Counselor Resources Admission Policies Applicant Info First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants International Requirements Admitted Students Get Updates from Illinois Loading… ×