Skip to main content Videos SAS login Contact Us Unideb.hu University Phonebook Apply online For Applicants Virtual UD Guide 2026 Tutoring Seminar Study Programs Application and admission Scholarships and Loans Tuition Fee, Application + Entrance fee Education Fairs - Meet UD Brochures Representatives Campus Tour Student Ambassadors Program Finder Tool For Current Students Registrar's office Downloads Timetables Bulletins University calendars Rules and Regulations Tuition Fees For SH, SCY and Diaspora scholarship students E-books Exchange and mobility programs Kaplan USMLE STEP 1, STEP 2 PREP Courses Research Research and Publication UD Talent programs Technology Transfer Hungarian Doctoral Council About UD Campuses and Faculties Organization Strategy Accreditation Higher education rankings Facts and figures History Practical Info and Contacts Contacts and opening hours FAQ Medical Check-up Health Care Immigration Office Visa and Residence Permit Accommodation Cost of Living Life in Debrecen Student life Sporting possibilities Leisure Time Freshman info See more Gallery Videos SAS login Contact Us Unideb.hu University Phonebook Search × Search MENU Menu For Applicants Virtual UD Guide 2026 Tutoring Seminar Study Programs Application and admission Scholarships and Loans Tuition Fee, Application + Entrance fee Education Fairs - Meet UD Brochures Representatives Campus Tour Student Ambassadors Program Finder Tool For Current Students Registrar's office Downloads Timetables Bulletins University calendars Rules and Regulations Tuition Fees For SH, SCY and Diaspora scholarship students E-books Exchange and mobility programs Kaplan USMLE STEP 1, STEP 2 PREP Courses Research Research and Publication UD Talent programs Technology Transfer Hungarian Doctoral Council About UD Campuses and Faculties Organization Strategy Accreditation Higher education rankings Facts and figures History Practical Info and Contacts Contacts and opening hours FAQ Medical Check-up Health Care Immigration Office Visa and Residence Permit Accommodation Cost of Living Life in Debrecen Student life Sporting possibilities Leisure Time Freshman info See more Gallery Videos SAS login Contact Us Unideb.hu University Phonebook Home Academics For Applicants Application and admission Academics Virtual UD Guide 2026 Tutoring Seminar Study Programs Application and admission Scholarships and Loans Tuition Fee, Application + Entrance fee Education Fairs - Meet UD Brochures Representatives Campus Tour Student Ambassadors Program Finder Tool Application and admission Entrance Exam/Interview dates, venues, requirements.... Exam topics & sample tests List of our local representatives Application deadlines Please be advised that we are no longer accepting applications for the Medicine and Dentistry programs for the upcoming September 2026 intake due to an exceptionally high number of applications received. The application period for the September 2027 intake will open later this year, and the final application deadline will be May 15, 2027. for September 2026/2027 intake: PhD programs: 15th May 2026 all other programs: 15th June 2026 for January/February 2026/2027 intake: all programs: 1st November 2026 Do you need help with your application from our local representatives? Please feel free to get in touch with them directly, you can check their contact details here . Have you made the decision to apply to one of the programs offered by the University of Debrecen? The Admissions Team is here for you to guide you through the application process . Please also check our website carefully , however in case of any further question, do not hesitate to contact us ! APPLY HERE! 1. Required Documents The following documents need to be submitted during the application procedure by all applicants through our online application platform - that you can reach here : Valid, filled-in application form (to be filled online here ); If already graduated: certificate of education (school leaving qualification such as high school diploma, document of graduation or any equivalent; university degree certificate or any equivalent; all in English / translated); Students in their final year of education: transcripts (end of year reports) of the last 2-3 academic years , plus predicted grades / expected graduation certificate . Certificate or proof of citizenship and/or permanent residence (e.g. passport) Short Resume/ CV (personal details, educational background, work experience, language skills, additional skills) Medical Certificate - please see a template here Bank receipt about the transfer of the application fee of 150 USD (non-refundable) - bank details are available here 2. Special requirements Please check the special requirements and if any applies to you, consider those as well! The language proficiency of applicants must be proven with a standardized, at least upper-intermediate (B2) level language certificate, obtained at a proctored exam.Applicants can be exempted from submitting an English proficiency test if they are native speakers of English (first language) or they have completed the secondary or higher education in the English language (in this case a medium of instruction certificate as proof of proficiency is required). Exemptions may be granted on the basis of certain other educational certificates submitted with the application. In case of non-medical applicants to foundation or undergraduate programs, the study gap cannot be longer than 4 years. In case of non-medical applicants to graduate programs, the study gap cannot be longer than 6 years. In case of medical applicants to foundation, undergraduate and one-tier graduate programs, the study gap cannot be longer than 6 years. In order to eliminate the administrative difficulties experienced by the University in relation to citizens of Bangladesh, Pakistan, Syria, Afghanistan, Burma and Yemen, the following study gap rule shall apply, for all study fields: Foundation and undergraduate programs: max. 2 years Graduate programs: max. 4 years Special requirements for transfer students: Detailed transcript and descriptions of courses taken during your previous studies Filled and signed Credit Transfer Request Form On the basis of the submitted documents the Sub-Committee for Educational Matters and Credit-Transfer may decide which year the student may be admitted to. Special requirements for applications to the Non-Medical Programs of the University of Debrecen: Master/Graduate programs: Detailed CV Bachelor degree Detailed transcript and descriptions of courses taken during undergraduate studies PhD programs: Detailed CV Master Degree Detailed transcript of courses taken during graduate studies 2 recommendation letters from former professors Proposal for a research topic chosen from the list offered by the doctoral school, or a new topic with a detailed description 3. Important information Please note that we cannot consider incomplete applications - if any of the above-listed documents is missing we cannot proceed with your admission. Students in their final year of their studies are required to send their transcript(s) to the Coordinating Center for International Education along with their diploma/certificate as soon as they receive it and also present the original document(s) during registration . Please note that all requests concerning subject exemptions must be submitted at the time of application (the declaration is included in the application form). Students must submit all available university transcripts and course descriptions along with other application documents; they will not be able to request exemptions later on. If you have already submitted your application or if you hold a student status at our University, please do not fill out the online form, as it would cause duplications in our database. If you would like to submit a new application or make changes in your data, please get in touch with us directly at info@edu.unideb.hu, or at 'Contacts' on our website. In case you apply for the Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship for the upcoming academic year and you are not interested in self-financed studies, please do not submit our online application form. Instead, please make sure to submit your documents through Tempus Public Foundation's online system: https://apply.stipendiumhungaricum.hu In case you are nominated by your home country, we will automatically receive your application from Tempus Public Foundation. If you were awarded the Stipendium Hungaricum scholarship within the past 1 year, and now would like to change your host instituition/program/language of instruction within the program, please go ahead and submit your application here using the above link. NOTE: Document(s) certifying the highest completed level of education along with the passport of the applicant should be scanned and sent to one of the representatives of the Coordinating Center for International Education, however the originals of the aforementioned documents should be presented during the oral entrance examination or University registration at the latest. Have you already submitted your application? You can check the details of the entrance procedure here ! For more info about exam topics and sample tests, visit this site ! If the applicant meets the entry requirements, the University will inform them about all necessary steps in due time. APPLY HERE! Would like to summarize or focus on your existing knowledge before the entrance exam for the Medical degree programs? Check out our Tutoring Seminar ! Still hesitating about which to program to choose? Check again our Undergraduate , Graduate and PhD programs , or use the Program Finder Tool ! University of Debrecen H-4032 Debrecen, Egyetem tér 1. Get direction +36 52 258 058 (Secreteriat) +36 52 258 051, 052, 067 (Medical Programs) +36 52 518 659 (Non-Medical Programs) Call Us href="mailto:uh!pont!bedinu!pont!ude!kukac!ofni">uh!pont!bedinu!pont!ude!kukac!ofni href="mailto:uh!pont!bedinu!pont!ude!kukac!ofni"class="footergomb_mobil"> Send an E-mail © 2026 University of Debrecen - All rights reserved • Impresszum created by: Close This website uses cookies to make the website work and provide a better user experience. You can find out more information about this by clicking on the Cookie settings button. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. Download our Privacy Policy » Settings Consent