Students Staff Alumni China China UK Malaysia Search Study with us Study with us Courses & Admission Courses & Programmes Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research Master of Business Administration (MBA) Training & Summer programmes Course search Admission Entry requirements Fees and Scholarships How to apply China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan recruitment Global recruitment Make an enquiry Research and Knowledge Exchange Research and Knowledge Exchange Discover our research Research strength Environment Health Transport Beacons of Excellence Learn more Inspiring people Sustainable development Research integrity & ethics Research database Commercial initiative Li Dak Sum Incubator Global Global Global engagement Global recruitment For international applicants Chat with a student ambassador Exchange & Study abroad For prospective students For current students Overseas Summer programme International partners Student Services China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan affairs International student support Immigration and visa Schools and Departments Schools and Departments Faculties and Schools Faculties Nottingham University Business School China Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Science and Engineering New School School of Health and Life Sciences Schools & Departments Centre for English Language Education Graduate School China Beacons Institute Professional Service Departments Research Centres University life University life Activities and wellbeing Academic Services Department of Campus Life The Hub Sport Health and Wellbeing Centre Careers and Employability Service Teaching and learning Personal tutorials Arts centre Accommodation Graduation Video hub About About About the University University Strategy University Leadership Facts & Accreditations Sustainability Our Brand Information Disclosure Annual Quality Report 360° Virtual Campus Tour More NottinghamHub Staff/Student Portal Job Opportunities Business Development Education Foundation Key Dates Open Days Visitor Information Library IT Services Estates Confucius Institute Students Staff Alumni China China UK Malaysia Study with us Browse all our courses, prorgammes & admission policy Courses & Programmes Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research Master of Business Administration (MBA) Training & Summer programmes Course search Admission Entry requirements Fees and Scholarships How to apply China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan recruitment Global recruitment Make an enquiry Research and Knowledge Exchange Discover our research, innovation and knowledge exchange Research strength Environment Health Transport Beacons of Excellence Learn more Inspiring people Sustainable development Research integrity & ethics Research Database Commercial Initiative Li Dak Sum Incubator Global Global engagement, exchange and study abroad programmes Global recruitment For international applicants Chat with a student ambassador Exchange & Study abroad For prospective students For current students Overseas Summer programme International partners Student Services HK, Macao and Taiwan affairs International student support Immigration and visa Schools and Departments Visit our faculties, schools and departments Faculties Nottingham University Business School China Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Science and Engineering New School School of Health and Life Sciences Schools & Departments Centre for English Language Education Graduate School China Beacons Institute Professional Service Departments Research Centres University life Learn more about our student activities, sports, and wellbeing Academic Services Department of Campus Life The Hub Sport Health and Wellbeing Centre Careers and Employability Service Teaching and learning Personal tutorials Arts centre Accommodation Graduation Video hub About About the University University Strategy University Leadership Facts & Accreditations Sustainability Our Brand Information Disclosure Annual Quality Report 360° Virtual Campus Tour More NottinghamHub Staff/Student Portal Job Opportunities Business Development Education Foundation Key Dates Open Days Visitor Information Library IT Services Estates Confucius Institute Search University of Nottingham Ningbo China Study with us Undergraduate Fees and Scholarships International students International students Menu Study with us Undergraduate Courses Entry requirements Fees and Scholarships China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan students International students How to apply Frequently asked questions Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan recruitment Global recruitment Training & Summer Programmes Entry requirements Fees and Scholarships How to apply Course search Make an enquiry University of Nottingham Ningbo China offers various scholarships to students to reward academic excellence and promote diversity. Nearly 30% of our undergraduate students were awarded scholarships for their study at UNNC. Once enrolled, approximately 32.5% of our current students are eligible for additional merit and/or performance based scholarships and awards. Scholarship offer will not be deferred to the next academic year. Nottingham global scholarships There are two types of Nottingham global scholarships available. UNNC Provost International Excellence 100% Scholarship awards the student an equivalent of 100% tuition fee for the first year of study. UNNC Emerging Leaders 50% Scholarship awards the student an equivalent of 50% tuition fee for the first year of study. This scholarship is an entry-based scholarship which means the awardee's tuition fee for the first year will be waived or it will be refunded if the full tuition fee was already paid. Eligibility Full time international undergraduate student who have applied and received an offer from UNNC. Selection criteria These prestigious scholarships are competitive and application based. Academic grades, (eg A level/IB/High School predicted grades) will be an important part of the selection criteria. Applicants will need to submit a scholarship statement (maximum 500 words) to the application hub. The scholarship statement should include details of your extra-curricular, volunteer/work experience or how you have contributed to your community. English language ability will not be used as part of the scholarship selection criteria. Responsibilities of the scholarship recipient UNNC Provost International Excellence and UNNC Emerging Leaders scholarship winners will be expected to support the University and to act as ambassadors within their country or region. This commitment will include an expectation to provide 30 hours to support university promotional initiatives. How to apply Separate applications for Nottingham global scholarship are required. To complete the application, a filled scholarship application form is required to be submitted on Application Hub by 31 May 2027. Zhejiang/Ningbo government scholarship This scholarship awards 20,000 RMB each to international undergraduate students to be used toward the tuition fee of their first year study. How to apply Students who would like to apply for this scholarship will need to prepare the following documents and submit to the Application Hub by 31 May 2026: Application form (personal statement of approx. 500 words) Central and Eastern European Countries (CEEC) scholarship This scholarship awards RMB 20,000 each to full-time undergraduate students from Central and Eastern European countries for the first year of their studies at UNNC. Students are not required to submit a scholarship application, and this scholarship will be issued automatically to eligible students. Recipients of this scholarship are required to pay for the tuition fee in full and the scholarship will be awarded before the end of the first semester. These countries are Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Greece, Hungary, North Macedonia, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia. Family scholarship A 10% tuition fee reduction is awarded to the children, brothers, sisters, husbands or wives of students who are currently registered on award bearing full-time courses at the University of Nottingham Ningbo China or who have already successfully completed award-bearing courses. Application to this scholarship should be submitted in Application Hub . Students are required to submit official documents (e.g. a Birth Certificate) to prove his/her relationship with the family member. This scholarship is available to eligible students for a maximum of 4 years. Contact us Student Recruitment and Admission Office University of Nottingham Ningbo China 199 Taikang East Road, Ningbo, 315100, China E. admissions@nottingham.edu.cn T. +86 (0574) 8818 0182 W. https://www.nottingham.edu.cn/en/study-with-us/ Get in touch T. +86 (0)574 8818 0000 University of Nottingham Ningbo China 199 Taikang East Road, Ningbo, China Postcode: 315100 Directions Quick links NottinghamHub Staff/Student Portal Job Opportunities Business Development Education Foundation Key Dates Open Days Visitor Information Social media Students Staff Alumni Copyright © 2004-2026 University of Nottingham Ningbo China Copyright Privacy Statement Website Terms of Use 浙ICP备12026790号 浙公网安备33021202001714号 Get in touch T. +86 (0)574 8818 0000 University of Nottingham Ningbo China 199 Taikang East Road, Ningbo, China Postcode: 315100 Directions Students Staff Alumni Quick links NottinghamHub Staff/Student Portal Job Opportunities Business Development Education Foundation Key Dates Open Days Visitor Information Social media Copyright © 2004-2026 University of Nottingham Ningbo China Copyright ｜ Privacy Statement ｜ Website Terms of Use 浙ICP备12026790号 ｜ 浙公网安备33021202001714号