Russian Scholarship Project "Global Universities" Association About Rules News Subject areas Schedule Organizing Universities FAQ Русский English Français Español 中文 العربية हिन्दी Log in Sign up One click to open all doors Open Doors: Russian Scholarship Project is your chance for tuition-free education and research career in Russia Until the end of registration 00 00 00 Apply Now Why Open Doors? 200 + Countries 618 000 + Participants 16 700 + Winners Admission to a tuition-free program in your subject area at one of 24 Russian universities Participation takes place entirely online A wide variety of fields - biotechnology, medicine, artificial intelligence, engineering, business, political science, and many more. Russia ranks 6th worldwide in the number of international students. Russian degrees are recognized in many countries, especially in Asia, Africa, BRICS countries. Subject areas of the Open Doors Applied Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence Biology and Biotechnology Business and Management Chemistry and Materials Science Clinical Medicine and Public Health Computer and Data Science Earth and Environmental Sciences for Sustainability Economics and Econometrics Education and Psychology Engineering and Technology Physical Sciences and Technology Politics and International Studies Russian Language and Culture Urbanism and Civil Engineering Schedule 20 August 2026 Start of the Open Doors registration From this date, participants can: create an account on the Open Doors website; start working on the completion of the competition requirements. 20 August - 13 November 2026 First Stage To take part in the competition, participants are required to: register on the Open Doors website; select a track and Subject area; compile a portfolio that includes individual achievements relevant to the selected track and Subject area, an entry test, and a motivation letter. 1 November 2026 Open Doors registration deadline After this deadline, participants can no longer add to or edit their account information or portfolios. 13 November 2026 Announcement of the First Stage results Results of the First Stage are published in participants' personal accounts. Lists of participants advancing to the Second Stage are published on the Subject area pages of the Open Doors website. 13 November - 21 December 2026 Second Stage Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral (PhD) tracks During the Second Stage, participants complete tasks in their selected track and subject area. To take part in the Second Stage of the competition, participants are required to: register for the Second Stage through their Open Doors account; select an available time slot in accordance with the schedule; review the rules and procedures of the Second Stage in their account; ensure that their computer equipment meets the Open Doors technical requirements; complete tasks of varying levels of difficulty within 180 minutes, in accordance with the schedule, using online proctoring software. To prepare, participants are encouraged to review the subject area program and sample tasks available on the subject area page of the Open Doors website. Postdoctoral track For this track, the Second Stage involves the preparation of a video presentation that showcases the participant's research achievements in the selected subject area. Participants are encouraged to review the video presentation requirements on the subject area page of the Open Doors website and the instructions on how to upload the presentation in their personal account. 16 November 2026 Second Stage registration deadline for the Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral (PhD) tracks After this deadline, participants can no longer register or select a time slot for completing the Second Stage tasks. The task schedule is available in participants' personal accounts. 6 December 2026 Postdoctoral Track: deadline for submission of video presentations After this deadline, participants can no longer upload video presentations. 21 December 2026 Announcement of the Second Stage results Results of the Second Stage are available in participants' Open Doors accounts. Lists of participants advancing to the Third Stage are published on the Subject area pages of the Open Doors website and include: Doctoral (PhD) track participants advancing to the Third Stage; Postdoctoral track participants advancing to the Third Stage. 21 December 2026 Announcement of the winners in the Bachelor's and Master's tracks Results are published on the Subject area pages of the Open Doors website as the following lists: Bachelor's track winners and runners-up; Bachelor's track participants recognized for high achievement; Master's track winners and runners-up; Master's track participants recognized for high achievement. 22 December 2026 - 26 February 2027 Third Stage Doctoral (PhD) track participants have interviews with prospective research supervisors. Postdoctoral track participants are interviewed by research project leaders. Participants are required to: register for the Third Stage through their personal account; select an available interview time slot in accordance with the schedule. To prepare for the interview, participants are encouraged to review the interview program available on the subject area page of the Open Doors website. 10 January 2027 Third Stage registration deadline After this deadline, participants can no longer register for interviews. The final interview schedule is published in participants' Open Doors accounts. 26 February 2027 Announcement of the Third Stage results Results of the final stage are published in participants' Open Doors accounts. 26 February 2027 Announcement of the winners in the Doctoral (PhD) and Postdoctoral tracks Results are published on the Subject area pages of the Open Doors website as the following lists: Doctoral (PhD) track winners; Doctoral (PhD) track participants recognized for high achievement; Postdoctoral track winners. Competition organized by leading Russian universities The city where the universities are located Far Eastern Federal University Federal State Budgetary Educational Institution of Higher Education «Bauman Moscow State Technical University» First Moscow State Medical University (Sechenov University) HSE University ITMO University Kazan (Volga region) Federal University MGIMO University Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (National Research University) Moscow Polytechnic University Moscow State University of Civil Engineering National Research Lobachevsky State University of Nizhny Novgorod National Research Nuclear University MEPhI National Research Tomsk Polytechnic University National Research Tomsk State University Novosibirsk State University Peoples' Friendship University of Russia named after Patrice Lumumba Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University Plekhanov Russian University of Economics Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University "LETI" Samara National Research University Siberian Federal University Southern Federal University Ufa University of Science and Technology University of Science and Technology MISIS University of Tyumen Ural Federal University named after the first President of Russia B.N. Yeltsin Far Eastern Federal University Federal State Budgetary Educational Institution of Higher Education «Bauman Moscow State Technical University» First Moscow State Medical University (Sechenov University) HSE University ITMO University Kazan (Volga region) Federal University MGIMO University Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (National Research University) Moscow Polytechnic University Moscow State University of Civil Engineering National Research Lobachevsky State University of Nizhny Novgorod National Research Nuclear University MEPhI National Research Tomsk Polytechnic University National Research Tomsk State University Novosibirsk State University Peoples' Friendship University of Russia named after Patrice Lumumba Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University Plekhanov Russian University of Economics Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University "LETI" Samara National Research University Siberian Federal University Southern Federal University Ufa University of Science and Technology University of Science and Technology MISIS University of Tyumen Ural Federal University named after the first President of Russia B.N. Yeltsin Latest News 28 September 2026 UrFU International Student Become a Winner of Architectural Design Competition Liu Mengyan presented a floating research platform for the Northern Sea Route 25 September 2026 UrFU Improves Its Positions in Shanghai Global Ranking of Academic Subjects The best results are in materials science, energy, metallurgy, and mathematics 15 September 2026 More than 100,000 people have registered as participants in the Open Doors Russian Scholarship Project This number of participants was reached in less than a month after registration opened. Registration will close on November 1. 8 September 2026 Open Doors is launching a series of webinars about the universities organizing the project The webinars will help Olympiad participants assess how well a particular university or academic program aligns with their goals, interests, and academic background. 1 September 2026 UNN Campus-tour for school students and teachers from Peru Lobachevsky University holds a campus-tour for 23 Peruvians from partner schools to familiarize prospective students with UNN study porgrammes & labs infrastructure Partners FAQ Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral tracks Postdoctoral track Common questions How do I contact you in case I have a question or a problem? If you cannot find the answer on this page, please contact us through the feedback form on the website. Where possible, attach a screenshot or a screen recording clearly showing the issue. Please note that the average response time is 24 hours. Please do not submit the same message through multiple channels, as this may cause delays in processing your request as well as those of other participants. Can I participate in several subject areas? The number of subject areas for participation is not limited. For each subject area, you must submit a motivation letter. Please take into account the schedule of the Second Stage task sessions, as they may be scheduled on the same day. In the Open Doors Final, if you become a winner or runner-up in more than one subject area, you will be required to choose only one subject area and one degree program at the university of your choice. I took part in the Open Doors last year. Why can't I access my account on the Open Doors website? You should create a new account and submit your personal information and portfolio again. I noticed a mistake in my personal information. How can I correct it? After completing registration, you will not be able to change your personal information on your own. If you need any edits, please contact us through the feedback form on the website. We will review your request and make the necessary corrections if it is permitted by the Open Doors rules. What should I do if I cannot submit my portfolio? This issue most often occurs if one or more required fields have not been completed (motivation letter, educational documents or have not attached your passport) or if the entrance test was not taken or passed. If you have fulfilled all requirements but the problem persists, please contact us through the feedback form on the website. Please attach a screenshot or screen recording clearly showing the issue so that we can assist you. Can I add/change tracks and/or subject areas when the Open Doors has already started? You can make changes only during the First Stage of the Open Doors, and only if you have not yet submitted your portfolio. A motivation letter must be prepared for each subject area in which you participate. If you need to change or upload additional documents to your portfolio, you must withdraw it. Will I have to pay a tuition fee? Your tuition fees will be covered by the Government of the Russian Federation. You will be responsible for covering travel and accommodation expenses, insurance, and personal costs. I have won several scholarship competitions. How should I proceed? The right to study in the Russian Federation under the Government Quota for foreign citizens and stateless persons may be exercised through only one competition. If you are selected as a winner in more than one scholarship competition, you must review the terms of each and select the one under which you will enroll. Can I change the selected Subject area/degree program/university after uploading the documents to my account? Unfortunately, once the deadline for uploading documents to the participant account has passed, changes are no longer permitted. Participants are therefore advised to make their selections carefully at the time of application. Can I find my applicant registration number on the website russia-edu.minobrnauki.gov.ru? Once the documents of the winners and runners-up have been forwarded to their chosen university for enrollment, all further communication and support until admission will be provided by that university. To obtain your registration number, contact the university representative directly at the email address provided by the Project Office in the mailing sent to all winners and runners-up. How much is the monthly stipend? The amount varies depending on the university. For more detailed information, please contact the university of your choice. What is included in the scholarship? What do I have to pay for and what is free? The scholarship covers tuition fees and provides a monthly stipend. All other expenses - including transportation, food, accommodation, communication services, and medical insurance - must be covered by the student. University accommodation is generally inexpensive, and information on available campus housing is provided on university websites. For more detailed information, please contact the university directly. Can I work while studying in Russia? You can work either remotely or offline, and no work permit is required. Most universities provide assistance with job placements, and some even offer vacancies on campus. Information on such opportunities is also regularly published on our social media pages. For more details, please contact the university directly. Can I enroll in any degree program I choose? You will be enrolled in the field of study indicated in your registration form when applying for a scholarship. Within this field of study, you may choose any degree program available to international students and offered by your selected university. Winners of the Doctoral (PhD) track will be enrolled at one of the universities organizing the Russian Scholarship Project, provided that a representative of the university has confirmed research supervision. What language will I study in? Universities offer study programs in Russian or in English, depending on the institution. If your chosen program is available only in Russian and you need to improve your language skills, you may begin with a one-year preparatory Russian language course. After completing it, your place in the study program will be secured for the following academic year. Can you advise me on which university to choose? No, you will need to find information about the universities yourself. Links to the universities' official websites are available on the Open Doors website in the "Universities" section. You can also consult the universities' social media pages and other information resources. In addition, we publish key updates in the Open Doors VKontakte group and Telegram channel. Webinars are also organized, where you can learn more about the study programs offered at specific universities. The webinar schedule is available on the Open Doors website, and links to attend are sent to your personal account. I was not able to become a winner or runner-up of the Russian Scholarship Project. Is there any other way to receive a scholarship? If you did not become a winner or runner-up, we recommend trying again next year or exploring other opportunities to obtain a Russian Government scholarship (for example, through Rossotrudnichestvo ). Universities may also offer alternative admission options, but these are not related to the Open Doors scholarship and should be discussed directly with the university's representatives. Can I get a certificate of participation in the Russian Scholarship Project? No, certificates are not issued to participants who did not become winners or runners-up. Certificates for winners and runners-up are available in their personal accounts after the Russian Scholarship Project ends. First stage Which documents will I need to participate in the First Stage? Only the motivation letter, proof of your education level and passport are mandatory. The motivation letter must be typed or copy-pasted into the corresponding form, and educational documents should be uploaded to the designated fields. Without these documents, you will not be able to submit your portfolio, take part in the Second Stage, or qualify as a winner or runner-up to receive a scholarship through the Open Doors. If you have not yet received your degree or do not have the degree certificate available, you may upload an official academic transcript, a current or last year's transcript, a scan of your grade sheet, or another document confirming your education level. In this case, you will need to provide degree confirmation later, at the Stage of university admission. All other documents in the portfolio are optional, but including them may increase the maximum score you can achieve at the First Stage. Do I need certified translations of my documents at the First Stage? No, certified translations are not required at the First Stage (portfolio submission), although you may upload them if available. A certified translation is one prepared by a professionally qualified translator or by an organization legally authorized to provide translation services. However, if you become a winner or runner-up, you will be required to have your translations notarized either at a Russian Embassy or Consulate or at a public notary's office. What should be written in the motivation letter? Where can I find guidelines for writing it? The recommended structure of the motivation letter is provided in your personal account. The letter should include information about your scientific and career goals, professional achievements, reasons for choosing a subject area within the Russian Scholarship Project, and your motivation to study in Russia. Participants of the Doctoral track are strongly encouraged to include a summary of their thesis and a plan of prospective scientific research. What are the criteria of portfolio scoring? The criteria differ depending on the subject area. The maximum possible score for each achievement category is displayed in your personal account as you fill out the portfolio. Can I edit/update my portfolio after it has been submitted? Yes. If you need to add documents or make changes after submission, you can withdraw your portfolio using the option available in your personal account on the Open Doors website. Is it required to submit documentary proof of my Russian or English language skills? No, you do not need to confirm your language skills with certificates or in any other way to participate in the Russian Scholarship Project. However, uploading documents that confirm your level of Russian or English may increase your portfolio score. Second stage I successfully completed First Stage. How do I register for the Second Stage? In your personal account on our website. After the First Stage ends, we will send you an email with detailed instructions. These instructions, together with the rules of the Second Stage, will also be available in your personal account within a few days after the First Stage ends. While registering for the Second Stage, it is most crucial not to miss the deadline. If you don't register in time, you won't be able to take your exam. I could not participate in the Second Stage for a valid reason. What should I do? You should immediately submit a request to do the Secon Stage tasks on the reserve day-no later than the day the task session is held. If permitted by the Open Doors rules, you will be allowed to participate on the reserve day. It is essential to register for the reserve day session in advance, following the provided instructions. If you miss the reserve day or fail to register for it, no additional opportunity can be given, as there is only one reserve day per subject area. Please not that your computer and internet connection must meet the technical requirements, and ensuring this is your responsibility. What am I allowed/not allowed to use during the task session? What files are allowed as answers and how do I upload them? Detailed information is provided in the instructions and rules of the Second Stage, which will be available in your personal account after the First Stage ends. During the Second Stage, it is strictly prohibited to use mobile devices or other electronic gadgets, or to communicate with others. Each subject area defines whether the use of specific programs and applications, a calculator, paper, and pen is permitted. While completing the tasks, you are not allowed to open any browser pages other than the Russian Scholarship Project platform or to take screenshots or photos of the screen. Any violation of these or other Second Stage rules may result in the annulment of your results without the right to appeal. I have a problem with installing or connecting the proctoring software. What should I do? Follow the instructions available in your personal account on the Open Doors website. If this does not resolve the issue, contact the technical support. Please note that most problems are caused by an unstable internet connection. A wired connection is recommended, as mobile and Wi-Fi connections may be unstable even if they appear fast. I disagree with my grading/jury's decision. Can I appeal it? Yes. You can appeal the results of the Second Stage if you disagree with the score awarded. The appeal procedure is described in the Rules of Participation published on the Open Doors website. Appeals are submitted through your personal account, where you will also see the updated results once the appeal is processed. Please note that you have only two days after the publication of the Second Stage results to submit an appeal. There are no appeals for the First Stage (portfolio evaluation) or the Third Stage (Doctoral track interviews). If my portfolio received a high score but I could not participate in the Second Stage, do I still have a chance to win a scholarship? No. Participation in the Second Stage tasks session is mandatory to win an Open Doors scholarship. Regardless of how many points you received for the First Stage, you cannot be awarded a scholarship without completing the Second Stage. Why should I choose six universities instead of just one? When registering for participation, you may select from one to six universities. If your top-priority university does not offer the degree program of your choice, your application will be transferred to the next university on your priority list. The final choice of university is made only if you win the Russian Scholarship Project, at the Stage of uploading your documents for scholarship submission. Can I refuse to use my scholarship? If you decide to decline the right to study under the quota established by the Government of the Russian Federation (via Open Doors), you must submit a signed, free-form statement of refusal indicating your reason. Please send it by email to your university coordinator and copy the Project Office at opendoors@globaluni.ru Third stage How do I choose the university when I'm a doctoral track participant? Winners of the Doctoral track do not choose a university directly but instead select a prospective research supervisor. Once both the supervisor and the winner confirm their choice, the winner conducts research at the university where the supervisor is employed. How can I prepare for the interview? The interview program is available on the page for your Subject area. Questions related to the postdoctoral track Can I participate in the Postdoctoral track of the Russian Scholarship Project if I do not yet hold a Candidate of Science, Doctor of Science, or PhD degree, but will obtain one soon? No. Eligibility for the Postdoctoral track requires that you already hold a Candidate of Science, Doctor of Science, or PhD degree at the time you submit your portfolio for jury review. A degree confirmation document is a mandatory part of the portfolio and is required for evaluation. Can I edit my portfolio after it has been submitted for review? Yes. If you need to add documents or edit information after submission, you may revoke your portfolio using the option available in your personal account on the Open Doors website. Portfolios can be revoked until November 6. Moscow, 11 Pokrovsky Bulvar, Building 10 opendoors@globaluni.ru Contact us The Open Doors website uses cookies The Open Doors website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience and improve performance. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our use of cookies and the rules for processing personal data. For more details, see our Cookie and Privacy Policy . You can adjust or disable cookies in your browser settings. OK