SIS Login İTÜ Homepage Ninova Program Information Dean of Students Help Contact TÜRKÇE About Us History Mission Vision Activities Activity Reports Management and Administrative Staff Processes Sensitive Tasks Work Flow Processes About SIS Building Codes Associate Program Codes Undergraduate Program Codes Graduate Program Codes Graduate Level Evening Education Program Codes Students Undergraduate Preparatory Class İTÜ TÖMER (Turkish Preparatory Class) Undergraduate Course Plans Course Equivalence Prerequisites Course Information Double Major,Minor,Transfer Students Engineering Completion Undergraduate Adjustment Report Archive Students Reached the Maximum Time Frame MasterBee Microcredit Graduate Graduate Course Codes Graduate Course Schedules Graduate School International Students Course Schedules Final Exam Schedules Special Student Student Fee/Tuition Fee Payments Erasmus Exchange Programs Forms Document Fees Education Verification Processes Academic Calendar Equivalence Document Graduation and Diploma Registration Processes Undergraduate Course Registration Course Registration(Double Major,Minor,etc.,) Double Major, Minor, Transfer Application Graduate Master's Degree Course Stage Master's Degree Thesis Delivery PhD Course and Qualifying Stage PhD Thesis Proposal and Study PhD Thesis Delivery Regulations Regulations and Guidelines Valid English Tests Application and Admission SIS Login Homepage Application Process APPLICATION PROCESS Undergraduate Application Process International students who are currently seniors or have graduated from a secondary school that offers a curriculum equivalent to a Turkish High School and who satisfy the requirements below may apply to undergraduate programs at Istanbul Technical University. Applications to undergraduate programs are made online, usually in August every year, through the website of the ITU Registrar's Office. For application dates of 2026-2027 Academic Year please click here Please follow the announcements for international students' application. A) ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS a) Provided that they are in their final year of high school or have already graduated; Foreign nationals, (provided that they have not attended / graduated from secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye) [Except for foreign nationals who have completed all of their high school education in embassy schools / international private education institutions registered in the MOBİS system, as well as those who came to Türkiye within the scope of a project carried out by the Ministry of National Education or the Council of Higher Education] Those who were born as Turkish citizens and have lost Turkish citizenship by obtaining permission to renounce citizenship from the Ministry of Interior, as well as those who hold a Blue Card issued upon request after losing Turkish citizenship, (provided that they have not attended / graduated from secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus) (Applicants applying for international admission quotas are advised to review Article 7 of Law No. 5901 on Turkish Citizenship.) Those who acquired Turkish citizenship later while previously being foreign nationals, and dual nationals in this situation, (provided that they have not attended / graduated from secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus) Turkish citizens who have completed all of their secondary education (high school) in a foreign country other than the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, (including those who completed all of their high school education in Turkish schools abroad opened under the Ministry of National Education) Citizens of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus who, (provided that they have not attended / graduated from high schools in Türkiye or Turkish-curriculum high schools in the TRNC) meet the criteria of GCE A Level, TR-YÖS, or other admission criteria approved by the Council of Higher Education as specified in the application and enrollment regulations of higher education institutions. B) VALID SCORES for APPLICATION C) QUOTAS D) REQUIRED DOCUMENTS for APPLICATON All candidate students apply by uploading the following documents to the ITU system. Please make sure that the documents you upload are readable, in the required standards, complete and in PDF format. IMPORTANT NOTE: If your documents are not in Turkish or English, you must upload Turkish or English translations of your documents along with their originals. WARNING: Authenticity of documents uploaded by the applicants who are eligible to register will be verified by relevant Institutions. The applications including forged documents will be considered as Invalid, the applications will be rejected and a legal action will be initiated against the applicant. 1. High School Diploma:The original high school diploma and its approved translation (Turkish or English) need to be uploaded. The applicants who have not received their diplomas yet are required to upload an official document stating the expected graduation date from their high school. (The applicants need to submit an Equivalency Certificate taken from the Turkish Ministry of Education or Turkish Embassies in their countries and confirming the equivalency of the applicant's diploma to a Turkish high school diploma during registration.) 2. Official Transcript :The applicants need to upload the official transcripts including all courses and grades and the transcripts must be approved by their high school directorate. If the transcript is not in English or Turkish, an approved copy of it translated to these languages should be uploaded together with the transcript. If the applicant still continues his/her study in another university or graduated from a university, the transcript taken from the other university, also required to be uploaded. 3. Valid Exam Result: Application must be made with one of the valid exam/diploma scores that can be seen in article B. It is not possible to apply with any other exams or test scores lower than those presented in article B. It is not possible to apply with a different exam/diploma score. If the relevant document is not in Turkish or English, its certified translation must be uploaded. 4. Photocopy of Passport:Students having passports can upload a photocopy of the identification page (page with the photograph) of their passports. It is not necessary to be approved. Students who do not have passports are not required to upload anything. 5. Blue Card(from Turkish Government ) Students who do not have Blue Cards are not required to upload anything. 6. Residence Permit: Prospective students who already have a residence permit must upload their residence permit document. Prospective students who do not have a residence permit do not need to upload any documents. After final registration at our university, you can complete the residence permit procedures. You may find detailed information about the residence permit here . 7. Statement of Purpose: Students who want to apply for Textile Development and Marketing Program, Faculty of Textile Technologies and Design, are required to upload a writing "Statement of Purpose" which includes 300 words at most and states the requests and justifications of students to enroll in the program. Placement will be done according to the student selection priority and most 3 selections are allowed. Evaluation of the applications is carried out by the relevant Faculty administration after all application processes are completed and the list of students who have the right to register will be announced on this website. Please follow the announcements. E) Language of Instruction at ITU An English Proficiency test result accepted by ITU Senate need to be submitted during registration to take courses at undergraduate programs. Students who cannot provide an English Proficiency exam score will be required to complete English Preparation Course in ITU's School of Foreign Languages for one year. Students who submit a valid English Proficiency Exam result during registration will be exempted from the English Preparatory Class and will be able to directly start the undergraduate program they have been accepted to. Students who are accepted to departments of the faculties which the medium of instruction is 30% English and students who are accepted to the Turkish Music State Conservatory (except for the 100% English-taught Musicology program) are required to submit a C1 level Turkish Proficiency Certificate to the Student Registrar's Office. The certificate must be obtained from centers determined by the ITU Senate within one (1) year from the date of registration in order to start the program in which they have registered. Students who cannot submit the Turkish Proficiency Certificate during this period are considered on leave for an additional 1 (one) year. International students who do not have a Turkish Proficiency Certificate cannot be included in English preparatory or department courses. Students who submit their Turkish Proficiency Certificate at the end of the legal period are subjected to English preparatory education. Students who do not submit their Turkish Proficiency Certificate within the legal deadlines will be disenrolled by the Registrar's Office. In accordance with the decision of the ITU Senate dated 22.12.2022 and numbered 820, the Turkish Proficiency Certificate will be valid only if it is obtained from ITU Turkish Teaching Application and Research Center (TÖMER) or Yunus Emre Institute, to be implemented as of the 2023-2024 Academic Year. Certificates obtained from other TÖMER centers will not be valid. You may reach the foreign language exams accepted by the ITU Senate and the minimum scores, here . You can find detailed information about ITU TÖMER (Turkish Language Center) here. Graduate Application Process Our international students apply to our graduate programs online twice a year, in the Fall and Spring semesters. The quotas, deadlines and the pre conditions of the programs will be announced each term on Registrar's Office website. Required Documents for Application 1. 1. Applicant's official transcripts including all undergraduate and/or graduate level courses and their grades issued by the universities that the applicant graduated or will be graduated from. Applicant who will apply for PhD programs after his/her undergraduate degree has to have at least 3.0 Cumulative GPA out of 4.00. 2. 2. One of the Score Documents from Academic Personnel and Graduate Level Entrance Exam (ALES), GRE or GMAT including the related scores (ALES, GRE and GMAT scores are valid for 5 years.) Applicants for Master's Programs are required to have Numerical score minimum 55 from ALES . Applicants who will apply for PhD programs after their undergraduate level degree are required to have Numerical score minimum 80 FROM ALES (ALES minimum score is not required for the Social Sciences Institute Music programs) The minimum score required from Quantitative section of GRE is 610 (in the new system minimum 149). Applicants for Graduate School of Arts and Social Sciences Programs can apply with GMAT certificate. GMAT with a minimum score of 450 is required for these applicants. 3. One of the Documents of English Proficiency that is accepted according to ITU Senate principles. 4. Statement of Purpose 5. Curriculum Vitae 6. Recommendation Letter For each applied program two recommendation letters are required. For MSc applications, one of these recommendation letters is required to be prepared by an academic instructor who the student worked with. For PhD applications, one of the recommendation letters must be supplied from the supervisor that the candidates are planning to study together during their doctorate education. Reference letter is uploaded to the system by the person who is giving the reference, not by the candidate NOTE:Required ALES, GRE, GMAT minimum scores and minimum cummulative GPA may differ according to Master's and Ph.D. programs . Requirements for programs and quotas are given at the Registar's Office Web page https://www.sis.itu.edu.tr/ Graduate School web page: https://www.lee.itu.edu.tr/ Academic Calendar Undergraduate Level Academic Calendar Undergraduate Internal Transfer, Double Major, Minor Calendar Pre-Registration Calendar Graduate Level Academic Calendar Graduate Level Evening Education Calendar English Preparatory Class Calendar Course Information Course Plans Course Equivalence Prerequisites Course Information Course Schedules Building Codes Undergraduate Program Codes Procedures Application and Admission Double Major, Minor, Internal Transfer Procedures Graduation And Diploma Procedures Institutes Graduate School Disaster Management Institute Eurasia Institute of Earth Sciences Informatics Institute Energy Institute Aviation Institute Zero Waste Institute Institute for the History of Engineering and Technology Faculties School of Foreign Languages Turkish Music State Conservatory Cyber Security Vocational School Other Procedures Regulations Erasmus Exchange Program Mevlana Exchange Program Fee/Tuition Fee Competent Engineering Exam Equivalence Procedures Webmail İTÜ PORTAL Ninova İTÜ Career and Internship Center International Relations Office Scholarship and Dormitories Coordination Student with Disabilities Unit Physical Education Department Phone +90 212 365 78 00-99 (100 line) Fax +90 212 285 29 09 İTÜ Ayazağa Campus Registrar's Office 34469 Maslak - İstanbul Registrar's Office Create Help Ticket Registrar's Office Clarification Text Registrar's Office ogrenciisleri@itu.edu.tr İTÜ Information Technologies Department & Registrar's Office © 2021 ➤