SIS Login İTÜ Homepage Ninova Program Information Dean of Students Help Contact TÜRKÇE About Us History Mission Vision Activities Activity Reports Management and Administrative Staff Processes Sensitive Tasks Work Flow Processes About SIS Building Codes Associate Program Codes Undergraduate Program Codes Graduate Program Codes Graduate Level Evening Education Program Codes Students Undergraduate Preparatory Class İTÜ TÖMER (Turkish Preparatory Class) Undergraduate Course Plans Course Equivalence Prerequisites Course Information Double Major,Minor,Transfer Students Engineering Completion Undergraduate Adjustment Report Archive Students Reached the Maximum Time Frame MasterBee Microcredit Graduate Graduate Course Codes Graduate Course Schedules Graduate School International Students Course Schedules Final Exam Schedules Special Student Student Fee/Tuition Fee Payments Erasmus Exchange Programs Forms Document Fees Education Verification Processes Academic Calendar Equivalence Document Graduation and Diploma Registration Processes Undergraduate Course Registration Course Registration(Double Major,Minor,etc.,) Double Major, Minor, Transfer Application Graduate Master's Degree Course Stage Master's Degree Thesis Delivery PhD Course and Qualifying Stage PhD Thesis Proposal and Study PhD Thesis Delivery Regulations Regulations and Guidelines Valid English Tests Application and Admission SIS Login Homepage EXPLANATIONS ABOUT STUDENT FEE / TUITION FEE EXPLANATIONS ABOUT STUDENT FEE / TUITION FEE General Information The legislation on student fees and tuition fees is regulated by Article 46 of the Higher Education Law No 2547, and the law can be accessed at http://www.yok.gov.tr./ Student fee refers to the fee that students enrolled in daytime education programs are obliged to pay, Tuition fee refers to the required fee for international students, students enrolled in International Dual Degree Programs and Second Education programs without a thesis. Fee/ tuition fees are aid during registration or registration renewal at the beginning of the relevant semester. Those who do not pay tuition / tuition fees within the period and those whose excuses are not accepted by the executive board of the relevant higher education institution cannot enroll for that semester and cannot benefit from their student rights. Those who have not benefited from the student rights because they have not registered will not pay the fee / tuition fee for the period in which they have not benefited from their student rights, if they register in the following terms. Students who are Required to Pay Fee/Tuition Fee 1- Students who exceed the duration of the program in daytime education programs pay fees Education Duration DEGREE PROGRAM PROGRAM DURATION Undergraduate Preparatory 1 year/ 2 semesters Undergraduate Programs (four-year) 4 years/ 8 semesters Graduate Scientific Preparatory Programs (two semesters) 2 semesters Master Programs with Thesis 2 years/ 4 semesters Master Programs without Thesis 1 year/ 2 semesters Doctorate Programs 4 years/ 8 semesters Doctorate Programs after Undergraduate 5 years/10 semesters 2- Minor students who continue their minor program even though they have completed the major program, pay fee for the minor program they pursue. 3- Students who are registered in a second program (except for double major programs) while enrolled in a program pay the student fee / tuition fee for the second program. 4- Students who exceed the normal duration of the graduate program pay a fee for the graduate program. 5- Students studying in the Engineering Completion program pay a fee. 6- Students of international dual degree programs pay tuition fees. 7- International students who register within the scope of the student quota from abroad pay tuition fees. 8- International students who have been placed within the scope of student quota from abroad and become Turkish citizens continue to pay tuition fees. STUDENTS EXEMPT FROM FEE/TUITION FEE 1- Scholarship students who are within the duration of the program and whose scholarship include fee/ tuition fee exemption are exempt from fee / tuition fees. 2- Research assistants who receive graduate education in daytime education programs (during their education) are exempt from tuition fees. If the graduate program student who is a research assistant, have not graduated even after the normal education period has expired, brings the document stating that s/he is a research assistant from the institution they are affiliated to or from the personnel affairs to the Registrar's Office, their exemption from the fee may continue. 3- Children of Martyrs and Veterans are exempt from fees (within the duration of their education) 4- The fees of the students who study in return for compulsory service on behalf of the ministries and public institutions are paid by their institutions, if they consider appropriate. 5- Students with Turkish nationality transferring from Foundation Higher Education Institutions are exempt from the fee during the program period. 6- Among the students who enrolled within the scope of undergraduate transfer from abroad, students whose one of the nationalities is TR / TRNC nationality, and students who are renounced Turkish citizenship are exempt from the fee during the program. 7- Double major students who graduate from the major program within the duration of the program are exempt from fee for one more year after graduation (9th and 10th semesters). Those who are within the scope of fee / tuition fee exemption must submit their documents to the Fee Payment Office of the Registrar's Office within the week in which the Student Fee/ Tuition Fee is paid at the beginning of the relevant semester. Students who will benefit from fee / tuition fee discount 1- For students with disabilities who submit a report of their disability (during their education), a discount is made from the amount of the tuition fee they have to pay according to their level of disability. 2- Students who qualify for a tuition fee discount from international students pay tuition fees with a discount. 3-Pursuant to Article 3, paragraph 2 of the "Decree on the Determination of Student Contribution Fees and Tuition Fees to be Collected as Student Contribution to the Current Service Costs at Higher Education Institutions in the 2026-2027 Academic Year", put into force by Presidential Decree No. 11625 of 14/8/2026 and published in the Official Gazette dated 15/8/2026 and numbered 33341; a sibling discount shall be applied to the tuition fee of international students admitted within the international student admission quotas, provided that both the student and their family hold a residence permit in Türkiye and that more than one student belonging to the same family is continuing their associate or bachelor's degree education at a state higher education institution. At our University, this discount is applied at the rate of 25%. Students wishing to benefit from the discount must apply to the Registrar's Office by 17.00 on Friday, 2 October 2026 for the Fall Semester of the 2026-2027 Academic Year, submitting the residence permit documents of themselves and their family members together with the student certificate of the other family member (a document evidencing the family relationship may also be requested where necessary). Double major students (except for international students) 1- Students within 1-8th semesters of the major program are exempt from fees / tuition fees. 2- In the 9th and 10th semesters of the major program; If there is a major and double major registration, fee / tuition fee is paid for the major. If there is only a Double Major Program registration, no fee is paid. 3- If there is a major and double major enrolment in the 11 and above semesters of the major program, a fee / tuition fee is paid for the major. If there is only a double major enrolment, double major fee / tuition fee is paid. Students participating in exchange programs Students coming from abroad and going abroad within the scope of Erasmus and Mevlana Exchange Programs are subject to the legislation of their higher education institutions in terms of their liabilities regarding fees and tuition fees. Students enrolled in our university as Special Student within the scope of Decree Law 667 Students who are obliged to pay tuition fees will make their payments to the higher education institution where they are placed centrally by ÖSYM. Students enrolled with the ÖSS or equivalent exams are exempted from some courses by adjusting some of the courses they have taken in their previous programs. The semesters spent for such exempted courses are included in the calculation of the education period and are taken into account in the payments of fees/ tuition fees. The time spent by the transfer students in their previous departments is evaluated within the education period and is taken into account in the payment of tuition / tuition fees. BANK RECEIPTS When paying the fee / tuition fee to the bank, students must specify their student numbers and also have their student numbers written on the receipt. It is recommended that the bank receipt be kept by the student as it is mandatory to submit a bank receipt for the refund of the fee / tuition fee in some cases. FEE/ TUITION FEE PAYMENT INFORMATION CHECK Fees paid to the bank during the week of the penalty registration are updated in the system every 2 hours. Student Fee / Tuition Fee 2025-2026 Academic Year Student Fee / Tuition Fee (Including International Students) 2026-2027 Academic Year International Undergraduate Programs (Dual Degree Programs) Tuition Fees. 2025-2026 Academic Year Secondary Education (Non-Thesis) Master's Program Fees Bank to Pay Fees Vakıf Bank Academic Calendar Undergraduate Level Academic Calendar Undergraduate Internal Transfer, Double Major, Minor Calendar Pre-Registration Calendar Graduate Level Academic Calendar Graduate Level Evening Education Calendar English Preparatory Class Calendar Course Information Course Plans Course Equivalence Prerequisites Course Information Course Schedules Building Codes Undergraduate Program Codes Procedures Application and Admission Double Major, Minor, Internal Transfer Procedures Graduation And Diploma Procedures Institutes Graduate School Disaster Management Institute Eurasia Institute of Earth Sciences Informatics Institute Energy Institute Aviation Institute Zero Waste Institute Institute for the History of Engineering and Technology Faculties School of Foreign Languages Turkish Music State Conservatory Cyber Security Vocational School Other Procedures Regulations Erasmus Exchange Program Mevlana Exchange Program Fee/Tuition Fee Competent Engineering Exam Equivalence Procedures Webmail İTÜ PORTAL Ninova İTÜ Career and Internship Center International Relations Office Scholarship and Dormitories Coordination Student with Disabilities Unit Physical Education Department Phone +90 212 365 78 00-99 (100 line) Fax +90 212 285 29 09 İTÜ Ayazağa Campus Registrar's Office 34469 Maslak - İstanbul Registrar's Office Create Help Ticket Registrar's Office Clarification Text Registrar's Office ogrenciisleri@itu.edu.tr İTÜ Information Technologies Department & Registrar's Office © 2021 ➤