SIS Login İTÜ Homepage Ninova Program Information Dean of Students Help Contact TÜRKÇE About Us History Mission Vision Activities Activity Reports Management and Administrative Staff Processes Sensitive Tasks Work Flow Processes About SIS Building Codes Associate Program Codes Undergraduate Program Codes Graduate Program Codes Graduate Level Evening Education Program Codes Students Undergraduate Preparatory Class İTÜ TÖMER (Turkish Preparatory Class) Undergraduate Course Plans Course Equivalence Prerequisites Course Information Double Major,Minor,Transfer Students Engineering Completion Undergraduate Adjustment Report Archive Students Reached the Maximum Time Frame MasterBee Microcredit Graduate Graduate Course Codes Graduate Course Schedules Graduate School International Students Course Schedules Final Exam Schedules Special Student Student Fee/Tuition Fee Payments Erasmus Exchange Programs Forms Document Fees Education Verification Processes Academic Calendar Equivalence Document Graduation and Diploma Registration Processes Undergraduate Course Registration Course Registration(Double Major,Minor,etc.,) Double Major, Minor, Transfer Application Graduate Master's Degree Course Stage Master's Degree Thesis Delivery PhD Course and Qualifying Stage PhD Thesis Proposal and Study PhD Thesis Delivery Regulations Regulations and Guidelines Valid English Tests Application and Admission SIS Login Homepage Tuitions REGISTRATION PROCESS International students who are accepted after the applications are evaluated by the relevant faculties, may register to our University individually by coming to ITU Registrar's Office. After registration individually, students can start their education. Registration dates are announced in the announcements section of Registrar's Office website. Within these dates international students should bring individually. International students who are accepted, should bring the required documents to ITU Registrar's Office in Ayazağa Campus, individually. Required Documents for Registration 1- Exam/Diploma Score: The original of the exam result/diploma used in the application.(SAT,ACT, etc.), If you have used SAT, ACT etc. exam results for application, you can print the result page from the relevant web page of the exam. If you have used diploma scores such as IB, Matura, ABITUR, you must submit the original document. 2- The original High School Diploma: If it is not in English or Turkish, its Turkish or English translation approved by the notary, district governor or consulate should be submitted. 3- The original high school transcripts: If they are not in English or Turkish, its Turkish or English translation approved by the notary, district governor or consulate should be submitted. 4- High School Diploma Equivalency Certificate , Equivalency certificate can be obtained from the National Education Directorates in Turkey. However, since this process can take a long time, we recommend that you get your equivalence certificate from the Turkish consulates in your country. It is important that the equivalence certificate is verifiable. 5- Original and copy of valid passport containing student or tourist visa, and copy of the page with the last entry date stamp into Turkey. 6- Entry-exit document obtained from the General Directorate of Security or E-government from Turkish students who have completed high school abroad. 7- Original and copy of your Blue Card (if you have) 8- Original and copy of your Residence Permit Card (if you have) 9- Bank receipt showing that the semester tuition fee has been paid (You can access the tuition fees list by clicking here . The Tution fees for 2025-2026 Academic year will be announce in the coming weeks. You must make your payments to Vakıfbank branches with your student number. Do not pay to any IBAN number!) 10- Letter of Undertaking (The document will be uploaded in the coming months.) 11- 4 Photographs Language of Instruction at ITU An English Proficiency test result accepted by ITU Senate need to be submitted during registration to take courses at undergraduate programs. Students who cannot provide an English Proficiency exam score will be required to complete English Preparation Course in ITU's School of Foreign Languages for one year. Students who submit a valid English Proficiency Exam result during registration will be exempted from the English Preparatory Class and will be able to directly start the undergraduate program they have been accepted to. Students who are accepted to departments of the faculties which the medium of instruction is 30% English and students who are accepted to the Turkish Music State Conservatory (except for the 100% English-taught Musicology program) are required to submit a C1 level Turkish Proficiency Certificate to the Student Registrar's Office. The certificate must be obtained from centers determined by the ITU Senate within one (1) year from the date of registration in order to start the program in which they have registered. Students who cannot submit the Turkish Proficiency Certificate during this period are considered on leave for an additional 1 (one) year. International students who do not have a Turkish Proficiency Certificate cannot be included in English preparatory or department courses. Students who submit their Turkish Proficiency Certificate at the end of the legal period are subjected to English preparatory education. Students who do not submit their Turkish Proficiency Certificate within the legal deadlines will be disenrolled by the Registrar's Office. In accordance with the decision of the ITU Senate dated 22.12.2022 and numbered 820, the Turkish Proficiency Certificate will be valid only if it is obtained from ITU Turkish Teaching Application and Research Center (TÖMER) or Yunus Emre Institute, to be implemented as of the 2023-2024 Academic Year. Certificates obtained from other TÖMER centers will not be valid. You may reach the foreign language exams accepted by the ITU Senate and the minimum scores, here . You can find detailed information about ITU TÖMER (Turkish Language Center) here . Academic Calendar Undergraduate Level Academic Calendar Undergraduate Internal Transfer, Double Major, Minor Calendar Pre-Registration Calendar Graduate Level Academic Calendar Graduate Level Evening Education Calendar English Preparatory Class Calendar Course Information Course Plans Course Equivalence Prerequisites Course Information Course Schedules Building Codes Undergraduate Program Codes Procedures Application and Admission Double Major, Minor, Internal Transfer Procedures Graduation And Diploma Procedures Institutes Graduate School Disaster Management Institute Eurasia Institute of Earth Sciences Informatics Institute Energy Institute Aviation Institute Zero Waste Institute Institute for the History of Engineering and Technology Faculties School of Foreign Languages Turkish Music State Conservatory Cyber Security Vocational School Other Procedures Regulations Erasmus Exchange Program Mevlana Exchange Program Fee/Tuition Fee Competent Engineering Exam Equivalence Procedures Webmail İTÜ PORTAL Ninova İTÜ Career and Internship Center International Relations Office Scholarship and Dormitories Coordination Student with Disabilities Unit Physical Education Department Phone +90 212 365 78 00-99 (100 line) Fax +90 212 285 29 09 İTÜ Ayazağa Campus Registrar's Office 34469 Maslak - İstanbul Registrar's Office Create Help Ticket Registrar's Office Clarification Text Registrar's Office ogrenciisleri@itu.edu.tr İTÜ Information Technologies Department & Registrar's Office © 2021 ➤