En 繁 簡 Introducing CUHK A Unique Learning Experience Teaching Excellence Campus Environment Rankings Unique College System All-Round Development Faculties and Programmes Co-operative Education Programme Programmes Programme List New Programmes Interdisciplinary Programmes Dual Degree Programme Application JUPAS Overseas / Other Qualifications Non-JUPAS Local Admissions (Year one entry) SNDAS Hong Kong Sub-degree SALSA Mainland Gaokao Fees and Financing Your Studies Fees Scholarships Financial Aid Download News and Events Chat with Our Students Why CUHK Studying in HK Colleges and Hostels Undergraduate Curriculum Sharing from Our Students News and Events Publications Video Gallery Application Overseas / Other Qualifications (Non-Local) (international) Home Application Overseas / Other Qualifications Application Guides Application Guides How to Apply Advance Offer To facilitate outstanding candidates in making informed decisions among all early offers they receive from various universities, candidates who apply to CUHK on or before 12 November 2026 will be considered for an advance offer. In this round, successful applicants may be given a firm or conditional offer depending on individual merits, and those selected for advance offers will be notified from December 2026. Applicants who are not selected for an advance offer will automatically compete on equal footing with all other applicants in the Regular round, the application deadline of which is 7 January 2027. MBChB programme Advance Offer is not applicable to the Medicine programme Extended Application Deadline is not applicable to Medicine - interested applicants (from all academic backgrounds) are expected to submit their application by Regular Round Deadline . Thereafter, applications will only be considered subject to availability of places Application Deadline Advance Offer Round Deadline: 12 November 2026 Regular Round Deadline: 7 January 2027 Application Guides Please read the application guide and online application step-by-step guide before completing the application as they contain important information and guidelines that will assist you in completing and submitting your application. APPLICATION GUIDE STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE Post Submission Guide Supporting Documents To facilitate the processing of your application, please make sure that you have fully completed and uploaded the following supporting documents (if available): (i) Copies of your Hong Kong Identity Card, Dependant Visa, Passport and Entry Permit, if applicable (For verification purposes only. It will be deleted from the applicant's file after the said purpose has been served.) (ii) Copies of your academic transcripts, public examinations results and other credentials (if applicable): high school reports / transcripts and graduation certificate / diploma diploma / sub-degree transcripts and graduation certificate university transcripts / degree certificate result slip(s) of public examination(s) (e.g. IB / SAT / AP / ACT / GCE / GCSE / IGCSE / Gaokao / others). The University Code for College Board (for submission of SAT / AP results) is 5690, and for ACT it is 7050. English / Chinese language test results (e.g. TOEFL / IELTS / others). The University Code for submission of TOEFL results is 0812. certificates in support of professional / academic achievements (iii) Personal Statement Applicants applying to Medicine are required to submit a separate 250-word personal statement. For other details regarding Medicine's requirements, please refer here . (iv) Resume / Curriculum Vitae (optional) (v) Recommendation of an academic referee You may nominate up to three referees in the "Referee Information"section of the application. Once your online application has been submitted and the application fee settled, your nominated referees will receive an email invitation to access the Undergraduate Admissions Recommendation System , where they can complete the Confidential Recommendation / Referee Report . Counsellors / teachers who would like to submit a recommendation Kindly make use of our Undergraduate Admissions Recommendation System to submit your recommendation. Please ask your students to nominate you as a referee by entering your details in the "Referee Information" section of the online application, after they have submitted the application and paid the application fee. You will then receive an email invitation to access the Undergraduate Admissions Recommendation System, where you can complete the Confidential Recommendation / Referee Report. Please login to your account at your earliest convenience and the system will guide you through the recommendation submission process. You may also upload a recommendation letter along with other confidential documents, such as predicted grades , through the system. Please ensure all documents are combined into a single file before uploading. STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE FOR REFEREES For enquiries, please submit them here . Application Fee You will need to pay a non-refundable application fee of HK$500 for 2027 entry via ONLINE payment by credit card (Mastercard, VISA or UnionPay) or Faster Payment System (FPS) (for Hong Kong bank accounts only) through our Online Application System at the time of submission. Application Status You can check your application status through our application portal, which also provides guidance on completing our application and settling the application fee. Please note that CUHK does not engage in any joint ventures, partnerships, or agency relationships with student recruitment agencies or companies for undergraduate admissions. All matters related to undergraduate admissions are exclusively administered by the University's Office of Admissions and Financial Aid, which operates the only official application platform for undergraduate admissions to CUHK. For more details, please refer to our official statement here: 香港中文大學嚴正聲明 (Chinese version only) . 您可以透過我們的申請平台查閱申請狀態，該平台同時提供完成申請及繳交申請費用的指引。 請注意，香港中文大學並未與任何學生招募機構或公司建立合資、合作或代理關係，以處理本科入學事宜。所有與本科入學相關的事宜均由本校「入學及學生資助處」專責管理，並僅透過本校唯一的 官方申請平台 辦理香港中文大學本科入學申請。 詳情請參閱我們的官方聲明： 香港中文大學嚴正聲明 (僅限中文版) 。 CHECK APPLICATION STATUS For applications and results notification timeline of the selection exercise for 2027 entry, please check here . Overseas / Other Qualifications Requirements Important Dates Application Guides FAQ Important Information Fees Calculator Stay in Touch Campus Life Chat with Our Students News and Events Local JUPAS SNDAS Non-JUPAS Local Admissions (Year one entry) Hong Kong Sub-degree SALSA Non Local Overseas / Other Qualifications Mainland Gaokao (只提供簡體中文) TOP about cuhk Introducing CUHK Our Students News and Events Application Programmes Application Fees and Financing Your Studies cuhkadmissions cuhkadmissions cuhkjupasadmission cuhkinternationaladmissions CUHK Website Admission Regulations Contact Us Equal Opportunities Privacy Policy and Disclaimer Sitemap Copyright © 2026. All Rights Reserved. The Chinese University of Hong Kong.