En 繁 簡 Introducing CUHK A Unique Learning Experience Teaching Excellence Campus Environment Rankings Unique College System All-Round Development Faculties and Programmes Co-operative Education Programme Programmes Programme List New Programmes Interdisciplinary Programmes Dual Degree Programme Application JUPAS Overseas / Other Qualifications Non-JUPAS Local Admissions (Year one entry) SNDAS Hong Kong Sub-degree SALSA Mainland Gaokao Fees and Financing Your Studies Fees Scholarships Financial Aid Download News and Events Chat with Our Students Why CUHK Studying in HK Colleges and Hostels Undergraduate Curriculum Sharing from Our Students News and Events Publications Video Gallery Fees Fees and Financing Your Studies Home Fees and Financing Your Studies Fees Fees 2027-2028 annual tuition fees for local students Local students (including those classified under LS5 Category I): HK$49,500 per annum Local students classified under LS5 Category II: HK$230,000 per annum Please refer to this document for details. 2027-2028 annual tuition fees for non-local students HK$230,000 per annum You are considered to be a non-local student if you: require a student visa/entry permit to study in Hong Kong; or hold a visa/entry permit under the Immigration Arrangements for Non-local Graduates (IANG); or hold a dependant visa/entry permit and were 18 or older when you were issued the visa/entry permit by the Director of Immigration. *The annual tuition fee for non-local students in the 2027-28 academic year is HK$230,000. Any yearly fee adjustment for the 2027 cohort will be capped at 3%. The tuition fee for dual-degree undergraduate programmes may vary. A caution fee of HK$450 must be paid upon enrolment. This is refundable upon withdrawal from the University, but is otherwise usually used as a graduation fee. For more information, please visit: https://www.res.cuhk.edu.hk/general-information/tuition-and-other-fees/ Cost of Living: CUHK has eight faculties and over 9,000 hostel places for our students. Here is an estimate of the overall living costs when studying at CUHK. On-Campus Accommodation: about HK$17,000 Living Expenses: about HK$45,000 For information about off-campus accommodation, please visit: https://lces.osa.cuhk.edu.hk/non-local-students-support/on-and-off-campus-accommodation/ Scholarships: CUHK offers a range of scholarships based on academic merit for both local and non-local students. The scholarships cover tuition fees and living expenses in some cases, making it easier for students to pursue their education at this world-class university. We are committed to maintaining a diverse campus and welcoming the brightest students, regardless of their financial circumstances. For more information, please visit: Scholarships Fees Scholarships Admission Scholarships (for undergraduates only) Scholarships for Local JUPAS Students Other Major Scholarships Open for Applications List of Scholarships and Awards Financial Aid Major Financial Aid Schemes Open for Applications List of Financial Aid Download News and Events TOP about cuhk Introducing CUHK Our Students News and Events Application Programmes Application Fees and Financing Your Studies cuhkadmissions cuhkadmissions cuhkjupasadmission cuhkinternationaladmissions CUHK Website Admission Regulations Contact Us Equal Opportunities Privacy Policy and Disclaimer Sitemap Copyright © 2026. All Rights Reserved. The Chinese University of Hong Kong.