En 繁 簡 Introducing CUHK A Unique Learning Experience Teaching Excellence Campus Environment Rankings Unique College System All-Round Development Faculties and Programmes Co-operative Education Programme Programmes Programme List New Programmes Interdisciplinary Programmes Dual Degree Programme Application JUPAS Overseas / Other Qualifications Non-JUPAS Local Admissions (Year one entry) SNDAS Hong Kong Sub-degree SALSA Mainland Gaokao Fees and Financing Your Studies Fees Scholarships Financial Aid Download News and Events Chat with Our Students Why CUHK Studying in HK Colleges and Hostels Undergraduate Curriculum Sharing from Our Students News and Events Publications Video Gallery Fees and Financing Your Studies Fees and Financing Your Studies Home Fees and Financing Your Studies Scholarships Admission Scholarships (for undergraduates only) Admission Scholarships (for undergraduates only) Admission Scholarships (for undergraduates only) CUHK offers admission scholarships to both local and non-local new undergraduate students on the basis of their excellent academic or non-academic performance. There is no need for the students to apply for these scholarships. The University will identify qualified new students and inform the selected students of the scholarship offers. The value of each Admission Scholarship ranges from HK$5,000 to a full-tuition coverage. Many of the Admission Scholarships are renewable for the normative period of study programme subject to satisfactory academic progress. Some of the Admission Scholarships will also include an allowance of up to HK$66,000 per year. Outstanding students who have attained the qualifications as stipulated below will be eligible for consideration of Admission Scholarships. (I) For Local Students JUPAS Students admitted to the University on the basis of the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) results Please click here for " Scholarships for Local JUPAS Students ". Non-JUPAS Non-JUPAS local students with results in GCE A-Level/ IB Diploma/ SAT/ OSSD/ B.C. Diploma or equivalent/ ATAR/ Taiwan GSAT/ Cambridge Pre-U examinations/ Associate Degree/ Higher Diploma, etc. (II) For Non-local Students Students from the Chinese Mainland Non-local students from the Chinese Mainland with Gaokao results Students from Other Regions Non-local students from other regions with any academic qualifications which meet undergraduate admission requirements List of Scholarships Expand All HKSAR Government Scholarship To attract outstanding local students to advance their studies locally and meritorious non-local students to pursue higher education opportunities in Hong Kong, the Government established the HKSAR Government Scholarship Fund in 2008 to give due recognition to distinguished local and non-local students. The amount of HKSAR Government Scholarship is HK$40,000 per year for local students and HK$80,000 per year for non-local students. CUHK will nominate suitable first-year undergraduate students to the Education Bureau for the HKSAR Government Scholarship. Application for this scholarship is NOT required. Belt and Road Scholarship The Belt and Road Scholarship has also been offered by the Government of the HKSAR to outstanding new students from the Belt and Road Region since the academic year 2016/17. The Scholarship is open to students from six designated countries, namely Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar and Thailand. Starting from the academic year 2019/20, Belt and Road Scholarship (Other Countries) has been offered to students from countries along the Belt and Road Regions other than the six designated ones. The Belt and Road Scholarship will cover the tuition fees of the awardees. For details of the Scholarship, please click here . CUHK will nominate suitable first-year undergraduate students to the Education Bureau for the Belt and Road Scholarship. Applications for this scholarship is NOT required. CUHK Vice-Chancellor's Scholarships for Excellence Each year, 8 non-renewable awards of HK$50,000 each will be given out to the distinguished new students admitted to any full-time undergraduate programmes, irrespective of the admission channel and residency. Please click here for details. Exchange Scholarships Awarded on Admission Exceptionally outstanding new students may be awarded a University Exchange Scholarship, ranging from HK$10,000 to HK$80,000, in addition to the Admission Scholarship. Sports Scholarships Sports scholarships are available to both JUPAS and Non-JUPAS (local) students. Students with remarkable sports achievements will be awarded a sports scholarship of HK$15,000 to HK$80,000, the maximum years of receiving the scholarship is subject to respective study programmes and a hostel place is guaranteed in the first year. The scholarship and hostel place are renewable based on an annual assessment of both standards of academic and sports performance. For details, please visit the website of the Physical Education Unit . Scholarships Based on Non-Academic Areas One-off scholarships ranging from HK$50,000 to HK$214,000 each may also be awarded to non-local students who excel in non-academic areas such as sports, music, art, science and technology. CUHK Scholarships for School Nominations Direct Admission Scheme (SNDAS) In order to give due recognition and encouragement to distinguished students with exceptional talents and achievements in specific areas that cannot be fully assessed by HKDSE, a scholarship scheme for SNDAS is offered from 2023 entry. The scholarship amount is HK$47,000 on a non-renewable basis. The award of CUHK Scholarships for School Nominations Direct Admission Scheme is subject to competitive selection and not guaranteed. SNDAS applicants admitted to CUHK will automatically be considered for the Scholarships, and are not required to submit a separate application for the Scholarship. Scholarship recipients will be informed of their award individually. CUHK Scholarship for Remarkable Endeavour for Admission To recognize new students with special educational needs (SEN) who pay extra effort in order to pursue higher education, CUHK will offer up to 10 one-off awards of HK$10,000 each annually to these students, irrespective of the admission channel and residency. Application announcement on this Scholarship will be made after commencement of the academic year. Honours at Entrance Many of the recipients of the University Admission Scholarships will be awarded Honours at Entrance. The award, which does not carry monetary value, will be recorded in the official academic transcripts of the students. Admission Scholarships Supported by Donors Other than the aforesaid scholarships supported by the HKSAR Government and CUHK, there are other generous benefactors who donate admission scholarships to our outstanding new students. For instance, the Hong Kong Jockey Club will offer T he Hong Kong Jockey Club Chairman's Scholarship and T he Hong Kong Jockey Club Striding On Scholarship starting from 2023 entry. Fees Scholarships Admission Scholarships (for undergraduates only) Scholarships for Local JUPAS Students Other Major Scholarships Open for Applications List of Scholarships and Awards Financial Aid Major Financial Aid Schemes Open for Applications List of Financial Aid Download News and Events TOP about cuhk Introducing CUHK Our Students News and Events Application Programmes Application Fees and Financing Your Studies cuhkadmissions cuhkadmissions cuhkjupasadmission cuhkinternationaladmissions CUHK Website Admission Regulations Contact Us Equal Opportunities Privacy Policy and Disclaimer Sitemap Copyright © 2026. All Rights Reserved. The Chinese University of Hong Kong.