For International Applicants KAIST Undergraduate Admissions Guide - Spring & Fall 2027 - 2 Table of Contents . Undergraduate Academic Programs Ⅰ P.4 . Application Timeline Ⅱ P.5 . Eligibility and Requirements Ⅲ P.6 Applicants who completed (or will complete) ⤷ high school in Korea P.10 . Application Process Overview Ⅳ P.11 . Application Fee Ⅴ P.12 . Selection Process Ⅵ P.13 . Final Documents for Admitted Students Ⅶ P.14 . Important Notes Ⅷ P.15 . Application Fee Waiver Program Ⅸ P.17 Appendix. Essay Prompts P.18 - 3 Welcome to KAIST Thank you for your interest in KAIST (Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology) . Established as Korea's first research-oriented science and technology university, KAIST has played a pivotal role in advancing Korea's scientific innovation, technological development, and entrepreneurship. Our graduates have become leaders in academia, industry, and global innovation. At KAIST, we are committed to educating the next generation of scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs who will shape the future of the world. Why KAIST? Full Scholarship for International Students💰 All international students receive full financial support, including tuition and living expenses. 🔍 Undeclared Major for Freshmen Students enter KAIST without declaring a major and have the opportunity to explore various STEM fields before choosing their academic path in their second year. 🌍 English-medium Instruction & Global Community Most courses are conducted entirely in English, and students join a diverse international community. World-Class Academic Excellence🎓 Ranked #24 in the QS World University Rankings by Subject 2025: Engineering & Technology #1 in Korea Undergraduate Research Opportunities🔬 Hands-on research through programs such as the Undergraduate Research Participation (URP) Program. Join KAIST and become part of a global community of innovators shaping the future of science and technology. OFFICE OF ADMISSIONS TEL +82-42-350-4803 | E-MAIL creative.adm@kaist.ac.kr WEBSITE https://admission.kaist.ac.kr/intl-undergraduate MAILING ADDRESS Undergraduate Admissions Team, Office of Admissions, KAIST, #102, Yang Boon Soon Bldg. (E16-1), 291 Daehak-ro, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon 34141, Republic of Korea OFFICE HOUR Monday to Friday (excluding holidays), 9:00AM to 6:00PM (KST) - 4 Ⅰ Undergraduate Academic Programs College School Department / Division College of Natural Sciences  http://natsci.kaist.ac.kr/eng Physics Mathematical Sciences Chemistry College of Life Science & Bioengineering  https://bio.kaist.ac.kr/ Biological Sciences Brain and Cognitive Sciences College of Engineering  https://engineering.kaist.ac.kr/ School of Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Engineering - Aerospace Engineering School of Electrical Engineering Electrical Engineering School of Computing Computer Science Civil & Environmental Engineering Bio & Brain Engineering Industrial Design Industrial & Systems Engineering Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering Materials Science & Engineering Nuclear & Quantum Engineering College of AI  https://aicollege.kaist.ac.kr/ School of AI AI Computing AI Systems - AX - AI and Future Studies College of Business  https://btm.kaist.ac.kr/en/ - Business and Technology Management - School of Transdisciplinary Studies  http://sts.kaist.ac.kr/site/sts/ ▶ Please note that KAIST operates a non-declared major system, allowing students to enroll without declaring a major . Upon reaching their second year, students have the opportunity to select a major that best aligns with their individual goals and interests without additional requirements or admission procedures. KAIST provides various resources, including academic fairs, lectures, seminars, and other programs to assist students in making informed decisions about their major. ▶ Please note that KAIST does not provide a transfer system. Therefore, regardless of the student's prior coursework or enrollment at other universities, they will be enrolled as a freshman upon admission. - 5 Ⅱ Application Timeline KAIST has Two Application Tracks: EARLY and REGULAR | EARLY | Application Window Opens Application Deadline Recommendation Letter Deadline Interview (if required)* Admission Results Offer Confirmation Start of Academic Year Sep. 22 2026 Oct. 22 2026 (6:00 PM, KST) Oct. 29 2026 (6:00 PM, KST) Dec. 22 2026 Jan. 7 2027 Within two weeks after verification Spring 2027 Fall 2027 Applicants for the Early track may opt to enroll in either the Spring or Fall 2027 semester, provided they ※ meet the necessary eligibility criteria (p. 6). * Interviews may be conducted if deemed necessary. Selected applicants will be contacted individually via email with further instructions. The interview date is subject to change. | REGULAR | Application Window Opens Application Deadline Recommendation Letter Deadline Interview (if required)* Admission Results Offer Confirmation Start of Academic Year Nov. 10 2026 Jan. 14 2027 (6:00 PM, KST) Jan. 21 2027 (6:00 PM, KST) Mar. 3 2027 Mar. 25 2027 Within two weeks after verification Fall 2027 * Interviews may be conducted if deemed necessary. Selected applicants will be contacted individually via email with further instructions. The interview date is subject to change. NOTE!※ 1) Due to the time required to complete the application process, applicants are strongly advised to finalize and submit the online application at least one week prior to the application deadline. 2) Applicants must complete the online application and upload all required documents by 6:00 PM (KST: Korean Standard Time) on the deadline. 3) Upon completion of the application fee payment, an automated email requesting the recommendation letter will be sent to the recommender. Therefore, applicants are advised to complete the payment as early as possible to allow sufficient time for the recommender to submit the letter before the deadline. 4) Once the application fee has been paid, the application track cannot be changed (e.g., from Early to Regular). 5) Please note that all dates are subject to change. - 6 Ⅲ Eligibility and Requirements A. Eligibility: International applicants MUST meet all of the following requirements. 1. ▶ Spring 2027 (Early only) Applicants who have graduated or will graduate from high school by February 28, 2027 . ▶ Fall 2027 (Early/Regular) Applicants who have graduated or will graduate from high school by August 31, 2027. 2. Applicants with ▶ foreign citizenship International applicants ※ MUST ADDITIONALLY satisfy one of the following two requirements: 1) Neither of the applicant's parents is a Korean citizen; or 2) Applicants of Korean origin must have received their entire elementary, junior high, and high school education outside of Korea. The education received must be at a level that is comparable and equivalent to the education provided in Korea. Note that international schools ※ located in Korea are NOT acknowledged as foreign schools. ※ Applicants who hold Korean Citizenship (including dual citizenship) are NOT eligible to apply as international students. B. Requirements Applicants only need to upload scanned copies of documents during the application process. Original documents are not required to be mailed at this stage. * A recommendation letter is optional starting with the 2027 admissions cycle. Applicants may submit up to two recommendation letters. ** Applicants of Korean origin with at least one Korean parent must submit diplomas from all schools attended to verify that their education was completed outside of Korea. Requirement Documents Required Application Form① High School and University Transcripts② Copy of Passport or National ID③ Standardized Test Score Reports④ (e.g., SAT, ACT, AP, IB, GCE A-Level, or other national high school leaving or university entrance examinations) English Proficiency Test (EPT) Score Reports⑤ (e.g., TOEFL, IELTS, TOEIC or TEPS) Optional Letters of Recommendation*(⑥ Highly recommended , Up to Two) Honors and Awards⑦ High School Profile⑧ School Report⑨ Required for Korean Origin Only** Certificate of Entry and Exit (issued by the Korean Immigration Office)⑩ ⑪ Certificate of Loss of Korean Nationality - 7 C. Application Documents in Details REQUIRED「 」 Application Form➊  Application Portal: https://univapply.kaist.ac.kr/interapply/  Essay Prompts: See page 18. High School and University Transcripts➋  Applicants must submit official transcripts from all high schools attended (and universities*). * Applicants currently enrolled in a university must submit transcripts from both their high school and university.  Transcripts must include records of all coursework taken during the final two or three years of high school, including courses currently in progress.  If available, transcripts may also indicate the applicant's class or grade rank. Copy of Passport or National ID➌  Applicants must submit a copy of applicant's passport or national ID card as proof of nationality.  The passport copy must clearly show the passport number, date of issue and expiration date, photo and name. Standardized Test Score Reports➍  Applicants must submit at least one official test score (e.g., SAT, ACT, AP, IB, GCE A-Level, or other national high school leaving or university entrance examinations).  Applicants are strongly encouraged to submit test scores demonstrating strong proficiency in mathematics and science, particularly in physics, chemistry, or biology.  If the highest scores are obtained from different test dates, applicants may submit scores from multiple examinations. The highest score in each category will be considered.  Applicants who have submitted their High School Leaving Exam or University Entrance Exam results are required to provide a one-page summary of the exam. This should cover the exam procedure, competition rate, results, and any other relevant information. Important Note※ : Official test scores for SAT, AP, and ACT must be sent to KAIST by the testing agency through online reporting. - Institution Code of KAIST for SAT, and AP score report: 4433 - Institution Code of KAIST for ACT score report: 7778 - Institution Code of KAIST for IB score report: 000559 * Score reports may take up to 1~2 weeks to be received by KAIST after they are sent by the testing agency. Applicants should allow sufficient time to ensure that scores arrive before the application deadline. Documents issued in languages other than English must be accompanied by an English translation. The translation must bear the seal of a recognized translation institution or notary office. - 8 ➎ English Proficiency Test (EPT) Score Reports  The official language of communication and instruction for international students at KAIST is English. Therefore, all applicants must submit at least one of the following English Proficiency test (EPT) scores. Test Recommended Score TOEFL iBT 83 (Taken before Jan 21, 2026) / 4.5 (Taken on or after Jan 21, 2026) IELTS 6.5 TOEIC 720 TEPS 326  Applicants must upload a PDF copy of their EPT score report through the application portal.  The EPT scores must be from tests taken on or after the dates below to allow sufficient time for verification. Test scores must remain valid (within two years) as of the application deadline. Admission Track Earliest Accepted Test Date Early November 12, 2024 Regular February 4, 2025  Scores from Institutional Testing Program(ITP), Duolingo English Test(DET) and at-home/online test versions are NOT accepted. ※ EPT Exemption Applicants may request an exemption from the EPT if they meet one of the following criteria. 1) Nationals of English-speaking countries Nationals of the following countries are automatically exempt: - Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Canada, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Malta, New Zealand, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, the U.K., and the U.S. 2) Applicants who completed high school where English was the medium of instruction - Applicants must submit a certificate or official letter issued by the high school confirming that English was the medium of instruction. ※ Predicted Scores (IB or GCE A-level ONLY): - Predicted scores must be provided and verified by a school counselor or teacher. - Applicants who submit predicted IB or GCE A-Level scores may be granted a conditional admission. - Applicants with a conditional admission must submit their final official IB or GCE A-Level results once they are released. - If there is a significant discrepancy between the predicted and final scores, the conditional admission may be rescinded and eligibility for the KAIST Scholarship may also be affected. - The final admission decision will be announced after the official results are reviewed. - 9 OPTIONAL「 」 ❻ Letters of Recommendation (Highly recommended, Up to Two)  Applicants may submit up to two recommendation letters; although optional, submission is highly recommended.  Recommendation letters are strongly encouraged to be written by an academic advisor, homeroom teacher, or a math or science teacher.  Letters must be submitted directly by the recommender and written in English .  Recommenders must submit their recommendation letters electronically through the online application portal through the link provided by KAIST. Please ensure that the recommender's email address is entered correctly in the online application. We ※ recommend using a Gmail or Yahoo account, as emails sent to local email services may be filtered or blocked.  Recommendation letters CANNOT be submitted in hard copies nor by email. ➐ Honors and Awards  Applicants may submit up to five honors or awards obtained during their high school years.  The list of honors and awards will only be considered valid if supporting documents are submitted. High School Profile➑  Applicants may submit an official high school profile, brochure or other documents published by the applicant's high school or the Ministry of Education.  The profile may include information such as the school's grading system, college acceptance statistics, or other relevant details that help us better understand the school.  The submitted school profile should be no more than five pages in length. ➒ School Report  A School Report is an official document issued by the applicant's high school, providing information on the school's academic system, grading scale, and the applicant's academic performance in context .  Only official documents issued and certified by the school will be accepted. Required for Korean Origins only「 」 ➓ Certificate of Entry and Exit (Issued by the Korean Immigration Office)  Applicants of Korean origin must submit a certificate issued by the Korean Immigration Office within two months prior to the application deadline. This certificate must show all entry and exit records from the applicant's date of birth to the date of application submission .  Please be aware that admission may be negatively affected or rescinded if false information is found in the submitted materials, or if entry/exit records cannot be verified due to the use of dual passports.  If it is difficult to obtain the Certificate of Entry and Exit Records directly, applicants may request a third party residing in Korea to obtain the certificate on their behalf. To do so, they will need to provide a copy of their passport, a power of attorney, and an application form. The Korea Immigration Service can be reached at +82-1345. ⓫ Certificate of Loss of Korean Nationality  Korean origin applicants must submit documents such as a Family Relation Certificate, Proof of Loss of Korean Nationality, Family Census Register. International applicants with one Korean parent must submit diplomas from all schools attended to verify ※ that their entire secondary education was completed outside Korea. - 10 D. Applicants who completed (or will complete) high school in Korea International students who graduated or will graduate from high school in Korea are also welcome to apply to the KAIST. Please check the eligibility and requirements below. Eligibility: ① Applicants must meet all of the following requirements. - Applicants must hold a non-Korean citizenship. - Applicant's parents must hold non-Korean citizenship. ※ Applicants holding dual citizenship (Korean & foreign) are NOT eligible to apply as international students. Required Documents ② Requirement Documents Required Application Form ① High School / University Transcript*②  생활기록부Official transcripts( ) from all high schools attended (and universities, if applicable) must be submitted. ③ Official documents verifying the nationality of the applicant and both parents (e.g., copies of passports) Standardized Test Score Reports*④ 수학능력시험(e.g., SAT, ACT, AP, IB, GCE A-Level, or Korean Scholastic Ability Test( ) English Proficiency Test (EPT) Score Reports*⑤ (e.g., TOEFL, IELTS, TOEIC or TEPS) Optional Letters of Recommendation*(Highly recommended, Up to Two)⑥ Honors and Awards⑦ High School Profile⑧ School Report⑨ * For details, refer to pages 6 ~ 9. - 11 Ⅳ Application Process Overview Step 1 Review the admission guidelines. https://admission.kaist.ac.kr/intl-undergraduate/application/ApplicationGuide/guide FAQs: https://admission.kaist.ac.kr/intl-undergraduate/notice/notice#2145 - Understand the application process and the required documents. Step 2 Create an account and complete the online application form - Application portal: https://univapply.kaist.ac.kr/interapply/ - Ensure that all required fields are filled out and properly saved. Step 3 Submit required documents - Upload scanned copies of all required documents to the application by the application deadline. Step 4 Review the application: Before proceeding, carefully review the application to ensure - All information is accurate and complete - The email address of the recommender should be valid Step 5 Pay the application fee - Application fee: USD 80 - Payment method: Credit card or bank transfer * Once the application fee is paid, the application cannot be deleted or cancelled. However, it is still possible to update or modify the application during the application period . Step 6 Check Recommendation letters - The recommender will automatically receive an email with instructions on how to submit the recommendation letter once the application fee is paid. - The recommendation letter must be submitted directly by the recommender through the KAIST application portal by the recommendation letter submission deadline. Step 7 Check the application status - Log in to verify that all required documents have been successfully uploaded. * It is the sole responsibility of the applicant to verify whether all mandatory documents have been successfully submitted. Automatic Submission Application Review▷▶ Step 8 Attend an online interview (If required) - Interviews may be conducted if deemed necessary. Selected applicants will be contacted individually via email with further instructions. Step 9 Check the final results - Check the admission results at: https://univapply.kaist.ac.kr/interapply/ - 12 Ⅴ Application Fee 1) Credit Card Payment (Domestic or International) Once the payment is completed, the application number will be automatically generated. Applicants are not required to submit a payment receipt, as the system will automatically verify the payment. 2) By Domestic Bank Transfer (Korean Bank) If the application fee is paid through a Korean bank account, the remittance receipt must be sent to the Office of Admissions via email( creative.adm@kaist.ac.kr). The application number will be issued after the payment has been confirmed. If a person in Korea pays the application fee on behalf of the applicant, the remittance receipt must also be submitted by email. ※ The fee in KRW will be announced separately based on exchange rate fluctuations. [ Bank Transfer Information ] 우리은행 - Bank Name: Woori Bank ( ) - Account Number: 025-310617-01-036 (KRW Only) - Message: Applicant's full name 3) By International Bank Transfer (80 USD) (Local Bank) If payment is made through an international bank transfer, the remittance receipt must be sent to the Office of Admissions via email( creative.adm@kaist.ac.kr). The application number will be issued after the payment has been confirmed. International bank transfers may take several weeks to process. Applicants are strongly advised to ※ initiate the transfer at least three weeks before the application deadline. Any additional charges (e.g., bank transaction fees) must be covered by the applicant.※ [ Bank Transfer Information ] - Bank Name: Woori Bank - Branch Name: KAIST Branch - Bank Address: 291 Daehak-ro, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon, Korea (34141) - Account Number: 270-003359-41185 (USD Only) - Beneficiary: KAIST - SWIFT Code: HVBKKRSExxx - Message: Applicant's full name <Application fee: 80 USD> ※ The fee in KRW will be announced separately based on exchange rate fluctuations. We offer three payment options: 1) Credit Card Payment (Domestic or International), 2) Domestic Bank Transfer (Korean Bank), 3) International Bank Transfer NOTE: ※ The application fee is ① non-refundable and cannot be waived . However, eligible applicants may request an application fee waiver. Please refer to page 17 for details about the KAIST Application Fee Waiver Program. Any additional charges (e.g., bank transaction fees) must be covered by the applicant.② Once the application fee has been paid, ③ the admission track cannot be changed . - 13 Ⅵ Selection Process KAIST conducts a holistic evaluation of each applicant. All materials submitted as part of the application are reviewed comprehensively during the admissions process. In determining admission, KAIST considers multiple factors, including applicants' academic achievements (especially in math and science), potential, interpersonal skills, personal achievements, integrity, and leadership. For academic achievements, applicants are reviewed in terms of the level of coursework completed in math and science, the quality of achievements, and the characteristics of the institutions attended. Details of the evaluation process and specific assessment criteria will not be disclosed . Qualities KAIST Looks for in Students  Enjoying knowledge exploration based on expertise in science and technology  Strong sense of ethics and consideration of the environment for humanity  Passion for and love of challenges in new fields  Contributing to the nation and society based on sense of belonging and cooperative spirit 1. Eligibility Verification  Applications will first be reviewed to confirm that applicants meet the eligibility requirements and have submitted all required documents.  Applicants with incomplete application forms, missing documents, or failure to follow the application procedures may be disqualified from the admissions process. 2. Application Review The applicants will be initially evaluated based on their documents submitted with their application. 3. Online Interview (If required*)  Applicants selected for an interview will be notified by email.  Applicants must respond to the email to confirm their availability.  The interview date and time will be provided in the interview invitation. * Interviews may be conducted if deemed necessary. Selected applicants will be contacted individually via email with further instructions. 4. Admission Results Applicants can check their final admission results through the online application portal. - 14 Ⅶ Final Documents for Admitted Students Applicants who are admitted to KAIST must prepare the following documents and send them to the KAIST Office of Admissions by international mail within the designated period. The detailed submission deadline will be announced together with the admission results. These documents must be sent and verified by KAIST before the university can issue the Certificate of Admission and other documents required for the student visa application. Remarks Documents Identity & Citizenship Verification 1. Copy of Passport of Applicant  A photocopy of the identification page of the applicant's valid passport  The passport number may be partially redacted for security purposes. 2. Identity Document of Both Parents  A photocopy of the identification page of each parent's passport or national ID  If only one parent holds legal custody due to death, divorce, or other valid reasons, applicants must submit supporting official documents together with the citizenship document of the legal guardian. Proof of Family Relationship 3. Certificate of Family Registration  Applicants may submit a birth certificate or an equivalent official document showing the relationship between the applicant and their parents.  If circumstances such as death or divorce are not indicated on the birth certificate, additional official documents must be provided.  (Only for Applicants of Korean Ethnicity, if applicable) Certificate of Loss of Korean Citizenship Financial Statement (Bank Statement) 4. Bank Statement in the name of the applicant or parent  For the visa application process, proof of funds of KRW 16,000,000 is generally required. However, considering the annual KAIST scholarship (approximately KRW 11,786,000), applicants are required to demonstrate a balance of approximately USD 3,200. Apostilled Academic & Test Documents 5. Apostilled Academic Documents  High school graduation diploma and official transcripts  university diploma and transcripts(If applicable)  Standardized Test Score Reports(e.g., Final IB or A level certificates, high school leaving examination, university entrance examination, or other nationally/internationally recognized examinations) - This requirement applies only to applicants who uploaded their test score reports as PDF files during the application process. - Applicants whose scores were submitted through official online reporting systems are not required to submit hard copies. - 15 Apostille and Consular Legalization※ 1. What is an Apostille? An Apostille is a certificate that authenticates the origin of a public document for use in another country. It is issued under the Hague Convention of 5 October 1961 Abolishing the Requirement of Legalization for Foreign Public Documents, commonly known as the Apostille Convention. With an Apostille certificate, public documents such as diplomas, transcripts, birth certificates, and notarial documents can be recognized as valid in other member countries without additional legalization. For more information, please refer to: https://www.hcch.net 2. In Which Countries Does the Apostille Convention Apply? The Apostille Convention applies only to countries that are members of the Convention. Applicants should check whether their country is a member of the Apostille Convention at the following website: https://www.hcch.net 3. What If the Apostille Convention Does Not Apply in My Country? If a public document was issued in a country that is not a party to the Apostille Convention, the applicant's academic documents must undergo consular legalization. This process requires: 1) Authentication by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the issuing country, and 2) Legalization by the Embassy or Consulate of the Republic of Korea in that country. 4. Where Can an Apostille Be Issued? Each country that is a party to the Apostille Convention designates one or more authorities authorized to issue Apostilles. These authorities are called Competent Authorities. Only these designated authorities are permitted to issue Apostille certificates. For the list of competent authorities by country, please refer to: https://www.hcch.net 5. How Much Does an Apostille Cost? Fees for issuing an Apostille certificate vary depending on the country and the competent authority. Applicants should check the applicable fees with the relevant authority in their country. 6. Do Documents from Private Schools Require Notarization? Yes. Documents issued by private schools or institutions must first receive notarial certification before an Apostille certificate can be issued. All documents must be written in English or Korean. If a document is written in another language, it must be translated into English or Korean and notarized before applying for an Apostille certificate. - 16 Ⅷ Important Notes Note 1 KAIST maintains a zero-tolerance policy regarding falsified or counterfeit documents . The university reserves the right to revoke an offer of admission, even after enrollment or graduation, if any submitted materials are found to be falsified. Applicants involved in fraudulent activities may be barred from reapplying for up to five years from the date of discovery. Note 2 Applicants are responsible for regularly checking the Admissions Office website for updates regarding their application status. Individual notifications will not be provided. Note 3 Applicants must ensure that their contact information is accurate before submitting the application. KAIST is not responsible for missed communications or any consequences resulting from incorrect contact information. Note 4 Once the application fee has been paid, applicants cannot change their admission track or receive a refund. Note 5 Applicants receiving financial support from external organizations (e.g., scholarships) must indicate this in the application and submit the relevant scholarship certificate(s). Note 6 All documents must be uploaded in PDF format, A4 size, and must be clear and legible. Note 7 Documents issued in languages other than English must be accompanied by an English translation. The translation must bear the seal of a recognized translation institution or notary office. Note 8 If the name on submitted documents differs from the name provided in the application, applicants must submit official documentation verifying their identity. Note 9 KAIST may request original documents or additional materials from applicants if necessary. Note 10 Applicants with incomplete forms, missing documents, or failure to follow the application procedures will not be considered. Note 11 Details of the evaluation process and scores will not be disclosed. Note 12 Admitted students are not permitted to defer enrollment. Students wishing to defer must reapply for admission. Dual enrollment is grounds for dismissal according to KAIST regulations. - 17 Ⅸ Application Fee Waiver Program The Application Fee Waiver Program is designed to enable exceptional individuals from one of the Least Developed Countries (according to the UN list of LDCs in 2024) to pursue their academic dreams at KAIST. This unique program is tailored for applicants seeking admission to our undergraduate programs, ensuring that financial constraints do not stand in the way of deserving candidates. 1. Eligibility Applicants must meet all of the following criteria:  Applicants applying to KAIST International Undergraduate Admissions track  Applicants who are nationals of one of the countries listed below and who have resided there since birth  Applicants with an exceptional academic standing, ranking within the top 5% of their grade. <UN List of Least Developed Countries (2024)> Africa (32) Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gambia, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Lesotho, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Niger, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Togo, Uganda, United Republic of Tanzania and Zambia Asia (8) Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Cambodia, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Myanmar, Nepal, Timor-Leste and Yemen Caribbean (1) Haiti Pacific (3) Kiribati, Solomon Islands and Tuvalu 2. Required Documents 1) Application Fee Waiver Request Form  Eligible applicants must apply for the fee waiver program through the KAIST application portal  A link to the request form will be provided on the KAIST admissions website. 2) Letter of Recommendation from the High School Principal*  The recommendation letter must be directly submitted directly by the principal through the provided link.  Once the request form is submitted, an automated email with instructions for submitting the recommendation letter will be sent to the recommender.  The letter should provide insight into the applicant's character and highlight their academic excellence. * The principal may also be referred to as Head of School, Headm aster, or School Director, depending on the school. ※ All required documents must be submitted in full and meet the eligibility and document submission requirements. Otherwise, the fee waiver request will not be considered. 3. Request Periods  2027 Early Track: August 25, 2026 ~ September 3, 2026  2027 Regular Track: October 6, 2026 ~ October 15, 2026 4. Results  Results will be announced through the application portal 2 3 days before the application period - for the selected track opens.  If the fee waiver request is not approved, applicants must pay the application fee. - 18 Appendix Essay Prompts (included in the Application Form) KAIST seeks to foster talent who possess a love of challenges, creativity, and a caring spirit. Please complete the Personal Statement with consideration of the above qualities. Q1. KAIST seeks to foster individuals with a questioning spirit. Write about a question you have in the field of STEM * that sets you apart from others, and describe the reason that inspired you to ask this question. *STEM: Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math, etc. (Note: This is not about evaluating the question itself but rather about assessing your attitude, curiosity, and challenging spirit toward the field of STEM. It is recommended to avoid content related to R&E activities and instead focus on sharing your personal story.) Write a question (within 300 characters, including spaces; portal system limit: 300 bytes) Describe the reason (within 1,600 characters, including spaces; portal system limit: 1,600 bytes) Q2. Please write the personal statement with a focus on what you learned from and felt during curricular and/or extracurricular activities (up to three) to which you attached meaning and devoted yourself in high school. (within 1,500 characters, including spaces; portal system limit: 1,500 bytes) Q3. Please cite any cases in which you thought and/or made attempts in ways different from those of others and describe how such ideas and/or attempts affected you and people around you. (within 1,500 characters, including spaces; portal system limit: 1,500 bytes) Q4. Please cite any cases in which you practiced consideration, sharing, cooperation, and/or conflict management and describe what you learned from and felt during the process(es). (within 1,500 characters, including spaces; portal system limit: 1,500 bytes) Q5. Please write if there is any other information you would like to tell us regarding your family/social background or difficulties you had to overcome in the past. (within 1,000 characters, including spaces; portal system limit: 1,000 bytes)