Skip to main content Resources for: Students Faculty Staff Parents Alumni Visitors Media Search Search 中文 Login All NYU Search Search About subsections Who We Are Vision, Values, and Mission Facts and Figures Leadership Our Faculty News and Publications Our Campus Contact Us Support Us Leadership quick links Work Here Commencement NYU Shanghai Foundation Compliance Reporting Line Campus Safety Environmental Health & Safety Policies and Guidelines 10th Anniversary Art Gallery Admissions subsections Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Visiting Students quick links Tuition and Fees Study Away in Shanghai Academics subsections Undergraduate Studies Academic Affairs Graduate Education Non-Degree Programs Summer Academy Academic Areas Office of the Registrar Science Laboratories Library Bills, Payments and Refunds quick links Our Faculty Academic Calendar Academic Resource Center Academic Advising Study Away in Shanghai Technology Services Interdisciplinary Colloquium Work Here Research subsections Research Homepage Research News Centers & Institutes Resources & Support Student Research quick links 10 Years of Research Research Highlights Funding Opportunities Our Faculty Research Events Research Agreements Human Subjects N.E.T. Program Programs and Groups Social and Behavioral Science Laboratory Student Affairs subsections Student Affairs Overview New Student Programs Residential Education & Housing Activities & Community Engagement Athletics and Fitness Center for Student Belonging Career Development Health and Wellness Community Standards & Resources quick links Community Standards Emergency Support Commencement Blogs Technology Services Student Reimbursement Main Menu Tree Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Connect with Us Visit Our Campus Join an Information Session Fall Events Meet the Team Join Our Mailing List How to Apply Early Decision Application Tips Additional Considerations for Chinese Heritage Applicants Cost and Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Applying for Financial Aid Returning Students Access Your Admissions Decision Admitted Students Your Financial Aid Offer Preparing for Your First Year Deferring Your Enrollment Admitted Student Weekend Graduate Admissions Application Deadlines Visiting Students Gateway Menu Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents Home Undergraduate Admissions It's Mooncake Time! Why apply to NYU Shanghai? Students who choose to enroll in NYU Shanghai become students at China's first-ever Sino-American joint-venture University. Our location in the heart of China's largest city and identity as an institution of higher education that is simultaneously American and Chinese positions our students to be successful in any discipline, anywhere in the world after graduation. At NYU Shanghai, you will: Gain a global perspective . Our rigorous liberal arts and sciences curricula prepares students to become creative leaders with global vision. Even as they immerse themselves in Chinese culture, language, and society, NYU Shanghai students will graduate with the same education, diploma and qualifications as those enrolled at the NYU campuses in New York City and Abu Dhabi. Participate in cross-cultural exchange on a daily basis. Half of all NYU Shanghai students are from across China, and the other half are from more than 70 countries around the world. Non-Chinese students are required to study Mandarin Chinese and achieve proficiency by the time they graduate. Explore new ideas with world-renowned faculty. With an 8-to-1 student-to-faculty ratio, NYU Shanghai students can attend classes that are small enough to promote free debate and enable deep discourse, and have many opportunities to serve as research assistants to NYU professors and conduct their own research. Enjoy unprecedented opportunities in China's most innovative and cosmopolitan city. Shanghai is home to exciting start-ups and some of the world's largest multinational corporations. Because of our location in the heart of Shanghai's international business district, students have easy access to internships in numerous industries. Join an expansive NYU network. As the largest private research university in the United States, NYU supports three global campuses-New York, Abu Dhabi, and Shanghai-and 13 study centers around the world. NYU Shanghai students can spend up two semesters abroad in any location in the network. Upon graduation, students become part of a global network of over 700,000 alumni. Facts and Figures 2000+ students 70+ countries represented 50/50 ratio of Chinese to international students 19 major courses of study Find Out More Our Curriculum Students complete a core curriculum in the liberal arts and sciences before choosing among 19 majors, as well as multidisciplinary minors and electives. Read more Global Network All students spend at least one semester studying abroad at one or more of NYU's 14 international locations, adding another perspective to their global education. Read more Living in Shanghai Our diverse student body-one half Chinese one half international-is designed to foster cross-cultural understanding in Shanghai, one of the world's most cosmopolitan cities. Read more Stories Isabel Adler '20 on Landing a Dream Job Isabel Adler '20 shares how taking advantage of great opportunities through internships and class projects helped lead her to a career in global partnerships at the National Basketball Association. ... Read more Rima Mehta '17 on a Career in Sustainability Since graduating, Mehta's career has taken her from the food and beverage industry to the retail sector, but always with a focus on sustainability. ... Read more Stanley Virgint '23 on Asking for What You Want Founder of Soar, a smart travel app startup, Stanley Virgint '23 finds himself flying off on adventures all around the world.... Read more Graduate Destinations Life Beyond the New Bund: Class of 2024 Life Beyond the New Bund: Class of 2023 Life Beyond Century Avenue: Class of 2022 Life Beyond Century Avenue: Class of 2021 Ready to Apply? US & International Chinese Citizens Undergraduate Admissions A strong academic record is critical for successful applicants, but our review process goes beyond test scores. Email: shanghai.admissions@nyu.edu New York City Office: +1-212-998-4500 Shanghai Office: +86-21-2059-5599 Financial Aid Every NYU Shanghai student, regardless of citizenship, is invited to apply for financial aid. Email: shanghai.financial.support@nyu.edu New York City Office: +1-212-998-2838 Find out more about Financial Aid Request More Information Sign up to receive more information Visit us in NYC or Shanghai See where our counsellors will be next Portal Campuses New York Shanghai Abu Dhabi Get in Touch Contact Us Campus Tour Jobs Quicklinks Students Accessibility Website Feedback Connect with NYU Shanghai New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . 沪ICP备15010846号-2 沪公网安备31011502017015号 © 2026 All rights reserved New York University Shanghai