Skip to main content Resources for: Students Faculty Staff Parents Alumni Visitors Media Search Search 中文 Login All NYU Search Search About subsections Who We Are Vision, Values, and Mission Facts and Figures Leadership Our Faculty News and Publications Our Campus Contact Us Support Us Leadership quick links Work Here Commencement NYU Shanghai Foundation Compliance Reporting Line Campus Safety Environmental Health & Safety Policies and Guidelines 10th Anniversary Art Gallery Admissions subsections Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Visiting Students quick links Tuition and Fees Study Away in Shanghai Academics subsections Undergraduate Studies Academic Affairs Graduate Education Non-Degree Programs Summer Academy Academic Areas Office of the Registrar Science Laboratories Library Bills, Payments and Refunds quick links Our Faculty Academic Calendar Academic Resource Center Academic Advising Study Away in Shanghai Technology Services Interdisciplinary Colloquium Work Here Research subsections Research Homepage Research News Centers & Institutes Resources & Support Student Research quick links 10 Years of Research Research Highlights Funding Opportunities Our Faculty Research Events Research Agreements Human Subjects N.E.T. Program Programs and Groups Social and Behavioral Science Laboratory Student Affairs subsections Student Affairs Overview New Student Programs Residential Education & Housing Activities & Community Engagement Athletics and Fitness Center for Student Belonging Career Development Health and Wellness Community Standards & Resources quick links Community Standards Emergency Support Commencement Blogs Technology Services Student Reimbursement Main Menu Tree Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Connect with Us Visit Our Campus Join an Information Session Fall Events Meet the Team Join Our Mailing List How to Apply Early Decision Application Tips Additional Considerations for Chinese Heritage Applicants Cost and Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Applying for Financial Aid Returning Students Access Your Admissions Decision Admitted Students Your Financial Aid Offer Preparing for Your First Year Deferring Your Enrollment Admitted Student Weekend Graduate Admissions Application Deadlines Visiting Students Gateway Menu Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents Home How to Apply Step 1: Start and Complete the Common Application Online The Common Application is required for students applying to any or all of NYU's three degree-granting campuses in Shanghai, New York, or Abu Dhabi. You'll be able to choose your campus(es) and program(s) of interest on the NYU Questions page of the Common Application. If NYU Shanghai is your first choice, select Shanghai as your Primary campus of interest. If Shanghai is your second or third choice, please select it as an alternate campus of interest. You'll need: Contact information for the counselor or other school representative who will complete your Common Application School Report and submit your official high school transcript. Contact information for one teacher (or two, maximum) who will complete the Teacher Evaluation form. Nonrefundable $85.00 application fee. Students who are unable to pay the application fee can request a fee waiver . Are you ready? Start the application now. Step 2: Gather and Submit Necessary Documents You will need to provide the following: Results from standardized tests and/or national exams The SAT Reasoning Test (essay test not required); or The ACT (writing test not required); or Three AP exam scores (one in literature or humanities, one in math or science, and one of your choosing); or The International Baccalaureate Diploma; or Results from a nationally accredited exam that is considered locally to signify the completion of secondary education, is administered independently of the student's school, and has been approved by the NYU Office of Undergraduate Admissions (the most up-to-date list of accepted examinations can be found here ) Results from English language testing are required for students whose native language is not English (unless they have been in a school where English is the sole language of instruction for 3 years prior to applying). Please review NYU's English Language Testing Requirements for Non-Native English Speakers before applying to ensure that you have completed the required testing by the application deadline. The Common Application School Report and official high school transcript One teacher evaluation (students may submit an optional second teacher evaluation, but please submit no more than two) The Common Application Mid-Year Report (This should show your first semester senior year grades. Have your counselor submit the report by March 1 through the Common Application.) The Common Application Final Report with final transcript, showing proof of graduation by August 1 (admitted students only) Please note that for the SAT, SAT Subject Test, AP, and TOEFL, the NYU code is 2562; for the ACT, the NYU code is 2838. SAT, SAT Subject, ACT, and AP scores must be final at the time of application. For other examinations, like IB or A-Levels, predicted results may be submitted at the time of application by a school official if final results are not yet available. Students who submit predicted results will need to submit final scores as soon as they become available. For a comprehensive list of standardized tests that can be submitted to fulfill the application requirements visit NYU Standardized Testing Policy . When should I apply? Follow the key dates and deadlines below. Learn more about early decision . Early Decision I - November 1 Early Decision II - January 1 Regular Decision - January 5 *The cut-off time for applications is 11:59 p.m EST. Sending Documents Submit original or certified copies only. A certified copy has an original signature of the registrar or other designated school official, or the institution's seal. Include an official English translation if the document isn't in English. A school official or a translation agency accredited in the country of the educational institution can issue the translation. NYU will only make exceptions for documents in Mandarin Chinese submitted to NYU Shanghai. Transcripts and test scores must come from an official source to be processed. Documents not submitted through the Common Application can be mailed to: New York University Office of Undergraduate Admissions 400 Lafayette Street New York, NY 10003 USA Or sent via email to: admissions.docs@nyu.edu Remember To ... Use your name exactly as it appears on your passport or birth certificate on your application and supporting documents. Portal Campuses New York Shanghai Abu Dhabi Get in Touch Contact Us Campus Tour Jobs Quicklinks Students Accessibility Website Feedback Connect with NYU Shanghai New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . 沪ICP备15010846号-2 沪公网安备31011502017015号 © 2026 All rights reserved New York University Shanghai