Skip to main content Resources for: Students Faculty Staff Parents Alumni Visitors Media Search Search 中文 Login All NYU Search Search About subsections Who We Are Vision, Values, and Mission Facts and Figures Leadership Our Faculty News and Publications Our Campus Contact Us Support Us Leadership quick links Work Here Commencement NYU Shanghai Foundation Compliance Reporting Line Campus Safety Environmental Health & Safety Policies and Guidelines 10th Anniversary Art Gallery Admissions subsections Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Visiting Students quick links Tuition and Fees Study Away in Shanghai Academics subsections Undergraduate Studies Academic Affairs Graduate Education Non-Degree Programs Summer Academy Academic Areas Office of the Registrar Science Laboratories Library Bills, Payments and Refunds quick links Our Faculty Academic Calendar Academic Resource Center Academic Advising Study Away in Shanghai Technology Services Interdisciplinary Colloquium Work Here Research subsections Research Homepage Research News Centers & Institutes Resources & Support Student Research quick links 10 Years of Research Research Highlights Funding Opportunities Our Faculty Research Events Research Agreements Human Subjects N.E.T. Program Programs and Groups Social and Behavioral Science Laboratory Student Affairs subsections Student Affairs Overview New Student Programs Residential Education & Housing Activities & Community Engagement Athletics and Fitness Center for Student Belonging Career Development Health and Wellness Community Standards & Resources quick links Community Standards Emergency Support Commencement Blogs Technology Services Student Reimbursement Main Menu Tree Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Connect with Us Visit Our Campus Join an Information Session Fall Events Meet the Team Join Our Mailing List How to Apply Early Decision Application Tips Additional Considerations for Chinese Heritage Applicants Cost and Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Applying for Financial Aid Returning Students Access Your Admissions Decision Admitted Students Your Financial Aid Offer Preparing for Your First Year Deferring Your Enrollment Admitted Student Weekend Graduate Admissions Application Deadlines Visiting Students Gateway Menu Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents Home Cost of Attendance NYU Shanghai Estimated Cost of Attendance for 2026-2027 The estimated cost of attendance in U.S. dollars for the 2026-2027 academic year is as follows: Direct Costs: Costs that you will be charged by the University Cost Tuition $68,576 Books and Supplies $1,330 Housing * $5,774 Student Health Insurance ** $5,140 Estimated Direct Costs $80,820 Indirect Costs: Other educational costs incurred Estimated Food $5,264 Estimated Personal (miscellaneous) $1,138 Estimated Travel $4,454 Estimated Indirect Costs $10,856 Estimated Total Cost of Attendance $91,676 * Housing costs vary by room type. You can view housing options and corresponding rates on the Jingyao Residence Hall webpage . ** Health insurance charges are subject to change depending on negotiations that will take place in late July. The preliminary cost of attendance represents the estimated annual cost of education for full-time undergraduate students at NYU Shanghai in US dollars for the academic year presented above. It includes tuition, food and housing (which may vary based on a student's housing selection), student health insurance, personal expenses, books, and estimated travel costs. Annual adjustments to the costs and fees at NYU Shanghai may be necessary and expected. The yearly tuition and residence costs include only full-time fall and spring enrollment (full-time enrollment is 12 credits or more per semester); course overloads incur additional tuition and book fees. Students who take summer session or J-term courses will incur additional direct and indirect expenses. Direct costs -such as tuition, books, housing, and student health insurance-are costs that will be charged by the university. In July the NYU Office of the Bursar will send you notification of your fall semester's bill and in December the spring semester's bill, which will include these direct charges. If you utilize financial aid you will see the anticipated aid for the semester deducted from the charges mentioned on your bursar bill each semester that you are enrolled. You will be responsible for any remaining balance due by the semester's bill due date. For your most current billing information you should log on to your bursar e-Suite portal . Indirect costs -such as estimated travel, food, supplies, and personal expenses-are costs that you may incur during the academic year, which will vary for each student. These indirect costs are not charged through NYU Shanghai but can be used as estimates for your planning purposes. You can anticipate incurring these costs during your academic year. Aid Renewal - Learn more about how your NYUSH aid will be renewed as a Returning Student, here . Outside Financial Support To help cover any remaining costs, we encourage students to look into external scholarship and grant opportunities. You can find a list of resources on our website . Just a quick reminder: these links lead to third-party sites, so while we provide them as a helpful resource, NYUSH doesn't control or endorse their specific content . If you do expect to receive financial support from a source outside of your family, please notify the Office of Financial Aid of that assistance. Such support may be in the form of government grants, scholarships from community organizations, or other sources. Any such financial support from an external source will be considered in determining the amount of financial aid you receive from NYU Shanghai. Your combined total awards (from NYUSH and external resources) cannot exceed the estimated annual Cost of Attendance. Students should contact our office at shanghai.financial.support@ nyu.edu if they have any questions. University Bill/Statement - For more information about bills, payments, and refunds, please contact: Office of the Bursar - NYU Shanghai Room E309 567 Yangsi W Rd, Pudong New Area, Shanghai Email: shanghai.studentaccounts@nyu.edu Phone: +86 21 20596666 Portal Campuses New York Shanghai Abu Dhabi Get in Touch Contact Us Campus Tour Jobs Quicklinks Students Accessibility Website Feedback Connect with NYU Shanghai New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . 沪ICP备15010846号-2 沪公网安备31011502017015号 © 2026 All rights reserved New York University Shanghai