Skip to main content Resources for: Students Faculty Staff Parents Alumni Visitors Media Search Search 中文 Login All NYU Search Search About subsections Who We Are Vision, Values, and Mission Facts and Figures Leadership Our Faculty News and Publications Our Campus Contact Us Support Us Leadership quick links Work Here Commencement NYU Shanghai Foundation Compliance Reporting Line Campus Safety Environmental Health & Safety Policies and Guidelines 10th Anniversary Art Gallery Admissions subsections Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Visiting Students quick links Tuition and Fees Study Away in Shanghai Academics subsections Undergraduate Studies Academic Affairs Graduate Education Non-Degree Programs Summer Academy Academic Areas Office of the Registrar Science Laboratories Library Bills, Payments and Refunds quick links Our Faculty Academic Calendar Academic Resource Center Academic Advising Study Away in Shanghai Technology Services Interdisciplinary Colloquium Work Here Research subsections Research Homepage Research News Centers & Institutes Resources & Support Student Research quick links 10 Years of Research Research Highlights Funding Opportunities Our Faculty Research Events Research Agreements Human Subjects N.E.T. Program Programs and Groups Social and Behavioral Science Laboratory Student Affairs subsections Student Affairs Overview New Student Programs Residential Education & Housing Activities & Community Engagement Athletics and Fitness Center for Student Belonging Career Development Health and Wellness Community Standards & Resources quick links Community Standards Emergency Support Commencement Blogs Technology Services Student Reimbursement Main Menu Tree Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Connect with Us Visit Our Campus Join an Information Session Fall Events Meet the Team Join Our Mailing List How to Apply Early Decision Application Tips Additional Considerations for Chinese Heritage Applicants Cost and Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Applying for Financial Aid Returning Students Access Your Admissions Decision Admitted Students Your Financial Aid Offer Preparing for Your First Year Deferring Your Enrollment Admitted Student Weekend Graduate Admissions Application Deadlines Visiting Students Gateway Menu Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents Home How to Apply for Financial Aid Students applying to NYU Shanghai from outside of China must follow the instructions below if they wish to be considered for institutional grant aid. The College Scholarship Service Profile (CSS Profile) The CSS Profile is required for all applicants who are U.S. or international citizens (non-Chinese nationals) who would like to be considered for institutional grants from NYU Shanghai. The CSS Profile must be filed by the appropriate deadline and students are only required apply once, before admission . Application deadlines are listed below under the First Year Applicants Financial Aid Deadline heading. The New York University CSS Profile school code number is 2785 . Applicants with divorced, separated, or unmarried parents will need to have both parents submit their own separate CSS Profile application online. Failure to submit an application/waiver request for your noncustodial parent directly to NYU will make you ineligible to be considered for institutional grants while you pursue your studies at NYU Shanghai. Please note that NYU Shanghai does not re-evaluate for institutional aid in subsequent years, as typically any institutional grant aid offered upon admission is renewed at the same amount during your time at NYU Shanghai. Under certain circumstances, NYU will consider waiving the CSS Profile for the noncustodial parent if the information cannot be obtained. In these instances, the Office of Financial Aid will require students and their families to submit the NYU waiver request and supporting documentation. It is important that you contact our office well in advance of your application deadline if you need additional guidance. Click here to complete the CSS Profile. Every October 1st, the CSS Profile becomes available for submission for the following academic year. The Fall 2026/Spring 2027 is the CSS Profile that we need if you are looking to start your studies in Fall 2026 (September 2026). The Profile will ask for 2024 income/salary information (that is, income earned between January 1, 2024 - December 31, 2024). The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) NYU Shanghai is approved by the U.S. Department of Education to provide federal financial aid to eligible students who are U.S. citizens or official permanent residents of the United States . Therefore, any U.S. citizens or official permanent resident applicants, who would like to be considered for federal financial aid, must submit the FAFSA in addition to the CSS Profile. The FAFSA application should be completed online on the Federal Student Aid website, here . You must list New York University as a recipient and include our federal school code number ( 002785 ) when completing your FAFSA. The 2026-2027 FAFSA should become available on October 1, 2025. This is the FAFSA for students looking to start their studies in Fall 2026 (September 2026) and will ask for 2024 income/salary information (that is income earned between January 1, 2024 - December 31, 2024). First Year Applicants Financial Aid Deadline By 11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time Early Decision I Early Decision II Regular Decision CSS Profile and FAFSA (for U.S. eligible applicants) November 10 January 10 February 1 CSS Profile for noncustodial parent (if applicable) November 10 January 10 February 1 Estimated Notification Mid-December Mid-February April Types of U.S. Federal Financial Aid If you submit a FAFSA you may be eligible for the Federal Pell Grant and Federal Direct Loans. You may choose to accept or decline the Federal Direct Loans that are offered to you. More information about interest rates and other loan details will be provided via your To Do List within NYU Albert, and you can visit here for more information. Additional information on how to secure the loans, if you decide to accept them, can be found here under the Shanghai Campus tab. Supporting Financial Documentation You do not need to submit any financial documents to our office at this time. If we need documentation to verify the information reported on your application(s), we will email you that request directly to your NYU email address as well as list the requirements on your To Do List (via NYU Albert). Verification/Document Request CSS Profile and FAFSA Verification information can be found on this website . Portal Campuses New York Shanghai Abu Dhabi Get in Touch Contact Us Campus Tour Jobs Quicklinks Students Accessibility Website Feedback Connect with NYU Shanghai New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . 沪ICP备15010846号-2 沪公网安备31011502017015号 © 2026 All rights reserved New York University Shanghai