Go to main content | Go to main menu | Go to search Search ... Search ... English Čeština Українська Čeština Українська Study at MU Bachelor and Master studies Choose a programme How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Deadlines Contacts Other possibilities Ph.D. studies Exchange programmes Semester programmes EDUC Alliance Summer and Winter Schools Czech Compatriots Abroad Language courses Lifelong University 10 reasons why you will fall in love with MU Ask our ambassador Research Research at MU Our research Research news Our research achievements Our equipment MU International Scientific Advisory Board Publications and Projects Publications Projects Munipress publisher Academic qualifications Habilitation procedure at MU Professorship procedure at MU Read about research at MU About us About us Who are we Official notice board Career at MU Partnership Services Contacts Contacts Organizational structure MU official bodies MU Map News Events calendar News from MU Media relations Our mission Ethical principles Protection of rights Sustainability Strategic projects Gender equality Help for Ukraine Students Employees Alumni Bachelor's and Master's studies Why MU Choose a programme How to apply Tuition fees and financial aid Contact You are here: Home Bachelor's and Master's studies How to apply How to apply Application deadlines The academic year at MU starts in September and it consists of two semesters: autumn and spring semester. Some faculties allow students also starting studying in February (spring semester). Application deadlines differ faculty from faculty: Faculty of Medicine 31 July Faculty of Science 28 February Faculty of Arts September intake: 30 April February intake: 30 September Faculty of Education BA: 31 March MA: 31 March Faculty of Pharmacy 1 December-31 July (for EU residents) 1 December-31 May (for non-EU residents) Faculty of Economics and Administration September intake: 30 April February intake: 31 October Faculty of Informatics September intake: 30 April February intake: 30 October Faculty of Social Studies September intake: 15 May February intake: 31 October Admission requirements at MU faculties Faculty of Medicine Application deadline Submit your application during this period: for exams via representatives: 2 January - 31 July How to apply For detailed information on application process, please see the faculty website . Dentistry (l ong-cycle master's degree programme) General Medicine (l ong-cycle master's degree programme) Admission requirements Applicants are admitted on the basis of a written entrance examination which consists of: separate tests of chemistry, biology, and physics The entrance examination topics, for the individual subjects as well as sample tests are available at the faculty website. For detailed information on admission requirements and entrance exam dates, please see the faculty website . Preparatory courses The Faculty of Medicine offers specialized preparatory courses designed for students who wish to study General Medicine or Dentistry in English. The programmes are focused on acquiring the secondary school skills and knowledge of chemistry, biology, physics and Czech language essential for the success at the entrance examination and the first-year studies E-Learning Preparatory Courses Intensive Czech Language Course Foundation Programme Any questions? Write at admission@med.muni.cz Faculty of Science 1. Bachelor's programmes Application deadline Submit your application during this period: 1 November-28 February How to apply: The admission procedure is designed differently in both programmes. Please find more details on the faculty website . Biology and Biochemistry Data Analytics 2. Follow-up master's programmes Application deadline Submit your application during this period: 1 November-28 February How to apply: Applicants are admitted on the basis of a two-round admission process, the second part of which is always an online interview. Further details can be found on the faculty website . Molecular and Cell Biology Geography of Global Environmental Change Biochemical and Cellular Technologies Any questions? Write at admission@sci.muni.cz . Faculty of Arts 1. Bachelor's programmes Application deadline Submit your application during this period: 1 December- 30 April How to apply For detailed information on the application process, please see the faculty website . Admission requirements The result of the admission process depends on the quality of the provided documents: statement of purpose in English a document demonstrating English-language skills transcript of secondary school studies secondary school certificate ID or passport copy some study fields require also an essay or recommendation letters Applications will be reviewed by the admission committee and students who pass the first round will be invited for an online interview. Further details can be found on the faculty website . Any questions? Write at admission@phil.muni.cz . 2. Follow-up master's programmes Application deadline Submit your application during this period: September intake: 1 December-30 April February intake: 1 June-30 September How to apply For detailed information on the application process, please see the faculty website . Admission requirements The result of the admission process depends on the quality of the provided documents. statement of purpose in English a document demonstrating English-language skills copy of the applicant's Bachelor's thesis or its equivalent or the applicant's original academic paper transcript of university/college studies and Bachelor´s diploma ID or passport copy some study fields also require a CV, recommendation letters, or a document demonstrating French or Spanish language skills Applications will be reviewed by the admission committee, and students who pass the first round will be invited for an online interview. Further details can be found on the faculty website . Any questions? Write at admission@phil.muni.cz . Faculty of Education Application deadline Bachelor's programme: 1 October- 31 March Master's programme: 1 October- 31 March How to apply For detailed information on application process, please see the faculty website . Admission requirements Applicants are admitted on the basis of a comprehensive evaluation of the applicant's motivation and language skills. Applicants are asked to submit: CV cover letter certificate of proficiency in English a document certifying completion of secondary education/bachelor's programme online interview For detailed information on admission requirements, please see the faculty website . Any questions? Write at admission@ped.muni.cz . Faculty of Pharmacy Application deadline 1 December-31 May (for non-EU residents) 1 December-31 July (for EU residents) How to apply For detailed information on application process, please see the faculty website . Admission requirements The application consists of the following documents: a Curriculum Vitae (CV) in English verified copy of High School Leaving Certificate with the original Apostille/Superlegalization. All applicants need to pass entrance exams consisting of the test from biology and chemistry. Entrance exams: the examination consists of written test in biology and chemistry, 40 questions from biology and 40 questions from chemistry on secondary school level, successful applicant must obtain at least 40 points altogether from the test sample questions can be found here test is done online Any questions? Write at admission@pharm.muni.cz . Faculty of Economics and Administration Application deadline Submit your application during this period: September intake: 15 December - 30 April February intake: 15 June - 31 October How to apply For detailed information on the application process, please visit: Application requirements for bachelor's studies in English Application requirements for follow-up master's studies in English 1. Bachelor's programmes Admission decisions are made by the Dean of the faculty based on recommendations from the admission commission. The commission evaluates: documented language competence previous study results sufficient knowledge of the field, assessed through the applicant's submitted essay and, if applicable, an interview information provided in the statement of purpose Further details are available on the faculty website . 2. Follow-up master's programmes Admission requirements for follow-up master's studies Admission decisions are made by the Dean of the faculty based on recommendations from the admission commission. The commission evaluates: documented English language proficiency documented academic competence previous study results data provided in the applicant's CV Detailed information can be found at the faculty website . Any questions? Email us at admission@econ.muni.cz . Faculty of Informatics Application deadline Submit your application during this period: September intake: 15 December -30 April February intake: 15 June -30 October How to apply For detailed information on the application process, please see the faculty website . Admission requirements Applicants must submit the following documents: Completed online application. Curriculum Vitae Diploma or statement of expected graduation (at least) of the Bachelor degree from an accredited university. Diploma Supplement/Transcript of records List of selected computer science/maths courses (with detailed descriptions/syllabuses), use this form . Proof of English language level at least at B2 level proved by accepted below-mentioned certificate. Motivation letter (related to the programme of choice). Essay (related to the programme of choice). Own academic work/publication (e.g. bachelor, diploma thesis, publication). Copy of passport. Two references on the official headed paper, one of which should be an academic reference Applicants must successfully pass entrance exams or they have to fulfil the criteria for an entrance exam waiver. Further details can be found at the faculty website . Any questions? Write at admission@fi.muni.cz Faculty of Social Studies 1. Bachelor's programmes Application deadline Submit your application during this period: September intake: 1 November-15 May February intake: 1 July-31 October How to apply For detailed information on the application process, please see the faculty website . Admission requirements Applicants must submit the following documents: e-application secondary school certificate or proof of current studies B2 English certificate ID or passport copy International Relations and European Politics: + motivation letter and transcript of records Students must also take an entrance exam or are invited to an online interview based on the programme. Students sign up for the exam as part of the e-application process. More information about the exam can be found here and here . Any questions? Write at admission@fss.muni.cz . 2. Follow-up master's programmes Application deadline Submit your application during this period: September intake: 1 November-15 May February intake: 1 July-31 October How to apply For detailed information on application process, please see the faculty website . Admission requirements Applicants must submit following documents: diploma (or confirmation of current studies) official English certificate (minimum B2 level) ID or passport CV (for select MA programmes) motivation letter/statement of purpose(for select MA programmes) full transcript (for select MA programmes) one recommendation letter (for select MA programmes) essay (for select MA programmes) Applications will be reviewed by the admission committee and students who pass the first round will be invited for a skype interview (International Relations and European Politics and Energy Policy Studies MA programs). Students applying for other MA programs take an entrance exam organized by SCIO. Further details can be found here . Any questions? Write at admission@fss.muni.cz . The application is submitted electronically . This allows you to track your application 's status throughout the entire process. Apply now Documents to be submitted Applicants for study in Bachelor's and Master's degree programmes must prove they completed secondary education with a school-leaving examination. In case you completed Czech secondary education , you shall submit the school-leaving certificate; this is usually required on enrolment (see below). You will be informed by the faculty in time. In case you completed secondary education abroad , you will have to prove its completion, too. More information is to be found here . Applicants for study in follow-up Master's degree programmes must prove they completed higher education in the Bachelor's, Master's or doctoral degree programme. In case you completed Czech higher education , you shall submit the diploma from the higher education institution; this is usually required on enrolment (see below). You will be informed by the faculty in time. In case you completed higher education abroad , you will have to prove its completion, too. More information is to be found here . You might want to know about: Visa and insurance Tuition fees and financial aid Language courses International Student Guide Back to admissions Admissions Bachelor's and Master's studies Ph.D. studies Exchange programmes Semester programmes Summer and Winter Schools E-application Studying at MUNI Research Our research Research news Research achievements Research topics Our equipment Publications Projects Habilitation procedure at MU Professorship procedure at MU About us Official notice board Careers About us Partnership Services Contacts Directories Organizational structure MU Official bodies Libraries and publications Contact and orientation News Event calendar News from MU Media relations MU news portal IS MU INET MU MU Portal MU Shopping center Munishop © 2026 Masaryk University Webmaster Accessibility statement Cookies Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn e-mail You are running an old browser version. We recommend updating your browser to its latest version. More info Close