Go to main content | Go to main menu | Go to search Search ... Search ... English Čeština Українська Čeština Українська Study at MU Bachelor and Master studies Choose a programme How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Deadlines Contacts Other possibilities Ph.D. studies Exchange programmes Semester programmes EDUC Alliance Summer and Winter Schools Czech Compatriots Abroad Language courses Lifelong University 10 reasons why you will fall in love with MU Ask our ambassador Research Research at MU Our research Research news Our research achievements Our equipment MU International Scientific Advisory Board Publications and Projects Publications Projects Munipress publisher Academic qualifications Habilitation procedure at MU Professorship procedure at MU Read about research at MU About us About us Who are we Official notice board Career at MU Partnership Services Contacts Contacts Organizational structure MU official bodies MU Map News Events calendar News from MU Media relations Our mission Ethical principles Protection of rights Sustainability Strategic projects Gender equality Help for Ukraine Students Employees Alumni Bachelor's and Master's studies Why MU Choose a programme How to apply Tuition fees and financial aid Contact You are here: Home Bachelor's and Master's studies Tuition fees and financial aid Tuition fees and financial aid A university degree is one of the most valuable investments you can make on your way to a promising career and future. Masaryk University provides excellent education in the form of Bachelor's and Master's programmes taught both in English and in Czech. Tuition fees for degree programmes taught in English Tuition fees are paid per academic year and vary depending on the faculty and the degree programme. See also the Study-related fees table on the Official notice board. At some faculties, the fees are paid in CZK. Faculty of Medicine 380,000 CZK (General Medicine) 400,000 CZK (Dentistry) 150,000 CZK (Specialist for Clinical Embryology and Assisted Reproduction Technology) Faculty of Science 3,000 EUR (programmes unlisted below) 4,500 EUR (Geography of Global Environmental Change) 14,000 EUR (Data Analytics) Faculty of Arts 76,000 CZK ( all Bachelor's programmes; follow-up Master's: English Language and Literature; North-American Culture Studies) 38,000 CZK (Medieval Latin Language and Literature) 19,000 CZK (Visual Cultures and Art History) Faculty of Education 68 000 CZK Faculty of Pharmacy 7,500 EUR Faculty of Economics and Administration 100,000 CZK (Economics and Public Policy; Public Administration) 120,000 CZK (others; see Scholarship offer for Applied Health Economics ) Faculty of Informatics 4,500 EUR Faculty of Social Studies 3,000 EUR (studies starting in Sep 2026) 3,500 EUR (studies starting in Feb 2027) Paying tuition fees online: International students outside of the EU who wish to pay tuition fees in euros or in their local currency can use the Convera Platform . The Convera platform allows students to pay fees via bank transfer, credit card, or by using local online payment options and more without incurring any international transactions charges. Financial aid 1. Scholarships provided by individual faculties Apart from the Accommodation grant provided by Masaryk University, you can apply for other financial aid organised specifically by your faculty. Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Social Studies Faculty of Arts Faculty of Economics and Administration Faculty of Informatics 2. Accommodation scholarship Masaryk University provides a financial grant to help students offset their accommodation costs. It is awarded each semester to students who meet all the required criteria. Read through the criteria below to see if you qualify: You are enrolled in a full-time degree programme You are enrolled in a degree programme which is your first degree programme at any university in the Czech Republic with the exception of being enrolled in your first follow-up Master's degree programme (relevant to graduates of Bachelor's degree programmes) or your first doctoral degree programme (relevant to graduates of Master's degree programmes); furthermore, studies in degree programmes which you may have enrolled in and completed between May 1 and October 30 of one calendar year are not taken into account. You have not exceeded the standard length of studies in any of the degree programmes in which you are concurrently enrolled. You do not have a permanent address within the Statutory City of Brno (Brno City district). If you fulfil all the above criteria, you can submit an application electronically through our Information System any time in November for the fall semester and in April for the spring semester. For more information, please contact the Office for International Relations at your faculty. 3. Government scholarship The Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport of the Czech Republic annually offers scholarships designed for university students or graduates and Ph.D. candidates from other countries who wish to accomplish a study or research stay at one of the higher education institutions in the Czech Republic. For more information about the scholarship, please visit the Ministry website . 4. Scholarships programmes for students from Ukraine In response to the alarming situation in Ukraine, Masaryk University ( MU) in cooperation with the Ministry of Education, Youth, and Sports launched scholarship programmes for students from Ukraine. Please find more details about the scholarship programme here . 5. Federal student aid for students from the USA Masaryk University is eligible to certify loan applications for the Federal Direct Student Loan Program and is open to accept US students. It is possible to apply for Federal Student Aid (FSA) in all study programs offered by Masaryk University except joint degree programmes, lifelong learning programmes and Nursing study programme. Please note MU is only certified for Federal Direct Loan program and, therefore does not offer other types of FSA including Federal Pell Grants. For more information please visit https://studentaid.gov/ and our webpage on muni.cz . 6. Erasmus+ Master loans 7. International Visegrad Fund 8. Scholarships within international mobility programmes If you are an Exchange student and plan on staying at Masaryk University for just a short period, you might be able to qualify for the financial support provided by a specific exchange programme. To see the whole selection, please visit our Centre for International Office website . Programmes taught in Czech Whereas students in programmes taught in English are charged very affordable fees, programmes taught in Czech are completely tuition free , but a serious working knowledge of Czech is required. If you are interested in studying in Czech or would like to improve your command of the language, you might consider registering in a preliminary language course one year prior to your enrolment at Masaryk University. This intensive course will help you prepare for studying one of the 300 fields of study taught in Czech. Admissions Bachelor's and Master's studies Ph.D. studies Exchange programmes Semester programmes Summer and Winter Schools E-application Studying at MUNI Research Our research Research news Research achievements Research topics Our equipment Publications Projects Habilitation procedure at MU Professorship procedure at MU About us Official notice board Careers About us Partnership Services Contacts Directories Organizational structure MU Official bodies Libraries and publications Contact and orientation News Event calendar News from MU Media relations MU news portal IS MU INET MU MU Portal MU Shopping center Munishop © 2026 Masaryk University Webmaster Accessibility statement Cookies Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn e-mail You are running an old browser version. We recommend updating your browser to its latest version. More info Close