Go to main content | Go to main menu | Go to search Search ... Search ... English Čeština Українська Čeština Українська Study at MU Bachelor and Master studies Choose a programme How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Deadlines Contacts Other possibilities Ph.D. studies Exchange programmes Semester programmes EDUC Alliance Summer and Winter Schools Czech Compatriots Abroad Language courses Lifelong University 10 reasons why you will fall in love with MU Ask our ambassador Research Research at MU Our research Research news Our research achievements Our equipment MU International Scientific Advisory Board Publications and Projects Publications Projects Munipress publisher Academic qualifications Habilitation procedure at MU Professorship procedure at MU Read about research at MU About us About us Who are we Official notice board Career at MU Partnership Services Contacts Contacts Organizational structure MU official bodies MU Map News Events calendar News from MU Media relations Our mission Ethical principles Protection of rights Sustainability Strategic projects Gender equality Help for Ukraine Students Employees Alumni You are here: Home Students EVERYDAY STUDY Scholarships Scholarships and bursaries Students of Masaryk University may apply for scholarships and bursaries, generally within the framework of scholarship and bursary programmes organized by individual faculties. The MU Scholarship and Bursary Regulations grants individual faculties (and other units at MU) the power to organize scholarship and bursary programmes in order to support students' study-related activities; such activities must be in agreement with the general objectives of the faculty as well as of Masaryk University as a whole. Faculties and other units specify the criteria for awarding individual scholarships. Account number I f a student is interested in applying for a scholarship anywhere at MU, it is essential that he/she provide a functional bank account number so that scholarship payments may be made to that account. The bank account must be kept with banks in the Czech Republic and in the Czech currency. The account number must be entered in the Personal Administration section of the Information System . Questions related to the topic I need to arrange accomodation in Brno, can I get financial support? What are the conditions for payment of a social scholarship? I am in a particularly difficult life situation, what can I do? Which activities does the Rector's Scholarship Program cover? I am going to study abroad, what scholarship options do I have? What about scholarship for Ukrainian students? Admissions Bachelor's and Master's studies Ph.D. studies Exchange programmes Semester programmes Summer and Winter Schools E-application Studying at MUNI Research Our research Research news Research achievements Research topics Our equipment Publications Projects Habilitation procedure at MU Professorship procedure at MU About us Official notice board Careers About us Partnership Services Contacts Directories Organizational structure MU Official bodies Libraries and publications Contact and orientation News Event calendar News from MU Media relations MU news portal IS MU INET MU MU Portal MU Shopping center Munishop © 2026 Masaryk University Webmaster Accessibility statement Cookies Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn e-mail You are running an old browser version. We recommend updating your browser to its latest version. More info Close