UK China Malaysia Main Menu Study About Research Business News Visit A-Z Search You are here: University of Nottingham Study with us International students Scholarships, funding and finance Tuition fees Tuition fees Home Online study Book a call Why study with us? Student experience Study sustainability International students Country-specific information Scholarships, funding and finance Hong Kong Alumni Scholarship International scholarships Undergraduate scholarships Masters scholarships Research scholarships Undergraduate excellence scholarships International Postgraduate Masters Scholarship Sports scholarships USA student loans and federal aid Canada student loans Scholarships FAQ Scholarship application guidance notes Terms and Conditions External scholarships Tuition fees Banking and money English language Accommodation Why study in the UK? International student life Help with your visa Working in the UK Spend part of your degree here Preparing for Nottingham International Information Webinars Contact or meet us Visiting us What next? Frequently asked questions Make an enquiry Print Email this Page Tuition fees by study level can be found on our fees and finance webpages . Please check the year of study to ensure you have the correct information. Paying your fees Once you have accepted your offer to study at Nottingham, you will be able to access the online payment section of your student or applicant portal . Here, you can pay your tuition fees by bank transfer or credit/debit card. Payment options If you are applying for a Tier 4 visa, tuition fee payments should be included on your CAS. If you make a payment after receiving your CAS, you will receive an automated email to confirm that your CAS has been updated with fee payments and we advise you to wait for this confirmation before applying for your Tier 4 visa application. Visa guidance Sponsored students If you have an official sponsor such as an overseas government, business, charity or trust, you must upload your sponsorship letter to your NottinghamHUB. We will then issue tuition fee invoices to your sponsor. The sponsorship letter must confirm that your sponsor agrees to pay your tuition fees for the full duration of your academic programme. If your sponsor issues revised sponsorship letters on an annual basis, it is your responsibility to ensure that updated letters are submitted prior to the start of each academic year. Visiting/exchange students If you are spending one or two semesters at Nottingham, whether or not you pay fees - and how much - will depend on the programme you are taking part in. For details, see our exchange and study abroad information . Managing your money Working in the UK International Student Recruitment C Floor, YANG Fujia Building Jubilee Campus, Wollaton Road Nottingham, NG8 1BB, UK +44 (0) 115 951 5247 Contact us by email Legal information Copyright Terms and conditions Privacy Posting rules Accessibility Freedom of information Charity gateway Cookie policy Cookie Settings Get social Connect with the University of Nottingham through social media. Campus maps | More contact information | Jobs