UK China Malaysia Main Menu Study About Research Business News Visit A-Z Search the website You are here: University of Nottingham Study with us What next? How to apply Study with us Print Home Online study Book a call Why study with us? Student experience Study sustainability International students Visiting us What next? How to apply Fees and funding Frequently asked questions Make an enquiry How to apply Take your first step into a world where the exceptional happens. Find out how to apply to study at the University of Nottingham. Browse our courses Undergraduate applications Applications for full-time undergraduate courses should be made through UCAS. Full guidance on all aspects of applying to study with us are available on our applying pages. There is a different process for part-time study and foundation courses. Undergraduate applications Foundation course applications Postgraduate applications How to apply for a postgraduate course depends on whether you would like to study a taught or research course. You can apply for postgraduate taught courses through our online application system. Applications for research courses usually require a detailed research proposal as part of the application process. Applying for a taught course Applying for a research course International students Applications from international students should also be made following the above processes. Your school, an agent, or your local British Council may be able to help you with the UCAS application process for undergraduate courses. We accept academic qualifications from schools, colleges and universities around the world. Qualifications by country English language requirements If English isn't your first language and you haven't previously studied in an English-speaking country, you may need to provide evidence of your English language skills as part of your application. You can meet this requirement by: taking a recognised English language test, such as the IELTs. successfully completing an English language course through our Centre for English Language Education (CELE) before starting your degree The required IELTS score will depend on which course you wish to study. Please see undergraduate course pages and postgraduate course pages for details. You might also like... Courses Fees and funding Contensis.Framework.Web.JavaScriptManager University of Nottingham University Park Nottingham, NG7 2RD telephone: +44 (0) 115 951 5151 fax: +44 (0) 115 951 3666 email: Contact us Legal information Copyright Terms and conditions Privacy Posting rules Accessibility Freedom of information Charity gateway Cookie policy Cookie Settings Get social Connect with the University of Nottingham through social media. Campus maps | More contact information | Jobs