Careers Business Equipment Directory Business Development Procurement & Contracts Library Faculty directory Alumni Open Data Login Apply now Login KU Connect (KU Portal) KUbee AI Assistant Webmail (Office 365) Webmail Banner Student Registration Banner E-Learn ServiceHub OneHub ADERP Oracle Fusion MFA Self-Service Students Future Students Prospective Bachelors Prospective Masters & PhD Parents Sponsors Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Postgraduate Admissions Scholarships Academics Colleges College of Engineering and Physical Sciences College of Computing and Mathematical Sciences College of Medicine And Health Sciences Academic Calendar Library General Education Unit Center for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Cyber Security Academy Programs Undergraduate Postgraduate Minors Accreditation Body Museum Zayed Military University BSc in Computer Science program Khazna - Institutional Repository KU CELS Research Office Research Overview Research Offices R&D Facilities Research Centers Technology, Management & Innovation Research Groups & Labs Student Life Campus Life Work Study Student Council Clubs and Association Student Events & Programs Getting Around Resident Life Career And Alumni Services Student Success International Student Services and Study Abroad News & Events Events Calendar News Press Kit Brand Guidelines Newsletters and Publications Hosted Conferences Outreach About Leadership Achievements & Rankings Provost Office Campus Research & Development Office Ethics & Compliance Living in Abu Dhabi FAQs Strategic Partnerships Environment Health and Safety Campus Sustainability Organizational Chart ISO Certificates Risk Management @ KU Login KU Connect (KU Portal) KUbee AI Assistant Webmail (Office 365) Webmail Banner Student Registration Banner E-Learn ServiceHub OneHub ADERP Oracle Fusion MFA Self-Service Students Future Students Prospective Bachelors Prospective Masters & PhD Parents Sponsors Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Postgraduate Admissions Scholarships Academics Colleges College of Engineering and Physical Sciences College of Computing and Mathematical Sciences College of Medicine And Health Sciences Programs Undergraduate Postgraduate Zayed Military University BSc in Computer Science program Khazna - Institutional Repository Academic Calendar LIBRARY General Education Unit Center for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Cyber Security Academy Accreditation Body Museum Research Office University Research Council Research Offices R&D Facilities Research Centers Technology, Management & Innovation Research Groups & Labs Student Life Campus Life Work Study Student Council Clubs & Associations Student Events & Programs Getting Around Resident Life Career And Alumni Services Student Success News & Events Events News Press Kit Brand Guidelines Newsletters and Publications Hosted Conferences Outreach About Us History Achievements & Rankings Leadership Campus Provost Office Ethics & Compliance Research & Development Office FAQs Living in Abu Dhabi Strategic Partnerships Environment heath and safety campus Sustainability ISO Certificates Careers Library Apply Now Faculty directory Alumni Open Data Business Equipment Directory Business Development Procurement & Contracts Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Postgraduate Scholarships Fee & Payment FAQs Contact Us Undergraduate admissions for Fall 2026 are closed. How to apply Step 1 : Select the program you want to study at ku Undergraduate programs Read more Step 2 : Know the application timeline and deadlines Stay tuned for the Fall 2027 application timeline Step 3 : Review the admission requirements High School Requirements General Eligibility Requirement Description Graduation Timeline Applicants must have graduated from high school within the last two years. For this admission cycle (i.e., not before 2024). Grade Completion Successful completion of Grade 12 or equivalent under a recognized curriculum. High School Equivalency An Equivalency certificate is mandatory for all private schools within the UAE, as well as for international schooling systems. Admission Nature Admissions to the university is competitive, and meeting the minimum eligibility criteria does not guarantee final admission. Final decisions are based on the selected program and the availability of seats. High School System / Curriculum (Grade 12) Admissions Requirements and Required Subjects (Grade 12) UAE General Secondary School and Applied Technology • Applicants must complete Mathematics as a mandatory subject, along with one science subject (Physics, Biology, or Chemistry) * . • Applicants must achieve a minimum score of 80% for the Advanced and Elite streams, or 90% for the General stream, in the above-mentioned subjects. American High School Diploma, SABIS, Indian (CBSE) and Pakistani Boards • Applicants must complete Mathematics as a mandatory subject, along with one science subject (Physics, Biology, or Chemistry) *. • Applicants must achieve a minimum of 80% in the final grade (Grade 12) in the above-mentioned subjects. British (IGCSE, GCSE, GCE) • A total of 8 subjects, as follows: • Minimum five IGCSE/GCSE (O-Level) subjects with grade C or above. AS Level (Year 12 / Grade 11) • Applicants with 3 AS Level subjects may be considered. OR A Level (Year 13 / Grade 12) • Applicants with 3 A Level subjects may be considered. • Applicants with a combination of AS Level and A Level subjects (minimum total of 3 subjects) may also be considered. Accepted Science Subjects, 3 different subjects in (AS/A) • Mathematics (Mandatory) (minimum Grade C) • Two of the following: Physics, Chemistry, and/or Biology (minimum Grade C) • Arabic and Islamic Studies are excluded from approved subjects International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) *Applicants must be awarded the full IB Diploma with six HL/SL subjects (excluding Islamic Education) *Minimum score of 4 in each subject - with a total of 24 points. *Applicants must complete Mathematics as a mandatory subject, along with one science subject (Physics, Biology, or Chemistry) *. *All subjects must be within the approved lists of the International Baccalaureate Organization. Russian or equivalent *Applicants must complete Mathematics as a mandatory subject, along with one science subject (Physics, Biology, or Chemistry) * in the final year (grade 11). *Applicants must achieve a minimum score of 4.0 in the final year (grade 11). French Baccalaureate *Applicants must complete Mathematics as a mandatory subject, along with one science subject (Physics, Biology, or Chemistry) * *Applicants must achieve a minimum score of 14 in the final grade (Grade 12) in the above-mentioned subjects Other Not Listed Conditions apply according to the admission's policy set by Khalifa University. * (Physics, Biology, or Chemistry) depending on the program you are applying to. More details can be found in the Program Requirements table in the next section: Eligible to Apply: Applicants must have graduated from high school no later than two years before the current year (i.e., not before 2023). General Secondary School: Applicants should have successfully completed Grade 12. Applicants must submit an attested certificate issued by the UAE Ministry of Education. American Curriculum or its equivalent: Applicants should have successfully completed Grade 12. Applicants must complete Two Science subjects in Grade 12: Mathematics, and one additional Science subject. The certificate must be recognized, and applicants must submit an equivalency certificate issued by the UAE Ministry of Education. British Curriculum (IGCSE, GCSE, GCE): Applicants should have successfully completed grade 12 (year 13). To demonstrate successful completion of grade 12 (year 13), must provide: Advanced Level or Advanced Subsidiary Level certificate Complete a total of Three subjects from AS or A-levels, which can be any combination of Three AS or Three A-levels, or a mix of both. The subjects must include Math, and one additional Science subject. The subjects must not be repeated, with each subject passed with a minimum grade of C or higher GCSE/IGCSE (O-Level) certificate Complete five approved GCSE or IGCSE subjects with a minimum grade of C or better Arabic and Islamic Studies are not included in the approved subjects The certificate must be recognized, and applicants must submit an equivalency certificate issued by the UAE Ministry of Education. International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB): Applicants should have successfully completed grade 12 by completing IB Diploma. To demonstrate successful completion of IB Diploma, must provide: Complete six HL/SL subjects with a minimum grade of 4 in each subject and an overall grade of no less than 24 . These subjects should include English Language, Mathematics, and one additional Science subject, and cannot include Islamic Studies. All subjects must be within the approved lists of the International Baccalaureate Organization. IB Diploma transcript The certificate must be recognized, and applicants must submit an equivalency certificate issued by the UAE Ministry of Education. Programs Requirements Degree Program High School Science Subjects Mathematics Physics Chemistry Biology Aerospace Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Biomedical Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Chemical Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Civil Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Computer Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Electrical Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Energy Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Mechanical Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Petroleum Engineering ✔ ✔ X X Earth and Planetary Sciences ✔ ✔ X X Physics ✔ ✔ X X Engineering Systems and Management ✔ ✔ X X Robotics and Artificial Intelligence ✔ ✔ X X Applied Mathematics, Statistics, and Data Science ✔ ✔ X X Chemistry ✔ X ✔ X Cell and Molecular Biology ✔ X O O Computer Science * ✔ O O O ✔ Required subject X Not Required * One of the science subjects marked with ( O ) Additional Requirements: Mandatory English Proficiency Test Score IELTS Academic 6.0 OR TOEFL iBT 79 Preferable Test (Strengthens Application) Score Math SAT 700 AP Math: Calculus AB 3 AP Math: Calculus BC with AB sub-score 3 AP Math: Calculus BC 3 AP Physics: Physics C Mechanics 3 AP Physics: Physics C Electricity, Magnetism 3 AP Chemistry 3 AP Biology 3 *Only the AP subjects listed above will be considered and may be accepted. Any other AP tests or subjects not listed will not be considered for Admissions . KU Admission Tests: Shortlisted applicants will be required to take KU Admission Tests . Applicants with outstanding academic performance may be eligible for an exemption from KU's internal Admission tests. Degree Program English Mathematics High School Science Subjects Physics Chemistry Biology Aerospace Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Biomedical Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Chemical Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Civil Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Computer Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Electrical Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Energy Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Mechanical Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Petroleum Engineering ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Earth and Planetary Sciences ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Physics ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Engineering Systems and Management ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Robotics and Artificial Intelligence ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Applied Mathematics, Statistics, and Data Science ✔ ✔ ✔ X X Chemistry ✔ ✔ X ✔ X Cell and Molecular Biology ✔ ✔ X O O Computer Science * ✔ ✔ O O O ✔ Required subject X Not Required * One of the science subjects marked with ( O ) Submission of Programs Requirements The above program requirements can be submitted according to the following: Subject Tests Curriculum/Test Required Minimum Score/Grade English IELTS 6.0 TOEFL iBT 79 Math High School Elite/Advanced 80%, General 90% AP 2 A-Level C IB 4 SAT 625 Physics, Chemistry, Biology High School Elite/Advanced 80%, General 90% AP 2 A-Level C IB 4 KU Entrance Tests: Shortlisted applicants will be required to take KU Entrance Tests . Applicants with outstanding academic performance may be eligible for an exemption from KU's internal placement tests. KU Admission Tests Khalifa University Admission Test (KUAT) Overview The Khalifa University Admission Test (KUAT) is designed to assess students' knowledge and readiness in core subjects required for university-level studies. Below are the subjects, their respective topics, formula sheets, and sample questions that applicants should prepare for. Subjects & Topics Mathematics Purpose The mathematics component of the Khalifa University Admission Test (KUAT) assesses students' readiness for university-level mathematics courses. The test evaluates problem-solving skills, conceptual understanding, analytical reasoning, and computational accuracy. Strong performance on the test is required for admission consideration. However, taking the test does not exempt students from any mathematics courses required by their chosen academic program. Test Overview Item Description Duration 90 minutes Number of Questions 40 questions Format Computer-based Question Type Multiple choice (4 options, one correct answer) Calculator Policy A Casio FX-82ES Plus (2nd Edition) calculator will be provided in the test hall. Content Distribution Algebra (30%), Precalculus (60%), Geometry (10%) Main Topics Covered Algebra (30%) Algebraic Expressions and Equations Polynomials and Quadratic Functions Exponents, Radicals, and Rational Expressions Precalculus (60%) Functions and Their Graphs Polynomial, Radical, and Rational Functions Exponential and Logarithmic Functions Trigonometric Functions and their Applications Geometry (10%) Polygons and Triangles Circles Math Equation Sheet ( For review only - not provided during the test) Sample Questions Physics The Physics test evaluates students' understanding of fundamental principles in Mechanics, Waves & Optics, Electricity & Magnetism , Modern Physics, Thermal Physics, and Technical & Foundational Skills. Main Topics Covered Mechanics (40%) Translational Motion - 1D & 2D motion, Newton's laws, energy, momentum, and collisions Rotational Motion - Torque, moment of inertia, angular energy, and momentum conservation Fluids Mechanics - Fluid statics, dynamics, and applications of Bernoulli's principle Waves & Optics (10%) Oscillations and Waves - Mechanical and electromagnetic waves Wave Nature of Light - Interference, diffraction, and polarization Geometric Optics & Optical Systems - Reflection, refraction, mirrors, lenses, and optical instruments Electricity & Magnetism (25%) Static Electricity - Electric charge, electrostatic force, electric field, flux, and potential Current Electricity - Electric current, DC and AC circuits, capacitance, and dielectrics Magnetism - Magnetic fields, forces, flux, and electromagnetism Electromagnetic Induction - Induction laws, transformers, generators, and inductors Thermal Physics (7.5%) Thermal Properties of Matter - Temperature, thermal equilibrium, heat capacity, and phase changes Heat Transfer - Conduction, convection, and radiation Thermodynamics - The first law of thermodynamics, and simple thermodynamic processes Modern Physics (10%) Quantum Phenomena - Energy quantization, photons, and the photoelectric effect Atomic Physics - Atomic models, energy levels, emission and absorption spectra Wave-Particle Duality - Conceptual understanding of matter waves Nuclear Physics - Nuclear structure, radioactive decay, and basic nuclear reactions Technical and Foundational Skills (7.5%) Vectors - Vector representation, components, and vector addition in one and two dimensions Units and Measurement - SI units, prefixes, unit conversion, and orders of magnitude Dimensional Analysis - Consistency of physical equations and estimation techniques Mathematical Tools - Algebraic manipulation, proportional reasoning, and basic trigonometry in physical contexts Graphical Interpretation - Reading, analyzing, and interpreting graphs and diagrams commonly used in physics Physics Equation Sheet (provided during the test) Sample Questions Chemistry The Chemistry test evaluates foundational principles of general chemistry, covering the core concepts of matter, atomic structure, bonding, and chemical reactions. Main Topics Covered Chemical Foundation Measurements Matter Scientific Method Atomic Theory & Periodicity Atomic Structure The Periodic Table Bonding and Reactions Chemical Bonding Stoichiometry States & Solutions Gases Solutions Acids, Bases & Reactivity Acids and Bases Laboratory Practice Lab Measurements Criteria of Purity Chemical Hazards Chemistry Equation Sheet (provided during the test) Sample Questions Important Notes The test will be computer-based and conducted on campus. The test consists of multiple-choice questions. The test duration for each subject is 90 minutes. A non-graphical calculator is permitted. High school students with Advanced Standing Credit (AP, IB, and "A" Levels) Khalifa University may award advanced standing credit for certain academic work completed prior to enrollment at the University. This includes sufficiently high scores on some national/international secondary school examinations such as the College Board Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), and Advance "A" Level GCE (General Certificate of Education). This may make it possible for a student to complete the Bachelor's degree in less than the normal duration or take other courses. Advanced Standing Credit may only be granted after the student has been fully admitted as a freshman to Khalifa University. All students who would like to be considered for advanced standing credit must complete the Advanced Standing Credit Evaluation form at the Office of Admissions and provide either the original score certificate or an official copy from the appropriate examining agency. Each student will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. All students must submit their request for advanced standing credit evaluations within the first semester of their freshman year at Khalifa University. Credits earned through "Advanced Standing" are considered "transfer credits" (non-residence credits) for degree requirement purposes. For more information regarding "Advanced Standing Credit and Credit by Examination Policies and Procedures," please visit: https://www.ku.ac.ae/advanced-standing-credit-and-credit-by-examination-policies-and-procedures/. COLLEGE BOARD ADVANCED PLACEMENT (AP) Khalifa University grants credit for a score of 5 on certain College Board Advanced Placement (AP) exams. The University does not grant credit for secondary school courses teaching AP curricula, or partial credit for lower scores. If the AP exam is taken more than once, the higher score will be counted. All official AP scores should be sent directly to KU registration department by using our college code 7860. Details of credit for various exams appear below: AP EXAM SCORE RECEIVE CREDIT FOR Math: Calculus AB 5 MATH 111 Math Calculus BC with AB sub-score 5 MATH 111 Math: Calculus BC 5 MATH 111 MATH 112 via credit-by-examination Physics A or B Any No Credit Physics C Mechanics 5 PHYS 121 Physics C Electricity, Magnetism 5 PHYS 122 Chemistry 5 CHEM 115 Psychology 5 HUMA 140 Computer Science A 5 ENGR 112 Biology 5 BIOL 101 or 111 INTERNATIONAL BACCALAUREATE Khalifa University grants credit for a score of 6 or higher on certain Higher Level (HL) International Baccalaureate (IB) exams. The University does not grant credit for secondary school courses teaching IB curricula, or partial credit for lower scores. If the IB exam is taken more than once, the higher score will be counted. Details of credit for various exams appear below: HL EXAM SCORE RECEIVE CREDIT FOR Mathematics 6 MATH 111 Physics with Magnetism 6 PHYS 121 via credit by examination PHYS 122 via credit by examination Chemistry 6 CHEM 115 Psychology 6 HUMA 140 Computer Science 6 ENGR 112 Biology 6 BIOL 101 or BIOL 111 and BIOL 112 via credit by examination ADVANCE "A" LEVEL GCE (GENERAL CERTIFICATE OF EDUCATION). Khalifa University grants credit for a grade of A on certain A-level exams. The University does not grant partial credit for lower grades. If the A-level exam is taken more than once, the higher grade will be counted. Details of credit for various exams appear below: A-LEVEL EXAM GRADE RECEIVE CREDIT FOR Mathematics A MATH 111 Physics A PHYS 121 via credit by examination PHYS 122 via credit by examination Chemistry A CHEM 115 Psychology A HUMA 140 Sociology A HUMA 141 Computer Science A ENGR 112 Biology A BIOL 101 or BIOL 111 and BIOL 112 via credit by examination * Examination Policies and Procedures Required Documents that need to be submitted when applying online The following documents are required as part of the undergraduate admissions process: An attested copy of High School certificate. All High school students should submit a copy of their grade 12 first term certificate if the final certificate is not yet issued. For IB, CBSE, or any other curriculum, if the Grade 12 first term certificates have not yet been issued, a letter from the school confirming predicted grades is required. British System high school students should submit certificates of their O level, AS and A levels. If final certificates have not yet been issued, a letter from the school confirming predicted grades is required. All High school students should submit a copy of their final certificates of grade 10 and grade 11. TOEFL or IELTS certificates Passport For UAE Nationals: front page and unified number page For UAE Residents: Copy of passport name page and visa permit page For International students outside the UAE: Copy of passport name page Passport size photograph For UAE Nationals and UAE Residents: Emirates ID (Front and Back) For UAE Nationals Only: A complete copy of Khulasat Al Qaid (UAE National Family Book) or the new updated Family Data IMPORTANT NOTES: Please provide the school's grading scale equivalency where required. All foreign and private school certificates must be equated and attested by the Ministry of Education in UAE. Applications with missing documents will not be accepted. The following documents are required as part of the undergraduate admissions process: A completed Khalifa University online application form An attested copy of High School certificate. Government high school students should submit a copy of their grade 12 first term certificate if the final certificate is not yet issued. Private high school students should submit a copy of their final grade 10 and 11 certificates, in addition to a copy of their Grade 12 first term certificate, if the final certificate is not yet issued. British System high school students should submit certificates of their O level, AS and A levels. If final certificates are yet to be issued, a letter from the school stating predicted grades is required. TOEFL or IELTS certificates (original, plus an extra copy) if any. Good Conduct Certificate Passport For UAE Nationals: front page and unified number page For UAE Residents: Copy of passport name page and visa permit page For International students outside the UAE: Copy of passport name page Passport size photograph For UAE Nationals and UAE Residents: Emirates ID (Front and Back) For UAE Nationals Only: A complete copy of Khulasat Al Qaid (UAE National Family Book) IMPORTANT NOTES: Please provide the school's grading scale equivalency where required. All foreign and private school certificates must be equated and attested by the Ministry of Education in UAE. Applications with missing documents will not be accepted. Personal Interview All students aree required to submit a video recording as part of the application documents, replacing the traditional in-person interview. The video recording will be carefully reviewed by the Khalifa University admissions committee. During this assessment, students will be evaluated based on: Proficiency in English communication Familiarity with the relevant profession Commitment to pursue a professional degree program Reasons for choosing Khalifa University Evaluation of potential leadership capabilities. The video recording, serving as an integral part of the application, ensures a comprehensive evaluation of each candidate's suitability for admission. Step 4 : Review our scholarships for undergraduate Students Undergraduate Scholarships Read more Step 5 : Submit your application Online Application UAE National Students and International Students should apply online only if they meet the minimum admission requirements. We only accept completed online applications that include the grades of at least the first high school term of grade 12. UAE Nationals and applicants with Emirati mothers who are graduating from high school this year should apply directly through the NAPO web portal by accessing the Ministry of Education website. (These applicants should NOT use the Khalifa University online application, instead they should only use the NAPO web portal application). UAE Nationals and applicants with Emirati mothers who graduated in the last one or 2 years , should use the Khalifa University online application to submit their admission applications. International students inside and outside the UAE should also use the Khalifa University online application to submit their admission applications. What happens after I apply? Application Screening: All completed applications are screened thoroughly against Khalifa University admission requirements. Applicants can check their incomplete documents through the status page or will be notified by email. All rejected applicants are notified. Admission Documents and Assessments: Shortlisted applicants will be invited to sit for the admission test in person, based on the program they are applying to. Invitations will be sent at least 10 days before the test date. Applicants may request rescheduling up to 3 days prior to the test. Failure to attend without prior notice will result in automatic rejection. Application Evaluation: The admission department will make recommendations regarding the qualified applicants through an internal process based on the admission assessments results and high school grades. The duration of this process will vary from one applicant to another based on different factors. Final Decision: The admission decision will be announced at an adequate time prior to the start of the semester. Each accepted applicant will be contacted and sent the admission offer. Rejected candidates will be notified too. Apply Now Tuition Fees Undergraduate SCHOLARSHIPS FOR UAE NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS Khalifa University offers a diverse portfolio of merit-based scholarships designed to recognize and support outstanding academic performance. Awards are granted based on factors such as the recipient's academic record and selected program. Beyond supporting academic excellence, these scholarships aim to attract outstanding high school graduates who show strong potential and are eager to contribute to Khalifa University's academic community and future success Recipients are required to maintain strong academic standing, with continued eligibility subject to specific program requirements. Depending on the scholarship awarded, benefits may include: Full or partial tuition fee coverage Textbooks Accommodation Important Note: There is no separate application for the scholarship. It is included in your admission application, and once you receive your admission offer, any awarded scholarship will be stated in it. Cost Fee Per Credit Hour Approximate Amount Per Year ( 12 - 16 credits) Bachelor Tuition 2,500 AED 81,250 AED Housing Fees: Program Occupancy Option Fall Spring Summer Undergraduate Single Occupancy 20,000 AED 20,000 AED 8,000 AED Double Occupancy 10,000 AED 10,000 AED 4,000 AED Transportation: Type Fall Term Spring Term Summer Term Weekend Return (beyond 80Km) AED 2,000/ Semester AED 2,000/ Semester AED 800/ Semester FAQs How do I change my preference to Khalifa University in the NAPO system? You need to contact NAPO directly within their official change period. How do I book the admission interview? KU interviews are now recorded video interviews. Log into your KU application portal, record your video, and submit it directly. What if my application is missing documents? You will be notified via the application portal. You can also email ugadmissions@ku.ac.ae with your reference number for help. How do I send my test scores? Upload them to your online application. You can also email them to ugadmissions@ku.ac.ae with your reference number. For IB, ask your school coordinator to submit your results through the IBO system. For AP, use College Board code 7860 to send them directly to KU. What majors are offered at Khalifa University? KU offers a wide range of undergraduate programs in engineering, sciences, and technology. All programs are accredited by the UAE Ministry of Education. View more Contact Us Office of Student Recruitment and Admission Khalifa University of Science and Technology P.O Box : T: 02 3123333 Call Center Working hours: 7:30:AM - 5:00:PM E: ugadmissions@ku.ac.ae KU Undergraduate Brochure Study at KU: Undergraduate Undergraduate Catalog VIEW CATALOG KU Times Read about our latest student activities in the KU Times Research News Read about our latest research news and breakthroughs Connect with Us VIEW PAGE I confirm that this Math Formula Sheet is provided only as a study material before the test and will not be available during the KU Entrance Test. Acknowledge P.O. Box: 127788, Abu Dhabi, UAE Reach us T: +971 (2) 312 3333 Get The Latest News From KHALIFA UNIVERSITY Social links Other links Colleges Research University Leadership Partnership Achievements & Rankings General FAQ Covid 19 Center for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Technology, Management & Innovation Open Data Copyright 2026 - Khalifa University | All Rights Reserved