Careers Business Equipment Directory Business Development Procurement & Contracts Library Faculty directory Alumni Open Data Login Apply now Login KU Connect (KU Portal) KUbee AI Assistant Webmail (Office 365) Webmail Banner Student Registration Banner E-Learn ServiceHub OneHub ADERP Oracle Fusion MFA Self-Service Students Future Students Prospective Bachelors Prospective Masters & PhD Parents Sponsors Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Postgraduate Admissions Scholarships Academics Colleges College of Engineering and Physical Sciences College of Computing and Mathematical Sciences College of Medicine And Health Sciences Academic Calendar Library General Education Unit Center for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Cyber Security Academy Programs Undergraduate Postgraduate Minors Accreditation Body Museum Zayed Military University BSc in Computer Science program Khazna - Institutional Repository KU CELS Research Office Research Overview Research Offices R&D Facilities Research Centers Technology, Management & Innovation Research Groups & Labs Student Life Campus Life Work Study Student Council Clubs and Association Student Events & Programs Getting Around Resident Life Career And Alumni Services Student Success International Student Services and Study Abroad News & Events Events Calendar News Press Kit Brand Guidelines Newsletters and Publications Hosted Conferences Outreach About Leadership Achievements & Rankings Provost Office Campus Research & Development Office Ethics & Compliance Living in Abu Dhabi FAQs Strategic Partnerships Environment Health and Safety Campus Sustainability Organizational Chart ISO Certificates Risk Management @ KU Login KU Connect (KU Portal) KUbee AI Assistant Webmail (Office 365) Webmail Banner Student Registration Banner E-Learn ServiceHub OneHub ADERP Oracle Fusion MFA Self-Service Students Future Students Prospective Bachelors Prospective Masters & PhD Parents Sponsors Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Postgraduate Admissions Scholarships Academics Colleges College of Engineering and Physical Sciences College of Computing and Mathematical Sciences College of Medicine And Health Sciences Programs Undergraduate Postgraduate Zayed Military University BSc in Computer Science program Khazna - Institutional Repository Academic Calendar LIBRARY General Education Unit Center for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Cyber Security Academy Accreditation Body Museum Research Office University Research Council Research Offices R&D Facilities Research Centers Technology, Management & Innovation Research Groups & Labs Student Life Campus Life Work Study Student Council Clubs & Associations Student Events & Programs Getting Around Resident Life Career And Alumni Services Student Success News & Events Events News Press Kit Brand Guidelines Newsletters and Publications Hosted Conferences Outreach About Us History Achievements & Rankings Leadership Campus Provost Office Ethics & Compliance Research & Development Office FAQs Living in Abu Dhabi Strategic Partnerships Environment heath and safety campus Sustainability ISO Certificates Careers Library Apply Now Faculty directory Alumni Open Data Business Equipment Directory Business Development Procurement & Contracts Undergraduate Scholarships Undergraduate Postgraduate Scholarships Fee & Payment FAQs Contact Us SCHOLARSHIPS FOR UAE NATIONAL STUDENTS SCHOLARSHIPS FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS SCHOLARSHIPS BY EXTERNAL SPONSORS SCHOLARSHIPS FOR UAE NATIONAL STUDENTS Khalifa University of Science and Technology offers the following scholarships to support qualified UAE national and international students enrolled in undergraduate programs on a full-time basis. The University reserves the right to make changes to the published scholarship benefits and conditions without prior notice. The scholarship supports UAE National and International students pursuing a Bachelor's degree at Khalifa University. Scholarship eligibility is assessed as part of the admission process and applicants are not required to submit a separate scholarship application. The number of available scholarship slots is limited. International students are evaluated and mapped to a specific scholarship Tier on the basis of academic merit and other relevant factors, in line with Khalifa University's strategic priorities, rules and regulations. Meeting the minimum eligibility criteria does not guarantee a scholarship award. Scholarship for UAE National and Children of Emirati Mothers Full coverage of tuition fees. Free University accommodation for eligible students. Free weekly transportation for eligible students. Textbooks provided by the University. Please refer to the Tuition Fees webpage for information on tuition costs. The University reserves the right to make changes to the published scholarship and fees information without prior notice. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS Khalifa University of Science and Technology offers the following scholarships to support qualified UAE national and international students enrolled in undergraduate programs on a full-time basis. The University reserves the right to make changes to the published scholarship benefits and conditions without prior notice. The scholarship supports UAE National and International students pursuing a Bachelor's degree at Khalifa University. Scholarship eligibility is assessed as part of the admission process and applicants are not required to submit a separate scholarship application. The number of available scholarship slots is limited. International students are evaluated and mapped to a specific scholarship Tier on the basis of academic merit and other relevant factors, in line with Khalifa University's strategic priorities, rules and regulations. Meeting the minimum eligibility criteria does not guarantee a scholarship award. Scholarships for International Students Tier I Full coverage of tuition fees. Textbooks provided by the University. Tier II Partial waiver of 75% of tuition fees. Textbooks provided by the University. Tier III Partial waiver of 50% of tuition fees. Textbooks provided by the University. Tier IV Partial waiver of 25% of tuition fees. Textbooks provided by the University. Tier V Textbooks provided by the University. Please refer to the Tuition Fees webpage for information on tuition costs. The University reserves the right to make changes to the published scholarship and fees information without prior notice. SCHOLARSHIPS BY EXTERNAL SPONSORS Khalifa University partners with external sponsors to provide scholarships that go beyond financial support, incorporating research, industry connections, and practical skills to enhance students' education and career opportunities. Example of External Sponsors: Abu Dhabi Investment Authority Ministry of Education Ministry of Defence Ministry of Interior Emirates Health Services How to apply: Visit external sponsors' websites directly for information regarding scholarships and application processes. External entities who wish to sponsor students at KU, are kindly requested to fill in the Sponsor Application Form here . KU AI Chat with KU P.O. Box: 127788, Abu Dhabi, UAE Reach us T: +971 (2) 312 3333 Get The Latest News From KHALIFA UNIVERSITY Social links Other links Colleges Research University Leadership Partnership Achievements & Rankings General FAQ Covid 19 Center for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Technology, Management & Innovation Open Data Copyright 2026 - Khalifa University | All Rights Reserved