中文 Set as Homepage Add to favorites Map Welcome to School of International Education Tianjin University！ Home Why TJU About SIE Welcome from the Dean Overview of SIE College introduction Confucius Institute Chinese education base Current leadership Organization structure Administrative units Academic departments Teacher introduction ADMISSIONS UNDERGRADUATE MASTER PROGRAMS DOCTORAL PROGRAMS FOUNDATION PROGRAM CHINESE LANGUAGE PRORAM VISITING STUDENT PROGRAM SHORT TERM PROGRAM COLLEGES AND SCHOOLS Scholarship Chinese Government Scholarship Tianjin Government Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Peiyang Future Scholar Scholarship Qiushi Scholarship Tianjin University International Student Scholarship Other Scholarships Faqs Student Life Campus map Accommodation Traffic Catering Campus shopping Bank Post office Bookshop Insurance Entertainment Students' association DOWNLOAD ADMISSIONS RELATED ACADEMIC RELATED OTHERS UNDERGRADUATE UNDERGRADUATE MASTER PROGRAMS DOCTORAL PROGRAMS FOUNDATION PROGRAM CHINESE LANGUAGE PRORAM VISITING STUDENT PROGRAM SHORT TERM PROGRAM UNDERGRADUATE You are here： 首页 > English > ADMISSIONS > UNDERGRADUATE Tianjin University currently o ffers 6 7 u ndergraduate programs, most of them are 4-year full-time study (except for the program of Architecture which require s 5 years). The programs are usually delivered in Chinese. Chemical Engineering, Environmental Engineering and Pharmaceutical Science are available in English (Pharmaceutical Science is exclusively taught in English). Upon successful completion of the prescribed curriculum, passing the assessments, and defending the graduation thesis, students are awarded an undergraduate degree. Additionally, all Chinese-taught undergraduate students are required to reach Level 5 of the "Chinese Language Proficiency Scales for Speakers of Other Languages" standard before graduation (Undergraduate students majoring in Chinese Language are required to Level 6 of the "Chinese Language Proficiency Scales for Speakers of Other Languages" standard). All English-taught undergraduate students should attain Level 4 of the " Chinese Language Proficiency Scales for Speakers of Other Languages" standard before graduation. Please click here for the Catalog of Undergraduate Programs. I . Qualification of Applicants 1. Applicants must be non-Chinese citizens with a valid passport. For applicants who used to be Chinese citizens but later immigrated to other countries, the conditions set by the Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China should be met. 2. Applicant must have a high school diploma and be under the age of 25. Applicants who are still under the age of 18 as of September 1st, 202 6 must submit the original guardian certificate issued by the Tianjin District Notary Office, and the Guardian must be a permanent resident of Tianjin. Applicants should be in good health and of good character, be well-behaved and be willing to abide by China's laws and regulations, as well as the university rules. 3. Language Proficiency Requirements: ① For Chinese-instructed program applicants: Students are required to submit HSK-5 certificates with a minimum score of 180 or HSK-4 certificates with a minimum score of 180 or above for programs in School of International Education. Native Chinese speakers and applicants who complete their high school study in Chinese are allowed to be exempted from providing HSK Certificates. ② For English-instructed program applicants: Students are required to submit English Proficiency Certificates. IELTS 6.0 or TOEFL 80 is mandatory. Native English speakers are exempted from providing relevant certificates. For applicants who completed their high school study in English, a Certificate of High School Study in English should be submitted as alternative language certificate instead of IELTS or TOEFL. II . Application Schedule October 15th, 202 5 - April 15th , 202 6 * Due to the limited quota for scholarships, students applying for scholarships are requested to submit their applications before April 1 st , 202 6 . III. Application Documents 1.Scan of original high school diploma or original notarized diploma. (Scan of Pre-graduation Certificate is required if the applicants have not gained degree certificate before the application deadline . Please resubmit the original high school diploma or original notarized diploma before registration). 2. Scan of notarized copy of the high school academic transcripts or scan of international standardization test results (such as SAT/ACT/A-Level/AP/IB etc.). 3. Scan of China Scholastic Competency Assessment （ CSCA ） transcript . 4 . Photocopy of passport within the validity period after September 1st, 2026 . Applicants who have immigrated to other countries or whose parent is a Chinese national should provide proof of time for naturalization, proof of renunciation of Chinese nationality and a visa record of recent four years for entry and exit to China . 5 . Proof of Chinese or English proficiency (For specific requirements, please refer to Qualification of Applicants) 6 . Study and Work Experience Resume since High School to present (The start and end time must be uninterrupted, and education level should start from senior high school) . Applicants must fully disclose their prior learning experiences in China. If any concealment or misrepresentation is confirmed, the university reserves the right to unconditionally revoke the admission at its sole discretion. 7 . S tudy plan (600 words at least). 8 . P hotocopy of Foreigner Physical Examination Form (The medical examinations must cover all the items listed and should be conducted after October 1st , 202 5 ). 9 . Applicants who are now in China must submit scan of Photocopy of Visa , a certificate that shows the applicant's good record of conduct and performance in their school . If it is an applicant studying at a university in China must submit scan of the Certificate of Withdrawal from present university. 10 . Applicants must submit scan of Certificate of Non-Criminal Records . It should be valid within six months prior to the application date. (Fresh high school graduates are required to submit a certificate that shows the applicant's good record of conduct and performance in their school). 1 1 . Certificate of Bank Saving or Income Certificate of Financial Guarantor. 12. A pplicants who are still under the age of 18 as of September 1st, 202 6 must submit the original guardian certificate . 13. Other attachments (such as Certificate of award etc. ) Note: Please download the corresponding template from the School of International Education download section at: http://sie.tju.edu.cn/ Application Remarks: 1. All uploaded documents must be in Chinese/English; otherwise notarial translations in Chinese/English are required. Once translated, the original documents and certified translations should be submitted together to the application system. 2. TJU has the right to request the applicants to provide the original or notarized hard copies of application documents for further qualification checks if the uploaded documents are not sufficient. Applicants who provide fake materials will be disqualified from admission. I V. Admission Process and Procedures Step 1: Take the China Scholastic Competency Assessment （ CSCA ） Students must take the "CSCA Test" organized by the China Scholarship Council on behalf of the Ministry of Education of China and get the score report . Students can visit the official CSCA website (www.csca.cn) for specific test dates and content. Important Note: To ensure a smooth application process, it is advisable to take the CSCA test at an early date and submit your results before May 20 th 2026 , allowing sufficient time for subsequent review procedures. For specific test subjects, please refer to the " 2026 Tianjin University CSCA Test Subjects for International Undergraduate Students ". The CSCA test scores serve as a key quantitative basis for our university's assessment of applicants' academic capabilities, so thorough preparation is essential. Step 2: Complete and Submit the Online Application Applicants should complete the Online Application on the International Student Service System (ISSS) ( tju.at0086.cn/student ) according to the application schedule. Applicants should fill in the application information online, upload the application documents to the Online Application System. Step 3: Participate in the Interview Upon review by the university, eligible students will proceed to the interview stage. The interview will primarily assess the student's comprehensive qualities and Chinese language proficiency. Step 4: Check Admission Result and Pay Fees Admitted students are required to pre-pay a deposit of 7,000 RMB and an application fee of 420 RMB within the university's stipulated deadline. Upon receipt of these payments, Tianjin University will issue the electronic version of the "Admission Notice" and the "Visa Application for Study in China" to the admitted applicants in July. If a student decides not to register and study at the university for personal reasons, the deposit and application fee will not be refunded. V . Scholarship 1.Chinese Government Scholarship (Type A) (for Chinese-instructed Programs only) Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply from Chinese embassies/consulates abroad . When filling in the application form for Chinese Government Scholarship, please fill in "Tianjin University" as your first choice in the column of "application institution". For contact information of Chinese embassies/cons ulates, please visit the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China. The application usually starts from November to February next year. It is suggested that applicants apply to Chinese embassies/consulates after obtaining Pre-admission Notice. For application deadlines and other relevant information, please refer to the websites of Chinese embassies/consulates. (For more information, please click here.) 2.Qiushi Scholarship/Tianjin University International Student Scholarship/Tianjin University Scholarship in Chemical Engineering /Tianjin University Motian Scholarship When completing the undergraduate application form online, applicants are required to upload the scholarship application form under the " Scholarship Application Form " section in Tianjin University's online application system (tju.at0086.cn/student). Scholarship program links: http://sie.tju.edu.cn/jxj/zxjxj/ http://sie.tju.edu.cn/jxj/qtjxj/ Scholarship application form download link: http://sie.tju.edu.cn/xzzx/sqxg/ V I. Visa Application and Registration 1. Admitted students should bring their personal and ordinary passport, Certificate of Admission, Visa Application Form (JW202/ JW201), and original Form of Physical Examination Record for Foreigners (as well as other original documents of physical examination) to the Embassy or Consulate of the People's Republic of China, and apply for a student visa (X1 visa). Students are required to arrive at TJU (along with the required documents) and complete the registration during the dates indicated in the admission notice. 2. Normally, registration is held in late August or early September. All students should present the required original high school certificates, and submit the diploma copies certified by high school or certificate authorities upon registration at Tianjin University for enrollment qualification review. Students who fail the admission qualification review will be disqualified from admission. VI I. Costs (Unit: RMB Yuan) (1) Application Fee: 420 RMB (Pay after admission. Chinese Government Scholarship winners don't need to pay.) (2) Tuition Fee: Program Tuition F ee （ RMB/year ） Bachelor General Major ： 16,600 RMB (Taught in Chinese ） 20,000 RMB (Taught in English) Special Major: 26,000 RMB (Architecture/ Software Engineering/Urban and Rural Planning/Landscape Architecture) Note: Tuition fees and Scholarships are subject to the Admission Notice of Tianjin University. (3) Accidental Injury and Hospitalization Insurance: 800 RMB /year (4) Accommodation:The rates for different types of dormitories on two campuses range from 15 to 60 RMB/bed/day. For more details, please click the link below : Accommodation Fees for International Students Note: All the above fees are non-refundable once paid. VII I. Contact Information Program Coordinator: Ms. Wang International Admissions Office, School of International Education, Tianjin University Address: 92 Weijin Road, Nankai District, Tianjin, China Zip code: 300072 Tel: 86-22-27406691 Fax: 86-22-27406147 E-mail: undergraduate@tju.edu.cn Website: http://sie.tju.edu.cn/en/ , www.tju.edu.cn Please follow us for more informaiton of TJU WeChat ID: StudyatTJU Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TJUadmissions Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tju.admission/ Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/@TJUAdmissions Links Ministry of Education China Scholarship Council Confucius Institute Headquarters Confucius Institute Other Topic About Tianjin Meet our students News dynamics FAQ Contact us Video Downloads QQ Wechat Dean mail Microblog Enrollment Hotline： +86-22-27406691 Contact E-mail： undergraduate@tju.edu.cn (For Undergraduate Programs) graduate@tju.edu.cn (For Graduate Programs) iso@tju.edu.cn (For Chinese Language Program and Foundation Programs) Address: 92 Weijin Road, Nankai District, Tianjin, P.R.China Copyright ？ 2011 The President and Tianjin University