본문 바로가기 사이드메뉴 바로가기 주메뉴 바로가기 Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Undergraduate Admissions International Graduate Admissions GIST International Undergraduate ENG 전체메뉴보기 모바일메뉴열기 주메뉴영역 About GIST Overview Vision Programs 3D Campus Tour Application Eligibility Admission Guideline Apply Student Support Scholarship Health Insurance Housing Board Notice FAQ Contact Us 모바일 메뉴영역 About GIST Overview Vision Programs 3D Campus Tour Application Eligibility Admission Guideline Apply Student Support Scholarship Health Insurance Housing Board Notice FAQ Contact Us WE ARE GIST GIST is here to make for a dream that possible Board Notice FAQ Contact Us Online Application Admission Guide FAQ Board FAQ 인쇄 SNS에 공유하기 트위터 페이스북 카카오톡 Q [Interview] What subjects will be asked during the interview A All applicants who pass the document screening will be asked math and science subject during the interview. The science subject is one of physics, chemistry and biology, selected by the applicant at the time of application Q [Others] How many people will be admitted this year? Are there admission quotas by nationality? A The quota for international undergraduate admission is not predetermined and we do not set quotas by nationality. Q [Others] Do you admit transfer students? A No, we do not have the transfer program. You have to apply as a freshman student. Q [Others] What is the medium of instruction of GIST? Should I learn Korean? A Most lectures including basic science subjects and major courses are provided in English. International students are required to take some Korean courses for their graduation. Q [Others] Does GIST provide scholarships for international students? A All international undergraduate students are granted GIST scholarship without any separate application process. Tuition fees are fully waived for 8 semesters, and there are monthly allowances, settlement subsidy and flight reimbursement. However, dorm fee is not included in GIST Scholarship. GIST undergraduate dormitories cost approx. 106,000 KRW / per month. And meals are available at on-campus cafeterias at a cost of 4,000 ~ 7,000 KRW. Q [Online Application] Should I pay the application fee? A We do not charge any application fee. Q [Online Application] Do I have to choose my major when I apply to GIST? A When first admitted to GIST undergraduate program, students are inducted into Division of Liberal Arts and Sciences for their first year before selecting their major. Division of Liberal Arts and Sciences offers an eclectic curriculum of mathematics, sciences, humanities, and social sciences to help cultivate fundamental capabilities for future S&T talent. This first year will serve as the springboard for further study in students' select discipline as well as innovation across disciplines. To know the preference of the applicants, we ask your intended major on online application system. However, it will not affect the actual declaration of your major after you are admitted. Q [Online Application] I am having trouble with the online application system. Can I submit my application by email or post? A No, we only accept online application. If you have any problems with our application system, please send us email with the screen capture to uadmis@gist.ac.kr Q [Recommendation Letter] How can I submit the recommendation letter? A We do not accept the recommendation letter from the applicant. Submissions by post/fax/email are invalid. The recommender should access our recommendation system at this link: https://service.gist.ac.kr/admission/tchreco/uniforeigner To create the recommender's account, he/she needs your application number and e-mail address, which you entered as your recommender's e-mail in your online application. After your recommender fills the form, he/she should print and upload the letter with his/her signature. Q [Recommendation Letter] I cannot get a recommendation letter from high school teacher because I graduated long time ago. A You can get a recommendation letter from your supervisors or professors if you are employed or studying at university. Q [School Documents] What is a school profile? A It is an official high school profile/introduction/brochure published by the applicant's high school, Department of Education or Ministry of Education. It should indicate your school's information, not about yourself. If your school does not have any school profile, you could write it in a document with the confirmation by your school authority. Additionally, we encourage you to submit your school's English website, GPA rating system, college acceptance statistics, or any other relevant information that would help us understand your school better. Q [School Documents] Do I have to submit my university transcript? A Yes, if you are in college or university, you should submit the university transcript along with the high school one. Q [School Documents] Since I am in my final semester now, I do not have grades from the 2nd semester of 12th grade. A You may submit a transcript updated to 1st semester of 12th grade including the last semester of coursework underway. Q [Standardized Official Test] I don't have my final IB or GCE A-Level score yet. What should I do? A For IB or GCE A-Level test applicants, we accept IB or GCE A-Level predicted score report written by counselor or teacher at the school. Once the applicant is admitted, they must submit IB diploma or GCE A-Level as soon as they receive it. If there are significant discrepancies between your predicted score and final scores, your admission can be rescinded. Q [Standardized Official Test] Can I submit IGCSE and AS Level Exams as Standardized Official Test Scores? A No, IGCSE and AS Level Exams are not recognized as Standardized Official Test Scores. Please submit GCE A-Level Exams. Q [English Proficiency Test] I took TOEFL this month. Can I submit the result after the application deadline? A We do not accept application documents after the deadline. Q [English Proficiency Test] What is the minimum requirement for EPT? A There is no minimum score requirement for EPT. Q [English Proficiency Test] I taught in English and my country's official language is English. Can I get the exemption? A Only applicants who are native English speakers (USA, Canada, UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, etc) do not need to submit English proficiency test score. Other than that, all applicants must submit an official English proficiency test score, such as TOEFL(Code: 0144), IELTS, TEPS, TOEIC, Cambridge English Exam (CAE, CPE), PTE Academic, and Duolingo English Test. Applicants from specific countries, they may be required to submit an Official English proficiency test score report such as IELTS for VISA issuance. (e.g., Pakistan) Q [English Proficiency Test] Can IB or GCE A-Level results be used to meet the EPT? A No. We do not consider IB or GCE A-level results as English Proficiency Test report. Q [Other Requirements] My parents and I do not have passports. What should I do? A Applicant should prepare his/her passport and submit it before the application deadline. If parent(s) does not hold a valid passport, a copy of Certificate of Nationality or national ID card can be submitted. gist Section of Undergraduate Admissions, GIST College A (N4), Room 323 123 Cheomdan-gwagiro, Buk-gu, Jeonnam-Gwangju Special Metropolitan City 61005, Republic of Korea Copyright (C) 2020 Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology. All Rights Reserved About GIST Overview Vision Programs 3D Campus Tour Application Eligibility Admission Guideline Apply Student Support Scholarship Health Insurance Housing Board Notice FAQ Contact Us