Undergraduate Admission Guide for INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS COPYRIGHT 2026 Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology · All Right Reserved Office 323, College Building A, 123 Cheomdangwagi-ro, Buk-gu, Gwangju, 61005, Korea /plus.case82/hyphen.case62/hyphen.case715/hyphen.case2958 uadmis@gist.ac.kr GIST at a glance Studying at GIST provides a unique opportunity to immerse yourself in a world-class educational and research environment, guided by esteemed faculty, and supported by a global network. Whether you aspire to be a leading researcher, an innovative engineer, or an entrepreneur, GIST equips you with the knowledge, skills, and experience to excel in your chosen field. Join GIST and become part of a community dedicated to advancing science and technology for the betterment of society. About GIST Graduates 8,6571,439 B.S. 5,195 M.S. 2,023 Ph.D. Enrolled Students 2,273 506 M.S. | Ph.D. 901 B.S. 471 M.S. 395 Ph.D. 160 Enrolled International Students 20 M.S. | Ph.D. 44 B.S. 31 M.S. 65 Ph.D. Faculty Researchers Staff 206 34 230 Campus University Research Organizations Buildings 630,741.9 m² 11Departments buildings41 Centers50Institutes8 SEOUL GW ANG-JU 3.5 hour 1 hour 02 | 03 GIST Excellence Global GIST 2025 QS World University Rankings for 'Citations per Faculty' 4 th 1st 17 consecutive years in the world in korea 2024 THE Y oung University Rankings 85 th 4 th in the world in korea SCI Journal Papers per Graduate During Enrollment 5 an average of Papers published Faculty Researcher Students Support for World-Class Exchange Programs MoU Universities for Exchange Programs Summer Session UC Berkeley, Univ of Cambridge, Boston Univ. etc World Friends Volunteers 119 1,000 Participants Beneficiary Countries Vietnam, Moldova, Panama, Bhutan, Laos GIST Startup 139 Company46 21 72 Revenue 2,454 Billion KRW882 333 1,239 Employment 2,279 People1,293 165 821 Investment 1,818 Bilion KRW1,393 7 418 GIST College Key Features · lectures including basic science subjects and major courses are provided in English · Self-directed experiences and challenges, learning centered on discussion and presentations · Research opportunities in conjunction with graduate school programs · On-campus mentoring program for learning and career development · Global Lounge for cultural exchange and familiarization with Korea · Student exchange programs with world-class universities in Science and Technology (UC Berkeley, Univ. of Cambridge, Boston Univ., Technion, and others) GIST fosters the development of specialists with diverse knowledge and 3C1P capabilities.3C1P GIST University aims to select students who align with its goal of nurturing scientific talent capable of communicating creative ideas, collaborating with others, and solving problems Create a new frontier of global science and technology Liberal Arts College CooperationCommunication Problem Solving Creativity 04 | 05 Curriculum Sophomore-senior The second to fourth year curriculum is designed so that students can concentrate on their choice of major, minor and/or double majors in the humanities and social sciences, as well as integrated studies. Major / Double Major / Minor When first admitted to GIST, students are inducted into School of Humanities and Social Sciences for their first year before selecting their major. Division of Liberal Arts and Sciences offers an eclectic curriculum of mathematics, sciences, humanities, and social sciences to help cultivate fundamental capabilities for future S&T talent. This first year will serve as the springboard for further study in students select discipline as well as innovation across disciplines. Freshman School of Humanities and Social Sciences College Department College of Information and Computing · Electrical Engineering and Computer Science · AI Convergence · Semiconductor Engineering (Korean Students Only) College of Natural Sciences · Physics and Photon Science · Chemistry · Mathematical Sciences College of Engineering · Materials Science and Engineering · Mechanical and Robotics Engineering · Environment and Energy Engineering College of Life Sciences and Medical Engineering · Life Sciences · Biomedical Science and Engineering Scholarships & Facilities Items Benefits Requirements Tuition fee \ 4,050,000 / Semester Fully waived · Granted to all international students without any special conditions Student allowance \ 130,000/month · Gained at least 11 credits in the previous semester · No academic probation in the previous semester · Not granted during the disciplinary periods imposed by school due to the student's improper behaviorMeal allowance \ 270,000/month International allowance \ 130,000/month · Achieved a GPA of at least 3.0 out of the 4.5 scale in the previous semester Settlement subsidy \ 200,000 · Granted to all international students without any conditions Flight reimbursement One-way flight · After one month of study in the first semester ※ Tuition fees and allowances are supported for 8 semesters. (The other subsidy and reimbusement are one-time benefits.) Scholarships · Due to changes in the enforcement regulations of National Health Insurance Act, all international students must sign up for Korean National Health Insurance and pay their insurance fees. · Foreign students qualify for the same insurance benefits as Korean citizens. · GIST reimburses 100% of monthly insurance contributions paid by international students. · Additionally, GIST provides a free annual medical checkup for international students. Health Insurance · GIST has two excellent on-campus dormitories simply named Dormitory A and Dormitory B. · All students will be provided with double- occupancy rooms, which are furnished with beds, desks, chairs, bookshelves, drawers, and built-in closets. · Each room is equipped with an air conditioner and heating system, and students are not charged for utilities such as electricity or water. · A bathroom is installed in each room and shared with roommates. Housing Support Facilities & Organizations 06 | 07 Section of International and Public Affair(IPA) Section of International and Public Affair(IPA) serves both the international and Korean community of GIST students and scholars. Our mandate is to enhance international collaborations between GIST and universities/organization abroad. SIC also promotes mutual understanding among students and scholars of differing cultural backgrounds, and values. Its mission is to create an international atmosphere for Korean students and assist international students with successful academic and cultural experience at GIST. Hara Kitchen Hall Hara Hall is available for students who cannot use the communal dining hall due to religious beliefs (e.g., Halal) or dietary preferences. It was completed in November 2003 and, after an expansion in 2023, now operates across two buildings. Students can use the facility after registering through the dorm-student council representative. Central Library & LG Library GIST has two modern library buildings. The LG Library provides services to support its collections of monographs, journals, dissertations, government technical reports and multimedia. Meanwhile, the Central Library provides large- screen interactive digital reading displays, modern computers, and a spacious environment for a high-standard education as well as relaxation. There are also more than 40 rooms available to reserve for different purposes - study, group debate, performance, theater, and exhibitions. Student Organizations (Clubs) There are more than 20 postgraduate clubs and 30 undergraduate clubs including art, music, sports, science, social and religious groups, which create a dynamic and enriching campus culture that harmonized science and art. Language Education Center The purpose of the Language Education Center(LEC) is to provide all GIST students with the best learning environment to help achieve GIST's vision for higher education in science and engineering. Our staff of dedicated and experienced teachers, provides both English and Korean courses as well as special programs that allow students to develop and grow academically, while also offering individual opportunities for self-reflection and discussion through "clinic" services. GISA The International Students Association at GIST or GISA for short, was established to bring together the greatly diverse international community at GIST and to support international causes on campus. GISA's goal is to build, strengthen, and support all international communities and utilize available resources to promote and bridge all nationalities. To accomplish that goal, GISA hosts numerous events on and offcampus for both international and domestic students to have a better understanding of diverse cultures. For more information about the GISA and its activities, navigate through our Facebook page and find out about the many exciting events the GISA prepares every year to celebrate diversity at GIST. Sports and Welfare facilities There is a broad range of facilities and services available including 1 gymnasium, 7 tennis courts, 1 outdoor sports ground, a 426-seats auditorium, a weight room, on-campus restaurant, and 2 cafeterias. Admission Guide · Academic Programs · Application Details Academic Programs GIST seeks to admit students who embody its mission of nurturing future scientists capable of solving problems through creative thinking, effective communication, and collaborative teamwork. GIST is a research and educational institute established by the Korean government to advance national science and technology. All admitted students are selected as government-funded scholars. In addition, GIST offers various supplementary scholarships to ensure that students can fully dedicate themselves to their studies in the best possible environment. All first-year students at GIST are admitted without declaring a major. At the end of their freshman year, students are given the opportunity to choose their desired field of study from a diverse selection of 10 majors. Students can enjoy a wide range of academic choices through various double major and minor programs. Programs Classification Remarks College of Information and Computing Electrical Engineering and Computer Science AI Convergence Semiconductor Engineering (Korean Students Only) College of Natural Sciences Physics and Photon Science Chemistry Mathematical Sciences College of Engineering Materials Science and Engineering Mechanical and Robotics Engineering Environment and Energy Engineering College of Life Sciences and Medical Engineering Life Sciences Biomedical Science and Engineering Application Details 10 | 11 Timelines Contents Schedule Remarks Online Application Nov. 24(Mon), 2025 ~ Jan. 23(Fri), 2026 GIST System Submission of Documents Nov. 24(Mon), 2025 ~ Jan. 23(Fri), 2026 GIST System Evaluation Feb. 9(Mon) ~ Mar. 31(Tue), 2026 Admission Announcement Apr. 30(Thu), 2026 Expected Email Registration May. 1(Fri) ~ May. 14(Thu), 2026 Academic Y ear Begins Fall 2026 Quota Approximately 15 students will be selected. Eligibility 1. Applicants who have graduated from high school by August 31st, 2026 2. International applicants residing in Korea and who have completed or will have completed their high school education in Korea (국내 거주/국내 고교 출신 외국인 학생) are also eligible to apply for the GIST undergraduate program. 3. International applicants must additionally satisfy one of the following two requirements. · Neither of the applicant's parents is a Korean citizen. · For an applicant of Korean origin, he or she must have completed elementary, middle, and high school outside of Korea and have never been enrolled in any school(s) in Korea. ※ Applicants who hold Korea citizenship(including dual citizenship) are not eligible to apply as international students. The List of Required Documents ※ Important Notes · All required documents must be uploaded online and Uploaded file should be in PDF form and legible. · All documents must be submitted in English. Any document in different language should be accompanied by a notarized English translation. · Admission will be revoked if the application form or submitted documents are found to false or counterfeit regardless of whether it is before or after admission. Categories Remarks 1 Application Form Mandatory 2 One Recommendation Letter 3 High School/University Transcript 4 High School Diploma (or Certification of Expected Graduation) 5 Official English Proficiency Test Score Report 6 Standardized Official Test Score Report 7 Copy of Applicant's Passport (or National ID) 8 Copies of Both Parent's Passports (or Official Documents Indicating Their Nationalities) 9 Certificate of Entry and Exit Korean Origin Only10 Certificate of Loss of Korean Citizenship 11 Certificate of Transcripts (Elementary and Middle School) 12 Honors and Awards Optional (Recommended) 13 High School Profile Application Form · Application must be completed via online. https://service.gist.ac.kr/admission/uniforeigner One Recommendation Letter · The recommendation letter is encouraged to be written by an academic advisor, homeroom teacher, or a math/science teacher. · Submission is possible only via our online system. ※ Submissions by Post/Fax/Email are invalid. · Successful submission of the document can be checked via online application system. ※ If the recommendation letter is not submitted by the recommender, the applicant cannot complete his or her application process. · The recommendation system does not authorize your recommender to access the system if his or her email address is not same as the one you entered in the application system. The e-mail address that your student has entered in the application system is the ID. Also, you need the student's application number to access the recommendation system. High School/University Transcript · Submit official transcripts from every high school (or university) attended. ※ The information that explains the scoring/grading system must be submitted. · Official high school transcripts must include academic records of each semester or each year from all years of high school. ※ If you do not yet have grades from your 2nd semester of 12th grade, you may submit a transcript updated to 1st semester of 12th grade including the last semester of coursework underway · The transcripts may include a statement of personal rank in class or school, if available High School Diploma (or Certification of Expected Graduation) · If the certificate of (expected) graduation is unavailable, the applicant may submit a certificate of enrollment, transcripts, or an official document from their school (confirmed by the school authority, e.g. Principal) provided that those documents indicate the applicant's (expected) graduation date. · All successful applicants must submit the Apostille(or consular verified) high school diploma by the registration deadline. ※ Therefore, those whose graduation date is after early July can not apply. Official English Proficiency Test Score Report · TOEFL (Code: 0144), IELTS, TEPS, TOEIC, Cambridge English Exam(CAE, CPE), PTE Academic, Duolingo English Test · In the case of applicants from specific countries, they may be required to submit an Official English proficiency test score report such as IELTS for visa issuance. (e.g., Pakistan) · Only tests taken within 2 years prior to the deadline of the online application are valid. · Applicants who are native English speakers (USA, Canada, UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand) do not need to submit English proficiency test score report. Required Documents in Details The recommender Recommendation letter submission step The Recommendation System Enter the contents Print a recommendation letter Handwrite a signature at the bottom Scan it and upload it in pdf format 12 | 13 Standardized Official Test Score Report · SAT, ACT, GCE A-Level, IB, AP, and Certificate of International Olympiad, the relevant country's qualifying test for high school graduation or college entrance examination. · At least one of the above official test score reports should be submitted. · Submission of one of the SAT, ACT, GCE A-Level, IB, AP, ATAR and Certification of International Olympiad is strongly recommended. · In case of submitting a high school graduation report card (or college entrance examination), - The high school graduation exam is not the final semester's report card. - Additional documents containing exam procedure, competition rate, result, etc must be submitted along with the report card. ※ It is highly encouraged to compare your score on the basis of the international official test (SAT, AP, IB, etc) · For IB or GCE A-level test applicants, we accept predicted score reports written by a counselor or teacher at the school. Once the applicant is admitted, he/she must submit an IB diploma/GCE Certificate as soon as it is received. · National Olympiad Certificate is not acceptable. Copy of Applicant's Passport (or National ID) · Submit a copy of international passport or national ID, along with an official document that indicates your nationality. (such as passport, national ID, alien registration, etc) · Make sure to include a copy of the page that shows your passport number, date of issue and expiration, photo and name. Copies of Both Parent's Passports (or Official Documents indicating their nationalities) · Submit a copy of international passport or national ID, along with an official document that indicates your parent's nationalities. (such as passport, national ID, alien registration, etc) · Make sure to include a copy of the page that shows your passport number, date of issue and expiration, photo and name. Certificate of Entry and Exit · The Certificate of Entry & Exit must be issued by the Korean Immigration Office within 60 days of the application deadline. · It must contain the complete records from the applicant's date of birth to the date of submission. · The passport number on the applicant's passport copy must correspond to the passport number on the Certificate of Entry & Exit. If not, applicants must submit a copy of both old and new passports and a certificate of passport issuance. Certificate of Loss of Korean Citizenship · Loss or renunciation of Korean citizenship has to be proven in the documents with dates and other details. For example: family relation certificate, family census register, certificate of loss/renunciation of Korean nationality, etc. · The documents must contain explicit notes on the loss of Korean citizenship and its date. Certificate of Transcrjpts (Elementry and Middle School) · Official transcripts issued by the applicant's elementary and middle school, which are not located in Korea. Korean Origin Only Optional Honors and Awards · You may submit up to five honors and awards obtained during your high school years. High School Profile(Highly Recommended) · Submit official high school profile/introduction/brochures published by the applicant's high school, Department of Education or Ministry of Education. 14 | 15 Application Process STEP 1 Create your account in the online application system. STEP 2 Fill in the online application and make sure to keep a record of your application number, which is automatically created when you sign up. It is important to enter your recommender's email address correctly. In order for your recommender to submit the recommendation letter, he or she must use exactly the same email address which you entered for him or her in your application. STEP 3 Request your recommender to submit a recommendation letter. He/she will need your application number to create an account on the recommendation system. STEP 4 Upload the required documents on the application system and click the [Submission] button before the deadline to complete the application. You can submit your application only when all the mandatory documents are uploaded and the recommendation letter has been submitted by your recommender. STEP 5 After submission, check your email at least once daily to find out if there are any requests for an interview or additional documents from GIST. STEP 6 Check your final admission result at the online application system on the announcement date. STEP 7 Completion of your enrollment requires the reception of documents by GIST. If you have decided to accept the offer of admission, you should enroll at GIST within the deadline provided. An original Apostilled(or consular-verified) high school diploma and other documents requested by GIST must be sent to the Admissions team by post. After this procedure, you will receive the Certificate of Admission and other documents for the visa application. Undergraduate Admission Guide for INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS COPYRIGHT 2026 Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology · All Right Reserved Office 323, College Building A, 123 Cheomdangwagi-ro, Buk-gu, Gwangju, 61005, Korea /plus.case82/hyphen.case62/hyphen.case715/hyphen.case2958 uadmis@gist.ac.kr