Skip to main content Top Nav - Audience Nav Students Current Students Academic Resources Living on Campus Social Connections Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety Career Exploration and Preparation Families Academics Campus Life Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety News, Events, and Communications Travel and Transportation Visitors Dining Lodging Recreation Shopping EV Charging Faculty and Staff GrinnellShare Academic Catalog Dean's Office Alumni Alumni Community Giving to Grinnell Volunteering News and Awards Events College Resources Top Bar - Utility Links - Left Visit Apply Give Top Bar - Utility Links - Right News Calendar Careers People Search Button Expand/Collapse Menu About Grinnell Expand Grinnell at a Glance Land Acknowledgement Leadership and Administration Social Innovator in Residence Grinnell College Poll Admission and Aid Expand Why Grinnell Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance Visit Grinnell Apply to Grinnell Academics Expand Majors, Concentrations, and Career Pathways The Academic Experience Global Learning Centers, Programs, and Resources Libraries Academic Advising at Grinnell Life at Grinnell Expand Distinctly Grinnellian Student Life Athletics Arts & Culture Beyond Campus Health, Wellness, & Recreation Transportation Civic Engagement Student Organizations After Grinnell Expand Center for Careers, Life, and Service Graduate Outcomes Grinnellians Around the Globe Alumni Outcomes Stories Alumni International Applicants Expand In This Section International Applicants FAQs for International Students Home Admission and Aid Apply to Grinnell International Applicants You're ready to begin your journey toward Grinnell. We're here to help you get started. As an international student, you'll discover a welcoming community at Grinnell College, which attracts students from around the world. In fact, 1 in 5 of our students come from 60+ countries outside the United States. At Grinnell, you'll thrive as part of this vibrant international culture, which embraces students with varied backgrounds and perspectives. You'll be accepted and appreciated for who you are, and encouraged to learn, grow, and explore your own talents and interests. Who is an "International Applicant"? It's not about where you live. It's about your citizenship or permanent residency. So if you hold U.S. citizenship, permanent residency (green card), or if your asylee/refugee status is approved, you must apply as a domestic student. Alternatively, if you do not hold U.S. citizenship, permanent residency, or your asylee/refugee status is pending, you must apply as an international student. Not sure about your legal citizenship? Check your status with your parents or legal counsel. Either deliberate or unintended misrepresentation of your citizenship status may be cause for withdrawal of your application. If your permanent residency status is still "pending," apply as an international student. Then, once your permanent residency is approved, you should notify us immediately. A photocopy of this paperwork will be required. Tips on the International Application Process Watch the full playlist. The Common Application Ahon Gooptu explains how to submit the Common Application, recommendations, and school reports to Grinnell. Exam Scores Montserrat Castro Gomez explains how to submit exam scores to Grinnell. Supplemental Materials Felipe Monteforte Ferreira explains how to submit supplemental materials to Grinnell. Everything you need to know to apply. Expand All Collapse All Deadlines Important Dates to Remember App Deadline FA App Deadline Decision Release Applicant Reply Date ED1 Nov. 15 Nov. 15 mid-late December mid-January ED2 Jan. 5 Jan. 5 early February mid-February RD Jan. 15 Jan. 15 late March/early April May 1 Back to top Required Application Materials 1. Common Application Create a Common Application and add Grinnell College to your college list. We don't charge an application fee so applying to Grinnell is free! 2. Financial Aid Forms All financial aid forms must be submitted by the same deadline as the Common Application. If I am applying for need-based financial aid, what forms do I need to fill out? Your application file will not be complete, nor given consideration for admission, until you have submitted one of the following. Option A: Submit the 2027-28 CSS Profile . This is to be submitted online via the College Board website. We will not accept a paper copy of the form. Note: Grinnell College does not offer CSS Profile application fee waivers. Option B : Submit an International Student Application for Financial Assistance . Upload the completed form to your Grinnell application portal , which is created after you submit your Common Application. The Grinnell application portal is the only method you can use to submit this form. We will not accept any forms via email attachments or through the Office of Financial Aid's secure upload link. The form will become available in early October. If I am not applying for need-based financial aid, do I need to fill out any forms? No. Instead, please indicate on the Common Application that you do not intend to apply for need-based financial aid. Note: If you do not apply for financial aid for your first year, you cannot request it in future years. As part of the application for admission, all applicants needing financial assistance are required to complete the CSS Profile or ISAFA thoroughly and accurately. Please do not send other documents that are not required, including the Certification of Finances. Tip: Grinnell will not accept any financial documents by email. That's not secure. You must upload them to your secure Grinnell applicant status page. 3. Official Transcript What do you mean by "transcript"? We are looking for a document (i.e., mark sheet, progress report, grade sheet, report card) that shows us what subjects you have studied each year of high school and the grades/marks you earned in each subject. What are the options for submitting an official transcript? This document will need to be sent to us by your high school guidance counselor (or other most appropriate school administrator) or local EducationUSA officer by one of the following methods: Online via the Common Application website. (This is our preferred method.) You will need to invite your counselor to submit this information. By postal mail. This can be an original document or a photocopy of the original document. If a copy is submitted, it should contain an original school stamp and signature on it verifying that the copy is true to the original document. By fax or email. Your counselor can send an attested copy by fax (1-641-269-4800) or as an attachment to an email sent to Grinnell International Admission . The cover letter of the fax or email should clearly indicate that it is being sent by the school, and not you (the student), in order for us accept the documents as official. 4. Official External Exam Results Depending on the educational system of your country, the external exams that we require include: O-Level, A-Level, SSSCE, WAEC, NECO, HSEB, SLC, KCSE, IGCSE, SPM, IB, ICSE, HSC, AISSCE, CXC. This is not a comprehensive list. You will be notified on a case-by-case basis if there are additional external exam results that we require. Please note that if you have studied under the O-Level/A-Level curriculum you must continue your studies through the A-Level (or its equivalent) in order to be eligible to apply to Grinnell. 5. English Language Proficiency Requirement - Official TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test Score(s) If your native language is not English and/or your primary language of instruction in high school was not English, you will need to demonstrate your English proficiency. For applications for fall 2027 entry, we will accept the following: Duolingo English Test This is a "take from your home" exam. Learn more about Duolingo . IELTS See the most recent updates about exam dates/locations . IELTS E-Delivery - please give your IELTS test center this information: Account Name: Grinnell College Address: Grinnell College Admission Office Address: 1227 Park Street City: Grinnell State: IA Zip Code: 50112 TOEFL The TOEFL iBT is now offered in 3 formats. Grinnell accepts all three formats. TOEFL iBT - taken at a test center TOEFL iBT Home Edition - taken at home TOEFL iBT Paper Edition - taken in two parts (one at the test center, one at home) TOEFL Essentials - taken at home MyBest Scores are accepted: Information for TOEFL iBT test-takers Information for TOEFL Essentials test-takers We require an official score report. Grinnell's testing code for TOEFL is 6252. For the IELTS E-Delivery service please use Account Name: Grinnell College Address: Grinnell College Admission Office Address: 1227 Park Street City: Grinnell State: IA Zip Code: 50112 Are there other options for submitting my results? You can ask your high school guidance counselor (or other most appropriate school administrator) or EducationUSA officer to send us an attested copy of your TOEFL or IELTS scores by one of the following methods: Online via the Common Application website. (This is our preferred method.) Your counselor can submit a photocopy of your score report when they submit your high school transcript. By postal mail. The attested copy should contain an original school stamp and signature on it verifying that the copy is true to the original score report. By fax or email. Your counselor can send an attested copy or screen print to us by fax (1-641-269-4800) or as an attachment to an email sent to the Office of Admission . The cover letter of the fax or email should clearly indicate that it is being sent by the high school, and not you (the student), in order for us to accept the scores as official. 6. School Report Form and Counselor Recommendation You will provide the Common Application system with your counselor's email address which will allow them to submit both of these forms online on your behalf. 7. Two Academic Teacher Recommendations You will provide the Common Application system with the email address of two teachers which will allow them to submit recommendation letters online on your behalf. You should choose teachers from an academic subject area (English, math, social studies, science, or language). 8. Early Decision Agreement Form If you are applying to Grinnell as an Early Decision applicant you will be required to submit the ED Agreement Form. This is to be submitted online through your Common Application account by the ED deadline. This form requires three signatures before it can be considered complete: yours, your parent's, and your counselor's. Learn more information about what it means to apply early decision . Back to top Optional Application Materials Preliminary Application If you want to get your name into our database early, you can submit the Preliminary Application (seasonal availability) . This is an optional part of the application process that demonstrates interest to Grinnell, as well as allowing you to receive more information about timelines, events in your area, and the college search process. Note: The Preliminary Application is not a substitute for the Common Application. ACT or SAT Scores We encourage you to read more about Grinnell's test-optional policy . Applicants who choose to apply with an ACT and/or SAT test score may submit either official or self-reported scores to Grinnell College. All enrolling students who applied with a self-reported test score will be required to submit an official test score prior to arriving on campus. You can submit your official results from either of these testing agencies. Grinnell's testing codes are 1318 (ACT) and 6252 (SAT). Are there other options for submitting my results? You can ask your high school guidance counselor (or other most appropriate school administrator) or EducationUSA officer to send us an attested copy of your ACT or SAT scores by one of the following methods: Online via the Common Application website. (This is our preferred method.) Your counselor can submit a photocopy of your score report when they submit your high school transcript. By postal mail. The attested copy should contain an original school stamp and signature on it verifying that the copy is true to the original score report. By fax or email. Your counselor can send an attested copy or screen print to us by fax (1-641-269-4800) or as an attachment to an email sent to intladmission@grinnell.edu . The cover letter of the fax or email should clearly indicate that it is being sent by the high school, and not you (the student), in order for us to accept the scores as official. SAT II and AP Exams Grinnell does not require the SAT II (subject test) or AP exam scores of any applicant, but students may still choose to self-report these scores (if available) on their application. It is not necessary to send in official score reports for either of these exams. Short Answer Supplement We value the opportunity to learn more about you and what you would contribute to our community. You can tell us more about your background and fit for Grinnell through a short, optional writing prompt: Grinnell's core values include supporting a diverse community that is respectful, egalitarian, and committed to the common good. How might your background, respect for the lived experiences of others, and/or eagerness to be exposed to new perspectives equip you to thrive at Grinnell and serve the common good? Your response should be a minimum of 200 words and no more than 450 words. This prompt is optional , but recommended. Once you submit your Common Application or QuestBridge application, you will be able to submit your response to the prompt through your online application portal. The short answer prompt may change from year to year. Supplemental Materials While Grinnell does not have a required supplementary essay / application, we will accept additional letters of recommendation, writing samples, essays, and other appropriate documents if you feel that they will enhance your application. You should upload these items to your Grinnell College application portal whenever possible. Interviews Before your request for an interview can be accommodated, please refer to the instructions for international student interviews . You will notice that submission of your Common Application and your financial aid application is required before your request for an online interview will be considered. Grinnell accepts InitialView , Vericant , and Duolingo interviews from students who have these to submit. Note: Grinnell College does not require personal interviews nor do we give special preference to an international student who participates in on- or off-campus interviews. Please be assured that for those who do receive an interview, it does not weigh heavily on the ultimate decision; largely due to fairness issues, because the vast majority of our international applicants are unable to have interviews. Back to top Financial Aid Policy for International Students Need-Aware Review Policy Like the majority of highly selective, private liberal arts colleges in the United States, Grinnell employs a need-aware admission policy for international students. This means that your demonstrated financial need is considered along with the academic and extra-curricular components of your application during the admission evaluation. In other words, the competition for financial aid is more competitive as the applicant's demonstrated financial need increases. Students who demonstrate academic excellence and who maintain active co-curricular involvement are especially attractive to our admissions committee, regardless of financial need. The need-aware model allows us to best distribute our resources to enroll a high-achieving, multi-talented, and geographically diverse class. International Financial Aid Packaging Policy Grinnell is committed to meeting 100% of institutionally determined need for all admitted international students who complete a financial aid application by the deadline associated with their application term. Grinnell College offers a full range of financial aid opportunities to international students and we are committed to providing affordable education to students from around the world. Learn about how we calculate need . Be sure to read some more detailed information about international student financial aid and scholarships . We also recommend you check out the most frequently asked questions related to financial aid. Important: Your application for admission will not be considered complete until the appropriate financial forms have been submitted. Back to top Other Tips for International Applicants Have other questions? Read our FAQs to see if we already have your answer. We encourage you to complete your application early - by mid- or late December, if possible. Outstanding international applicants may be considered for merit scholarships, regardless of their financial need profile. Check out our requirements and deadlines to make sure you have everything you need to submit your application to Grinnell. Read about our financial aid policies for international applicants. We also encourage you to learn more about our Office of International Student Affairs . For further help and general information about applying to U.S. colleges and universities, you can connect with your local EducationUSA advisers. If you have further questions, please email us . Request Info Visit Apply 1115 8th Avenue Grinnell, IA 50112 641-269-4000 Directions and Map Museum of Art Athletics Bookstore Careers Policies PRIVACY STATEMENT Consumer Information Sexual Respect Web Accessibility Statement Facebook Instagram Linkedin Tiktok Youtube Nondiscrimination Statement: Grinnell College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, religion, disability, creed or any other protected class, in admission, employment, housing, education, services, and all other activities of the College. For additional information, see the full policy We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services. To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "I Agree." For more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy. I Agree Privacy Policy