Skip to main content Top Nav - Audience Nav Students Current Students Academic Resources Living on Campus Social Connections Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety Career Exploration and Preparation Families Academics Campus Life Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety News, Events, and Communications Travel and Transportation Visitors Dining Lodging Recreation Shopping EV Charging Faculty and Staff GrinnellShare Academic Catalog Dean's Office Alumni Alumni Community Giving to Grinnell Volunteering News and Awards Events College Resources Top Bar - Utility Links - Left Visit Apply Give Top Bar - Utility Links - Right News Calendar Careers People Search Button Expand/Collapse Menu About Grinnell Expand Grinnell at a Glance Land Acknowledgement Leadership and Administration Social Innovator in Residence Grinnell College Poll Admission and Aid Expand Why Grinnell Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance Visit Grinnell Apply to Grinnell Academics Expand Majors, Concentrations, and Career Pathways The Academic Experience Global Learning Centers, Programs, and Resources Libraries Academic Advising at Grinnell Life at Grinnell Expand Distinctly Grinnellian Student Life Athletics Arts & Culture Beyond Campus Health, Wellness, & Recreation Transportation Civic Engagement Student Organizations After Grinnell Expand Center for Careers, Life, and Service Graduate Outcomes Grinnellians Around the Globe Alumni Outcomes Stories Alumni Frequently Asked Questions for International Students Expand In This Section International Applicants FAQs for International Students Home Admission and Aid Apply to Grinnell International Applicants FAQs for International Students We know you'll have questions, so we've consolidated the most common information and links that you'll need. Feel free to contact us if you have questions that are not addressed on our site. Academic Information Expand All Collapse All What does Grinnell look for in an applicant? There are several areas that we consider when evaluating applicants to Grinnell College. First, we are looking for a student who has excelled academically in a challenging program. Your secondary school grades, test scores (optional), and teachers' letters of recommendation give us insight into your academic talents. We also review your personal statement, Grinnell supplement (optional), and extra-curricular activities and consider what you have done in addition to being a good student. We want to see what you value, how you occupy your time, and whether you have developed skills sets that will help make you a successful Grinnell student, such as leadership, the ability to work well in a team, and a commitment to hard work. We do our best to learn about each applicant as a whole person. Back to top I have only taken the O-level exams. Do you require the A-levels? Yes, Grinnell requires A-level exams to be considered for admission. For A-level candidates, we require Advanced Subsidiary (or equivalent) results and A-level predictions, usually indicated in the Secondary School Report and/or the counselor or headmaster recommendation letter. This requirement also applies to students who have studied in countries with similar education paths. Examples include, but are not limited to: Ghana (GCE or BECE must be followed by the SSSCE) and India (ISSCE must be followed by the ISSE, or ICSE must be followed by the ISC). Back to top I have taken IB, AP, A-level, or CAPE exams. Can I get Grinnell College credit for them? Yes. Grinnell recognizes the rigor of Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, A-level, and Caribbean Advance Proficiency Exam programs and will award general academic credit (applied toward the graduation requirement) for strong performance on these examinations. See the specific policies through the Office of the Registrar and the College Catalog . Credit is also given for German Abitur and French Baccalaureate exams. Back to top I have university-level credits already. Should I apply as a first-year or transfer applicant? In order to determine if you are eligible to apply as a first-year applicant, or if you will be required to apply as a transfer applicant (regardless of your personal preferences or intentions), please review the following scenarios for the one most applicable to you. You must apply as a transfer applicant if: You have studied at another university which is a U.S.-accredited institution and will have 12 or more transferable credits earned, after graduation from high school, by the time of enrollment at Grinnell. You have studied at another university, after graduation from high school, which is not a U.S.-accredited institution and will have taken classes for more than two semesters by the time of enrollment at Grinnell. You must apply as a first-year applicant if: You have studied at another university which is a U.S.-accredited institution and will not have earned 12 or more transferable credits by the time of enrollment at Grinnell. You have studied at another university that is not a U.S.-accredited institution and will have taken classes for only one or two semesters by the time of enrollment at Grinnell. Back to top If my high school is only three years am I required to send my ninth grade transcript, too? If your high school is only three years, you are required to send us the transcript from those three years of attendance. If possible, we would also like to have you submit your official transcript from ninth grade; however, in this case, the submission of your official ninth-grade transcript is optional. Back to top Application Process Expand All Collapse All Can I submit my Common Application online and send the school forms by mail? Yes. While we prefer to receive the school forms (e.g., transcripts, teacher recommendation letters, guidance counselor secondary school report form) online, you may submit them by fax, email, or postal mail. You can ask your high school guidance counselor (or most other school administrators or EducationUSA officers) to send us a photocopy of your school forms, transcripts, and test scores by postal mail. The photocopy should contain an original school stamp and signature on it, verifying that the copy is true to the original score report. For quicker service, the counselor can send these materials to us by fax (1-641-269-4800) or as an attachment to an email sent to us . The cover letter of the fax or email should clearly indicate that it is being sent by the high school (not the applicant) in order for us to accept the documents as "official." Back to top Do I have to submit all of my application documents at the same time? No. You may submit your documents in any order as they become available. Each document must contain your full name and your date of birth so that it can be correctly assigned to your application file. Back to top To what address should I send my application documents? Grinnell College Office of Admission 1227 Park Street Grinnell, IA 50112, USA Back to top Do you need my transcripts in the original language or in English? If your original school transcript is not in English, you must submit a copy in the original language and a copy that has been translated into English. If you send them by postal mail, the original document must have a school stamp and signature, and the English translation must have formal attestation that the results are true and accurate. We prefer that transcripts be submitted through the Common Application website. We will accept documents submitted via fax or email attachment, but only if they clearly indicate that they are being sent to us by a school administrator or EducationUSA officer. If there is any cause for concern regarding the authenticity of documents, we reserve the right to contact school officials for confirmation and/or to request original, stamped-and-signed documentation in order to complete the application file. Back to top How will I know when my application to Grinnell is complete? You will be given access to an online application portal (i.e. applicant status page) where you be able to view the checklist of documents that you are required to submit. It will show you which documents have been processed into your file and which ones are still outstanding. You are highly encouraged to monitor the status of your of your requirements checklist regularly to ensure that all of your documents are arriving to our office as planned and by the application deadline. Your application file will be considered complete when there are no more red "x's " appearing next to any of the documents. Back to top My mid-year grades cannot be sent until late January or February. What should I do? We recognize that school reporting calendars differ throughout the world. Please submit all of the other required application documents by the Jan. 15 application deadline, then submit your mid-year transcript as soon as it becomes available. If your school does not issue mid-year transcripts, a progress report submitted by your counselor will be acceptable. Back to top When and how will I be notified of my admission/financial aid decision? Your admission decision letter and financial aid notification (if applicable) will be posted to your Grinnell application portal (also referred to as the "applicant status page.") We post decisions no later than April 1 for Regular Decision applicants. All applicants will be able to see their decision letters and financial aid offers, if applicable, in the application portal exclusively; they will not receive letters via postal mail. Back to top Score Report Submission Expand All Collapse All What are the minimum required scores? We do not have minimum test score requirements for admission. Test scores are one of the many credentials we consider as part of our holistic evaluation. Below are the mid-50% score ranges for the international students who were admitted for the 2026-27 academic year. English Proficiency Exams Due to the high demands placed on our students in terms of reading and writing, we tend to look for applicants who can demonstrate a very strong command of the English language. TOEFL (iBT): the score for international students admitted to Grinnell is typically 5.5 or higher ( 107 or higher on previous scale ). IELTS: We will accept the IELTS in lieu of the TOEFL. We prefer to see students with IELTS scores of 7.5 or higher. Duolingo: The mid-50% score range is 129-145. Note: we do not provide Duolingo English Test fee waivers. Standardized Tests SAT: The mid-50% score range is: SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing (ERW): 700-750 SAT Math: 780-800. ACT: A relatively small number of international students submitted ACT results, but for those who did present ACT scores, the mid-50% score range is 33-36. Back to top SAT and TOEFL offer exam dates in December, so results might not be available until after Grinnell's January 15 Regular Decision application deadline. Will you still accept these exam results? Yes; we will accept them through January. We highly encourage you to request a "rush" report of the results. All other application documents must be submitted by the Jan. 15 deadline. We strongly encourage you to sit for these exams on or before the December test dates to ensure full consideration at Grinnell. Back to top Do you require the SAT II? No, but you may still submit SAT II subject tests. Submitted SAT II results can provide the admission committee with additional information about your academic strengths, but the test scores are not included in the official evaluation used for admission decisions. Back to top Do you accept self-reported scores? SAT/ACT Applicants who choose to apply with an SAT and/or ACT test score may submit either official or self-reported scores to Grinnell College. All enrolling students who applied with a self-reported test score will be required to submit an official test score prior to arriving on campus. English Language Proficiency Exams Grinnell does not evaluate application files using self-reported English language proficiency scores. This means that we do not use the scores that have been reported on the Common Application for our application review process. If you are required to submit an English language proficiency exam, you must send your official results directly from the test center or refer to the "I can't afford to send official test score reports directly from the testing agency" bullet point for additional score submission options. SAT II and AP Exams Grinnell does not require the SAT II (subject test) or AP exam scores of any applicant, but students may still choose to self-report these scores (if available) on their application. It is not necessary to send in official score reports for either of these exams. Back to top I can't afford to send official test score reports directly from the testing agency. Is there another option? Yes. You can ask your high school guidance counselor (or other most appropriate school administrator or EducationUSA officer) to send us a photocopy of your test scores by one of the following methods: By postal mail. The attested copy should contain an original school stamp and signature on it verifying that the copy is true to the original score report. By fax or email. Your counselor can send an attested copy or screen print to us by fax (1-641-269-4800) or as an email attachment sent to us . The cover letter of the fax or email should clearly indicate that it is being sent by the high school, and not you (the student), in order for us to accept the score as official. Via the Common Application (this is our preferred method). Counselors can submit a copy of your score report when they submit your Secondary School Report and high school transcript. If your scores are included on your official high school transcript, you do not need to have your scores sent to us by the testing agency. Back to top Are the ACT / SAT required for admission? Do you superscore, and do I need to submit the writing section? Grinnell's admission process is test optional. If you do decide to submit standardized test scores, you may submit either the ACT (institution code 1318) or SAT (institution code 6252). We will consider your best superscored ACT composite scores and your best superscored SAT math and evidence-based reading and writing (ERW) scores. The essay component of both the ACT and the SAT is optional. We do not have minimum score requirements for admission. Should you submit an SAT or ACT score? Grinnell practices holistic admission, which means we take a variety of factors into consideration for admission. Whether or not you submit a test score, we will take into serious consideration your high school transcript, including your grades and rigor of courses, personal essay, recommendation letters, and engagement outside of the classroom. If you're wondering whether or not you should submit a standardized test score, we encourage you to consider the following: If you think your scores are an accurate representation of your ability, then you should feel free to submit them. If you feel they are not, then don't submit them. If you get the score you hoped for, and especially if it's above average for Grinnell, submitting the score may help you in the admission process. Keep in mind that we consider your test score in context. Even if your score is not above average for Grinnell, but it is for your high school or neighborhood, your score may help you in the admission process. A high SAT or ACT score can offset a low GPA. If you don't submit a score, we have less information about your academic performance. If you have a low GPA but do well on the SAT or ACT, your test score can be an important indicator of your potential to succeed in college-level classes. Back to top What English language proficiency exams does Grinnell accept? We will accept any of the following: Duolingo English Test This is a "take from home" exam. Learn more about Duolingo . IELTS See the most recent updates about exam dates/locations . IELTS E-Delivery - please give your IELTS test center this information: Account Name: Grinnell College Address: Grinnell College Admission Office Address: 1227 Park Street City: Grinnell State: IA Zip Code: 50112 TOEFL The TOEFL iBT is now offered in 3 formats. Grinnell accepts all three formats. TOEFL iBT - taken at a test center TOEFL iBT Home Edition - taken at home TOEFL iBT Paper Edition - taken in two parts (one at the test center, one at home) TOEFL Essentials - taken at home MyBest Scores are accepted: Information for TOEFL iBT test-takers Information for TOEFL Essentials test-takers Back to top How do I request a waiver for an English Language Proficiency Test? Grinnell does not provide waivers for TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test scores. Please see "I can't afford to send official test score reports directly from the testing agency. Is there another option?" for other ways to submit your English Language Proficiency Test scores. Back to top Financial Aid Be sure to read up on international aid policies and projected annual comprehensive fees. Read below for information on financial aid as well as waivers, study abroad, and more. Expand All Collapse All Will I be considered for merit scholarships? Outstanding international applicants may be considered for merit scholarships, regardless of their financial need profile. Grinnell College determines merit scholarship eligibility on a holistic basis during the admission process; no additional materials beyond the application for admission are required to be considered for merit scholarships. The determination process considers each student's academic achievement, extracurricular involvement, demonstrated leadership, and/or special talents. Grinnell communicates merit scholarship eligibility at the time of admission, and all scholarship determinations are final. All merit scholarships are renewed for eight total semesters of enrollment. Back to top Are my SAT results high enough to be considered for full financial aid? Our financial aid offers are based primarily on demonstrated need, not on exam results. There is no specific SAT score or other qualification that guarantees a particular grant or scholarship amount. Back to top Can I appeal the amount of my aid or apply for more next year? The amount of grants and other aid cannot be appealed and will remain at the same amount for a total of eight semesters. Additional merit aid is not offered for performance while enrolled at Grinnell. Back to top Will Grinnell match my larger financial aid offer from another school? When a school uses its own funds for financial aid, it determines the guidelines for determining need and offering institutional aid. Grinnell's goal is to provide sufficient financial aid to make a Grinnell education attainable. We understand that we may not be the lowest cost option. However, we will not increase your financial aid to match another school's offer. If you believe the Financial Aid Office may have misinterpreted information on the aid application, we would be happy to discuss what data was used to calculate eligibility and consider adjustments if errors were made or circumstances change. Back to top What do I need to do if I do not intend to apply for financial aid? Indicate on the Common Application that you do not intend to apply for need-based financial aid. Please note that Grinnell will not consider applications for financial aid from international students after they are admitted to the College . As part of the application for admission, all applicants needing financial assistance are required to accurately and thoroughly complete the financial aid application process. Back to top Will my financial aid change in the future if my family circumstances change or if exchange rates worsen? No. Your financial aid eligibility is not re-evaluated each year and requests for additional assistance are not accepted. Back to top If I do not apply for financial aid my first year, can I request it in future years? No. We do not consider applications for financial aid from international students after they have begun their studies at the College. As part of the application for admission, all applicants needing financial assistance are required to complete the CSS Profile or ISAFA thoroughly and accurately. Back to top What if my parents refuse to pay for my college cost? To be fair to all of our students, we can only base our financial aid decisions on ability and not willingness of parents to pay. Back to top How do I request a waiver for the CSS Profile fee? You should complete the ISAFA (PDF) , which does not require a fee, and upload it to your Grinnell Application Status Page . We will not accept this form by email or through the Office of Financial Aid's secure upload link. The Grinnell application portal is the only method you can use to submit the ISAFA. Back to top Do you provide funding for off-campus study? Enrolled students may apply their financial aid to a Grinnell-approved off-campus study program. Tuition remission/exchange benefits apply only to Grinnell's program in London. Details regarding financial aid policies can be found on our off-campus study webpage . Back to top Is campus employment available for international students? All international students have the opportunity to earn money during the academic year with a campus job. If you qualify for need-based financial aid, you will automatically receive a campus employment amount in your aid offer. New students can earn $3,000 by working less than eight hours per week during the academic year, and returning students can earn $3,150 by working about eight hours per week during the academic year. Employment off-campus is strictly prohibited under the terms of the F-1 Student Visa. If you have Grinnell Campus Employment as part of your financial aid, you'll be assigned to your first job. If it's a position you like, you are welcome to keep it for the coming years. At any time, you may search for a new position, especially if you're looking for something that aligns with a particular interest. Back to top F-1 Visas Expand All Collapse All How do I apply for an F-1 student visa? We will provide detailed guidance to admitted international students about the process of requesting a Form I-20 and applying for an F-1 visa. You will gain access to our I-20 Request Form portal, and the offices of Admission, Financial Aid, and International Student Affairs will collaborate to review your documentation. We will establish a record for you in the Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS) so that we can issue your Form I-20. Then you will submit the I-901 SEVIS fee, and make an appointment to apply for your F-1 visa at a U.S. Consulate. We also work individually with international students who are already in the U.S. to determine the appropriate next steps for your unique situation. Back to top How does Grinnell support immigration-related needs for enrolled students? The Office of International Student Affairs (OISA) is responsible for institutional compliance with the Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS). This includes teaching and advising students on your responsibilities and limitations, and it includes working with partners on campus to facilitate access and to increase awareness about how immigration status impacts academic and social decisions for 20% of our student body. OISA staff are experts in their field. They are engaged in appropriate professional networks and they benefit from excellent legal support. Visit the OISA's web site for an overview. Access to their regulatory handouts requires a Grinnell log-in. Back to top Can I participate in off campus study, summer internships, and other co-curricular endeavors? Most international students can participate fully in the co-curricular endeavors available, and international-student-friendly policies are valued at Grinnell. For example, need based aid travels with you to Off Campus Study; grant funding is available (through a competitive process) to support internships anywhere in the world; and academic policies make access to credit bearing internships a fluid process - which is especially important for F-1 students. Access can vary - depending on your visa type, your nationality, the location of the activity you wish to participate in, and your chosen area of study. Office and departments will help you navigate these challenges so that you can make the most of your Grinnell education. Back to top Do Grinnell's F-1 students have access to Practical Training benefits (Curricular, Optional, & STEM)? Yes. Practical Training is available to F-1 students who engage off campus experiences that are directly related to your major field of study. Curricular practical training (CPT) is available (with relevant stipulations) during your studies - for courses with experiential components or for U.S. based internships. Twelve months of optional practical training (OPT) are available (with relevant stipulations) during your studies or within the year immediately following your graduation. An additional twenty-four months of STEM OPT are available (with relevant stipulations) after you graduate with a major in: biology, biochemistry, chemistry, computer science, economics, general science, mathematics, physics, or psychology. Back to top Communicating with the Office of Admission Expand All Collapse All I have questions that are not addressed on this website. Where can I direct these questions? We have created the international admission email address as a portal for all international admission-related inquiries. Messages sent to this account are forwarded to the appropriate staff member, and we strive for a 24-hour response time. In most cases, our student interns are able to field most questions. On occasion, questions will be referred to the international application coordinator or to the associate dean/coordinator of international admission. Back to top How can I receive information and mailings from Grinnell? The best way to notify us of your interest in receiving information about Grinnell is to submit our online inquiry form . If online submission is not an option, you are welcome to email your request to us . Please include your full name, mailing address, academic and extra-curricular interests, and desired application term within your message. Back to top What is the best way to learn more about Grinnell? To start off your exploration of Grinnell, we highly encourage attending a virtual information session , virtual tour led by current students , or joining us for one of our semesterly virtual open houses . This is a great way to learn the basics of Grinnell from the comfort of home. All you need is a Wi-Fi or data connection! If you have questions about our virtual visit offerings, please contact our Coordinator of Virtual Recruitment . Back to top May I contact a current Grinnell student with my questions? Certainly! We encourage you to submit your questions about life and learning at Grinnell to us. Our student interns will either email you directly or connect you with another student who can best answer your questions. If you want a more personalized conversation with a current student, we offer one-on-one voice or video chats with current students . Back to top Miscellaneous Expand All Collapse All What is Grinnell's policy for students with military service obligations? Admitted students who are obligated to enroll in military service in your home country may apply for a deferral of your enrollment (through the Office of Admission), or for a mid-program personal leave (through the Academic Success Center). There is an automatic exception to our standard deferral and/or personal leave policies - which are otherwise limited to one year. Back to top Is rural Iowa friendly to people from outside the U.S.? Yes! Please don't be intimidated by Grinnell's rural location. Students, staff, and faculty converge here with a common purpose - to learn, grow, and engage in the world. The College and the local community are actively supportive of one another. While life in a small town might feel different, and you are likely to encounter new ways of engaging with the world, #YouAreWelcomeHere ! The well known actor and comedian Kumail Nanjiani , who came from Karachi, Pakistan to study at Grinnell, said it best: "Before America was my home, Iowa was my home. Before Iowa was my home, Grinnell was my home." Back to top I was waitlisted. What do I do now? While there are many benefits to being a small college, one unfortunate result of our size is that we have room to enroll only a limited number of new students each year. This constraint means that we are unable to offer admission to many strong applicants. Students who are placed on our waitlist are still highly desirable candidates for admission and, if space becomes available, may be offered admission. Please review our waitlist information website for advice and tips on what to do if you are placed on our waitlist. Back to top I was denied. What do I do now? Grinnell is a highly selective school with an acceptance rate that is often under 15%. Given our small first year class size, we have many more qualified applicants than we are able to accept into the class. We recognize that you worked extremely hard in high school and a deny decision is disappointing. Our decision is final and we are not able to re-review your application in the same academic year. Given the holistic review process we practice at Grinnell, we also cannot offer reasoning to each individual who requests feedback on why they were denied. If your interest in Grinnell remains strong, please consider submitting a transfer application in the next academic year. We hope you find the right place for you and appreciate you taking the time submit an application to Grinnell. Back to top Request Info Visit Apply 1115 8th Avenue Grinnell, IA 50112 641-269-4000 Directions and Map Museum of Art Athletics Bookstore Careers Policies PRIVACY STATEMENT Consumer Information Sexual Respect Web Accessibility Statement Facebook Instagram Linkedin Tiktok Youtube Nondiscrimination Statement: Grinnell College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, religion, disability, creed or any other protected class, in admission, employment, housing, education, services, and all other activities of the College. For additional information, see the full policy We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services. To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "I Agree." For more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy. I Agree Privacy Policy