Skip to main content Top Nav - Audience Nav Students Current Students Academic Resources Living on Campus Social Connections Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety Career Exploration and Preparation Families Academics Campus Life Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety News, Events, and Communications Travel and Transportation Visitors Dining Lodging Recreation Shopping EV Charging Faculty and Staff GrinnellShare Academic Catalog Dean's Office Alumni Alumni Community Giving to Grinnell Volunteering News and Awards Events College Resources Top Bar - Utility Links - Left Visit Apply Give Top Bar - Utility Links - Right News Calendar Careers People Search Button Expand/Collapse Menu About Grinnell Expand Grinnell at a Glance Land Acknowledgement Leadership and Administration Social Innovator in Residence Grinnell College Poll Admission and Aid Expand Why Grinnell Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance Visit Grinnell Apply to Grinnell Academics Expand Majors, Concentrations, and Career Pathways The Academic Experience Global Learning Centers, Programs, and Resources Libraries Academic Advising at Grinnell Life at Grinnell Expand Distinctly Grinnellian Student Life Athletics Arts & Culture Beyond Campus Health, Wellness, & Recreation Transportation Civic Engagement Student Organizations After Grinnell Expand Center for Careers, Life, and Service Graduate Outcomes Grinnellians Around the Globe Alumni Outcomes Stories Alumni Are International Students Eligible for Financial Aid? Expand In This Section Tips from the Experts What happens to my college application after I submit it? What does it mean to be "need blind" and meet 100% of need? What is the difference between a liberal arts college and a research university? What does it mean for a college to be "no loan"? How do I file my FAFSA and CSS Profile? Should I do an admission interview? How can I make the most of a college visit? How can I write my best college essay? International Admission: What You Need to Know (Part 1) International Admission: What You Need to Know (Part 2) Should I submit standardized test scores at a test-optional college? What is the culture of a small, residential college? What is "Demonstrated Interest"? What kinds of classes will I take in college? Why am I seeing college ads online? Are International Students Eligible for Financial Aid? Home Admission and Aid Apply to Grinnell Tips from the Experts Are International Students Eligible for Financial Aid? Jon Edwards Senior Director of International Admission Play Video Close video Hello! My name is Jon Edwards, and I've been working in international admissions at Grinnell College for 15 years - it's a wonderful job. About one-fifth of our students come from around the world, and it's my job to go out and find them and bring them to Grinnell. Once here, we do everything we can to help our international students succeed. International Financial Aid Policies in the United States Here's my advice for anyone thinking about attending college: early in the process, sit down with your parents and have an honest conversation about what your family can afford. How Much Will College Cost? Most schools in the United States use what we call a need-aware international admission policy - this means that in addition to evaluating your academic and extracurricular credentials, we'll also look at how much financial aid you will need. We want to meet your full need, in most cases, and we need to know what that is. Meeting full need means that the institution will cover the rest of the expenses after subtracting your family's contribution. Typically, the more aid you require, the more competitive admission becomes. This is because colleges usually have limited financial aid budgets, which they need to spread around evenly to accomplish their enrollment goals. What About Scholarships? Some schools might offer full scholarships, which you might have heard about, but they're quite rare. Grinnell offers just a few of these scholarships each year, and they're again extremely competitive. In the end, the most important thing you can do to afford college in the United States is to continue to do your very best work in and out of the classroom. That hard work will literally pay off in terms of future admission and aid offers. What Can I Do to Improve My Chances for Admission? When we're considering international applicants here at Grinnell, one of the things I like to look for is the ways the student can demonstrate that they've challenged themselves - that they've gone outside their comfort zone. Maybe they've studied abroad, maybe they tried something new even though they might fail - and they can talk about that and how they've learned from it. That's what we're going to ask you to do if you come to a place like Grinnell. It's a monumental life change. If you practice that sort of experience a bit, I think you're going to be more successful here and be able to hit the ground running. More tips from the experts What does it mean to be "need blind" and meet 100% of need? Joe Bagnoli Vice President for Enrollment, Dean of Admission and Financial Aid What does it mean for a college to be "no loan"? Sarah M. White Director of Admission Should I submit standardized test scores at a test-optional college? Grace Robertson-Lloyd '16 Senior Assistant Director of Admission and Coordinator of Virtual Recruitment Request Info Visit Apply 1115 8th Avenue Grinnell, IA 50112 641-269-4000 Directions and Map Museum of Art Athletics Bookstore Careers Policies PRIVACY STATEMENT Consumer Information Sexual Respect Web Accessibility Statement Facebook Instagram Linkedin Tiktok Youtube Nondiscrimination Statement: Grinnell College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, religion, disability, creed or any other protected class, in admission, employment, housing, education, services, and all other activities of the College. For additional information, see the full policy We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services. To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "I Agree." For more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy. I Agree Privacy Policy