Skip to main content Top Nav - Audience Nav Students Current Students Academic Resources Living on Campus Social Connections Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety Career Exploration and Preparation Families Academics Campus Life Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety News, Events, and Communications Travel and Transportation Visitors Dining Lodging Recreation Shopping EV Charging Faculty and Staff GrinnellShare Academic Catalog Dean's Office Alumni Alumni Community Giving to Grinnell Volunteering News and Awards Events College Resources Top Bar - Utility Links - Left Visit Apply Give Top Bar - Utility Links - Right News Calendar Careers People Search Button Expand/Collapse Menu About Grinnell Expand Grinnell at a Glance Land Acknowledgement Leadership and Administration Social Innovator in Residence Grinnell College Poll Admission and Aid Expand Why Grinnell Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance Visit Grinnell Apply to Grinnell Academics Expand Majors, Concentrations, and Career Pathways The Academic Experience Global Learning Centers, Programs, and Resources Libraries Academic Advising at Grinnell Life at Grinnell Expand Distinctly Grinnellian Student Life Athletics Arts & Culture Beyond Campus Health, Wellness, & Recreation Transportation Civic Engagement Student Organizations After Grinnell Expand Center for Careers, Life, and Service Graduate Outcomes Grinnellians Around the Globe Alumni Outcomes Stories Alumni Prospective Students Expand In This Section Apply for Aid Prospective Students Returning Students Federal Verification Home Admission and Aid Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance Apply for Aid Prospective Students Estimate Aid Apply for Aid Contact Us Prospective Students Need-based financial aid is provided to students who demonstrate that their family financial resources are not sufficient to meet the full annual cost of attending Grinnell. Grinnell meets 100% of each student's demonstrated need with grants, scholarships, and work-study. The process for applying for financial aid varies depending on your citizenship status. Expand All Collapse All Application Deadlines Find the deadline to apply for need-based financial aid based on your admission round in the table below. Application Deadlines Admission Round Deadline Spring Transfer Nov. 1 QuestBridge National College Match Nov. 1 Early Decision I Nov. 15 Early Decision II Jan. 5 Regular Decision Jan. 15 Fall Transfer March 1 Back to top Domestic and Eligible Noncitizen Students Grinnell College practices need-blind admission for applicants who are U.S. citizens or eligible noncitizens , admitting academically qualified students regardless of financial need. We meet 100% of the demonstrated institutional need of admitted students with work-study, grants, and scholarships. By the appropriate deadline, complete the following steps to apply for need-based aid from Grinnell: Common Application Indicate your intent to apply for need-based financial aid. CSS Profile Spring transfers applying to enroll at Grinnell College in spring 2027 should complete the 2026-27 CSS Profile. All others applying to enroll at Grinnell College in fall 2027 should complete the 2027-28 CSS Profile. The CSS Profile is available on Oct. 1 annually. Grinnell College's code is 6252. A fee is charged to submit the CSS Profile, but it is automatically waived for some students. Find answers to FAQs on the College Board's website . If your biological/adoptive parents are not married (or are separated) and are living in separate households, each household must complete their own CSS Profile. Your noncustodial parent must create a personal College Board student account to log in and complete a separate CSS Profile online. The College Board provides instructions (PDF) for your noncustodial parent to create their own account. If your noncustodial parent is remarried, your stepparent's information must be included. To maintain confidentiality, you and your custodial parent should not share your College Board account password with your noncustodial parent. If you have no contact with your noncustodial parent, you may complete a request to waive this requirement (PDF) . Securely submit the waiver petition and supporting documentation through IDOC or directly to the Office of Financial Aid . Submit Required Documents Through IDOC After completing the CSS profile, use the College Board IDOC service to submit a signed and dated copy of your custodial parents' federal tax return (including schedules) and W-2(s), as applicable. Spring transfers applying to enroll at Grinnell College in spring 2027 should submit 2024 tax documents. All others applying to enroll at Grinnell College in fall 2027 should submit 2025 tax documents. Instructions are provided on the College Board website immediately after you submit the CSS Profile. Federal Student Aid ID Create FSA IDs for you and at least one (custodial) parent. These separate usernames and passwords will be used to complete and sign the FAFSA. Creating and Using the FSA ID (PDF) and the Federal Student Aid website offer additional information. You can set up an FSA ID any time. Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Spring transfers applying to enroll at Grinnell College in spring 2027 should complete the 2026-27 FAFSA. All others applying to enroll at Grinnell College in fall 2027 should complete the 2027-28 FAFSA. The FAFSA is available on Oct. 1 annually. Complete the FAFSA to determine your eligibility for all federal and state financial aid, such as the Federal Pell Grant, Federal Direct Loans, and Iowa Tuition Grant. If you are unsure of which parent(s) to report on the FAFSA, consult the instructions within the FAFSA. Grinnell's school code is 001868. Attention: These steps are required to apply for Grinnell College-funded financial aid. If you wish to apply only for federally funded financial aid, such as the Federal Pell Grant, Federal Work-Study, and the Federal Direct Student Loan, only the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is required. What's next? Admitted students who have met their application deadline are notified of financial aid eligibility when they receive their admission decision. Grinnell College is committed to using the principles and standards of the College Cost Transparency Initiative in its student financial aid offer. We encourage all admitted domestic students and those assisting them with paying for college to review Grinnell's financial aid policies and principles (PDF) . Back to top International Students Grinnell College has a need-aware admission policy for international students and is committed to meeting 100% of each admitted student's institutionally-determined financial need with a combination of grants and student employment. The College requires a clear and honest submission of family financial resources to determine an applicant's aid eligibility. Applying for Financial Aid Follow the instructions that are appropriate for you below. Contact us if you have questions. I Do Not Plan To Apply for Need-Based Financial Aid Indicate on the Common Application that you do not intend to apply for need-based financial aid. You must then submit a financial aid intent confirmation form in the Grinnell application portal to affirm that you do not intend to apply for need-based financial aid and understand the financial commitment of not applying for need-based financial aid. Grinnell will not consider applications for financial aid from international students after they are admitted to the College. As part of the application for admission, all applicants needing financial assistance are required to accurately and thoroughly complete the financial aid application process. If you do not apply for financial aid for your first year, you cannot request it in future years. As part of the application for admission, all applicants needing financial assistance are required to complete the CSS Profile or ISAFA thoroughly and accurately. I Plan To Apply for Need-Based Financial Aid International applicants applying for need-based financial aid must complete the CSS Profile , which is available on Oct. 1 annually. Spring transfers applying to enroll at Grinnell College in spring 2027 should complete the 2026-27 CSS Profile. All others applying to enroll at Grinnell College in fall 2027 should complete the 2027-28 CSS Profile. Find answers to FAQs on the College Board's website . Note: Grinnell does not provide fee waivers for the CSS profile. If you cannot complete the CSS Profile, Grinnell's International Student Application for Financial Assistance (ISAFA) may be submitted instead. The ISAFA is an online form in your Grinnell application portal , which is created after you submit your Common Application. PDFs are not accepted. Please do not send other documents that are not required, including the Certification of Finances. Your financial aid eligibility is not reevaluated each year, and requests for additional assistance are not accepted. What's next? Admitted students who have met their application deadline are notified of financial aid eligibility when they receive their admission decision. We encourage all admitted international students and those assisting them with paying for college to review Grinnell's financial aid policies and principles (PDF) . Back to top Domestic Noncitizen Students Grinnell College practices need-blind admission for domestic noncitizen applicants (this includes undocumented applicants), admitting academically qualified students regardless of financial need. We meet 100% of the demonstrated institutional need of all admitted students with work-study, grants, and scholarships. Complete the following steps by the published deadline to apply for need-based financial aid. Common Application Indicate your intent to apply for need-based financial aid. CSS Profile Spring transfers applying to enroll at Grinnell College in spring 2027 should complete the 2026-27 CSS Profile. All others applying to enroll at Grinnell College in fall 2027 should complete the 2027-28 CSS Profile. The CSS Profile is available on Oct. 1 annually. Grinnell College's code is 6252. A fee is charged to submit the CSS Profile, but it is automatically waived for some students. Find answers to FAQs on the College Board's website . If your biological/adoptive parents are not married (or are separated) and are living in separate households, each household must complete their own CSS Profile. Your noncustodial parent must create a personal College Board student account to log in and complete a separate CSS Profile online. The College Board provides instructions (PDF) for your noncustodial parent to create their own account. If your noncustodial parent is remarried, your stepparent's information must be included. To maintain confidentiality, you and your custodial parent should not share your College Board account password with your noncustodial parent. If you have no contact with your noncustodial parent, you may complete a request to waive this requirement (PDF) . Securely submit the waiver petition and supporting documentation through IDOC or directly to the Office of Financial Aid . Submit Required Documents Through IDOC After completing the CSS profile, use the College Board IDOC service to submit a signed and dated copy of your custodial parents' federal tax return (including schedules) and W-2(s), as applicable. Spring transfers applying to enroll at Grinnell College in spring 2027 should submit 2024 tax documents. All others applying to enroll at Grinnell College in fall 2027 should submit 2025 tax documents. Instructions are provided on the College Board website immediately after you submit the CSS Profile. What's next? Admitted students who have met their application deadline will receive notification of financial aid eligibility with their admission decision. Back to top QuestBridge National College Match Applicants Students who intend to apply to Grinnell College through the QuestBridge National College Match program should complete the following step(s) by Nov. 1. Domestic and Eligible Noncitizen Students Federal Student Aid ID Create FSA IDs for you and at least one (custodial) parent, if applicable. These separate usernames and passwords will be used to complete and sign the FAFSA. Creating and Using the FSA ID (PDF) and the Federal Student Aid website offer additional information. You can set up an FSA ID any time. Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Complete the 2027-28 FAFSA. The FAFSA is available on Oct. 1 annually. If you are unsure of which parent(s) to report on the FAFSA, consult the instructions within the FAFSA. Grinnell's school code is 001868. The CSS Profile is not required for domestic and eligible noncitizen students who apply to Grinnell College through QuestBridge National College Match program. International and Domestic Noncitizen (Including Undocumented) Students Complete the 2027-28 CSS Profile . The CSS Profile is available on Oct. 1 annually. Grinnell College's code is 6252. A fee is charged to submit the CSS Profile, but it is automatically waived for some students. Find answers to FAQs on the College Board's website . If your biological/adoptive parents are not married (or are separated) and are living in separate households, each household must complete their own CSS Profile. Your noncustodial parent must create a personal College Board student account to log in and complete a separate CSS Profile online. The College Board provides instructions (PDF) for your noncustodial parent to create their own account. If your noncustodial parent is remarried, your stepparent's information must be included. To maintain confidentiality, you and your custodial parent should not share your College Board account password with your noncustodial parent. If you have no contact with your noncustodial parent, you may complete a request to waive this requirement (PDF) . Securely submit the waiver petition and supporting documentation directly to the Office of Financial Aid . What's next? Students who match with Grinnell and who have met their application deadline will receive notification of their financial aid eligibility in early December. Review the QuestBridge National Match Tip Sheet (PDF) for more information. Students who do not match with Grinnell and who wish to apply through a different admission round should follow the instructions according to their citizenship status to complete any additional steps to apply for financial aid. Back to top Request Info Visit Apply 1115 8th Avenue Grinnell, IA 50112 641-269-4000 Directions and Map Museum of Art Athletics Bookstore Careers Policies PRIVACY STATEMENT Consumer Information Sexual Respect Web Accessibility Statement Facebook Instagram Linkedin Tiktok Youtube Nondiscrimination Statement: Grinnell College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, religion, disability, creed or any other protected class, in admission, employment, housing, education, services, and all other activities of the College. For additional information, see the full policy We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services. To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "I Agree." For more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy. I Agree Privacy Policy