Skip to main content Top Nav - Audience Nav Students Current Students Academic Resources Living on Campus Social Connections Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety Career Exploration and Preparation Families Academics Campus Life Financial Services Health, Wellness, & Safety News, Events, and Communications Travel and Transportation Visitors Dining Lodging Recreation Shopping EV Charging Faculty and Staff GrinnellShare Academic Catalog Dean's Office Alumni Alumni Community Giving to Grinnell Volunteering News and Awards Events College Resources Top Bar - Utility Links - Left Visit Apply Give Top Bar - Utility Links - Right News Calendar Careers People Search Button Expand/Collapse Menu About Grinnell Expand Grinnell at a Glance Land Acknowledgement Leadership and Administration Social Innovator in Residence Grinnell College Poll Admission and Aid Expand Why Grinnell Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance Visit Grinnell Apply to Grinnell Academics Expand Majors, Concentrations, and Career Pathways The Academic Experience Global Learning Centers, Programs, and Resources Libraries Academic Advising at Grinnell Life at Grinnell Expand Distinctly Grinnellian Student Life Athletics Arts & Culture Beyond Campus Health, Wellness, & Recreation Transportation Civic Engagement Student Organizations After Grinnell Expand Center for Careers, Life, and Service Graduate Outcomes Grinnellians Around the Globe Alumni Outcomes Stories Alumni Requirements and Deadlines Expand In This Section First-Year Applicants Requirements and Deadlines Early Decision Applicants Submitting Recommendations and Portfolios Partnerships QuestBridge Laurel Scholarship and Mentorship Program President's Scholarship for Community Building Requesting a Gap Year Waitlist Information FAQs for Domestic Students Home Admission and Aid Apply to Grinnell First-Year Applicants Requirements and Deadlines So you are interested in applying to Grinnell. As a Common Application and QuestBridge School with no fee to apply and no required supplement, the application process for Grinnell is incredibly streamlined. We do have some required materials, as well as optional ones, too. Required Materials In addition to the Common Application or QuestBridge Application (both of which include your essay and your list of extracurricular activities), you'll need to submit: 2 teacher evaluations (we prefer the Common Application Teacher Recommendation forms) Secondary/high school counselor recommendation (we prefer the Common Application Counselor Recommendation form). Home-school applicants may have a parent complete this form. Common Application Secondary School Report. Home-school applicants may have a parent complete this form. Official copy of your secondary/high school transcript with original stamp, signature, or seal All students enrolling are required to have a high school diploma, the recognized equivalent of a high school diploma, or be beyond the age of compulsory school attendance in the State of Iowa. Optional Materials Preliminary Application Want to get a jump start on your application? Get your name into our database early and demonstrate your interest in Grinnell by submitting the Preliminary Application . The Preliminary Application is an optional part of the application process and allows you to receive more information about timelines, scholarships, events in your area, and the college search process. Submit your Preliminary Application (seasonal availability) ACT or SAT Scores Students applying for first-year admission are not required to submit an ACT and/or SAT test score. Applicants are required to inform us whether or not they will submit a test score by their respective application deadline. Students are not permitted to change their test score preference after their respective application deadline. Applicants who choose to apply with an ACT and/or SAT may submit either official or self-reported scores to Grinnell College. We will consider your best superscored ACT composite scores and your best superscored SAT math and evidence-based reading and writing (ERW) scores. Students who choose to apply with an ACT test score are not required to submit the science portion of the exam. All enrolling students who applied with a self-reported test score will be required to submit an official test score prior to arriving on campus. For more information about submitting a standardized test score, please visit the "Standardized Testing" portion of this webpage. International students whose native languages do not include English and/or whose primary language of high school instruction has not been English will still be required to submit an official record of an approved English proficiency exam. Short Answer Supplement We value the opportunity to learn more about you and what you would contribute to our community. You can tell us more about your background and fit for Grinnell through a short, optional writing prompt: Grinnell's core values include supporting a diverse community that is respectful, egalitarian, and committed to the common good. How might your background, respect for the lived experiences of others, and/or eagerness to be exposed to new perspectives equip you to thrive at Grinnell and serve the common good? Your response should be a minimum of 200 words and no more than 450 words. This prompt is optional , but recommended. Once you submit your Common Application or QuestBridge application, you will be able to submit your response to the prompt through your online application portal. The short answer prompt may change from year to year. Show Us Your Interest We understand that you have a lot of factors to weigh as you research which college might be the right fit for you. We encourage you to learn all that you can about Grinnell by visiting in person or virtually , meeting an admission counselor in your area, and requesting an interview. Not only do these opportunities allow you to be more informed about Grinnell's offerings, but they will have the added bonus of strengthening your application. While we understand there are multiple factors that may influence your ability to take part in these activities, it is important for the admission committee to see that you are indeed interested in Grinnell. Portfolios for Art and Music Grinnell does not require auditions or portfolio reviews for students planning to pursue a degree in the arts. However, you are welcome to submit your work for review by the admission staff. If you wish to submit supplemental materials, including writing samples, you may do so only after you have submitted your Common Application. To submit supplemental materials, please use the "Edit Portfolio" link on your applicant status page. Deadlines Application Deadlines 2026-27 Early Decision I Early Decision II Regular Decision Application Deadline Nov. 15 Jan. 5 Jan. 15 Admission Notification Deadline mid-late December early February late March/early April Deposit Due Jan. 5 Feb. 20 May 1 All first-year domestic students are considered for merit scholarships ranging up to $30,000. There is no separate application for merit scholarships, but priority consideration is given to domestic students who submit their Common Application or QuestBridge application for admission by Dec. 1. Financial aid for first-year international students is primarily given out through grants, which meet 100% of their demonstrated financial need. International students are also considered for merit scholarships ranging up to $28,000, though this process is extremely competitive. There is no separate application for merit scholarships. International Students For international students, a complete application to Grinnell College requires all of the standard application requirements listed at the top of this page as well as: International applicants are also required to demonstrate their English proficiency. An official TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo score report is required for all international applicants whose native languages are not English and/or whose primary languages of high school instruction have not been English. The TOEFL (iBT) score for international students admitted to Grinnell is typically 5 or higher ( 100 or higher on previous scale ). Last year's middle 50% for Duolingo was 125-140. We prefer to see students with IELTS scores of 7.0 or higher. Grinnell's institution code for ordering TOEFL score reports is 6252. Your application for admission will not be considered complete until the appropriate financial forms have been submitted. Please see our International Students FAQs for further details on test submissions, waivers, required financial aid documents, and more. Standardized Testing Students applying for first-year admission are not required to submit an SAT and/or ACT test score. Applicants are required to inform us whether or not they will submit a test score by their respective application deadline. Students are not permitted to change their test score preference after their respective application deadline. Students who choose to apply with an ACT test score are not required to submit the science portion of the exam. Applicants who choose to apply with an SAT and/or ACT test score may submit either official or self-reported scores to Grinnell College. All enrolling students who applied with a self-reported test score will be required to submit an official test score prior to arriving on campus. International applicants are required to demonstrate their English proficiency. An official TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo score report is required for all international applicants whose native languages are not English and/or whose primary languages of high school instruction have not been English. Grinnell does not require AP exam scores, but students may still choose to self-report these scores (if available) on their application. It is not necessary to send in an official score report for AP exams. For information about Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate credit, please review our current policy in the course catalog. If You Choose to Submit a Standardized Test Score You may submit your test scores in any of the following ways: An official score report sent directly from the College Board (SAT) and/or the ACT A verified SAT and/or ACT test score that appears on your official high school transcript A verified SAT and/or ACT score report sent via email from your high school counselor A self-reported test score on the Common Application or QuestBridge Application A self-reported test score through your Applicant Status Page Should you submit a standardized test score? Grinnell practices holistic admission, which means we take a variety of factors into consideration for admission. Whether or not you submit a test score, we will take into serious consideration your high school transcript, including your grades and rigor of courses; personal essay; recommendation letters; and engagement outside of the classroom. If you're wondering whether or not you should submit a standardized test score, we encourage you to consider the following: If you think your scores are an accurate representation of your ability, then you should feel free to submit them. If you feel they are not, then don't submit them. If you get the score you hoped for, and especially if it is above average for Grinnell , submitting the score may help you in the admission process. We consider your test score in context. Even if your score is not above average for Grinnell , but it is for your high school or neighborhood, your score may help you in the admission process. A high SAT or ACT score can offset a low GPA. If you don't submit a score, we have less information about your academic performance. If you have a low GPA but do well on the SAT or ACT, your test score can be an important indicator of your potential to succeed in college-level classes. Home-Schooled Applicants If you were home-schooled, you will have the same application requirements as all other first-year applicants. We welcome additional materials if you feel they will help us to better understand your academic preparation. These materials may include reading lists, a copy of your home-school curriculum, or additional letters of recommendation. Request Info Visit Apply 1115 8th Avenue Grinnell, IA 50112 641-269-4000 Directions and Map Museum of Art Athletics Bookstore Careers Policies PRIVACY STATEMENT Consumer Information Sexual Respect Web Accessibility Statement Facebook Instagram Linkedin Tiktok Youtube Nondiscrimination Statement: Grinnell College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, religion, disability, creed or any other protected class, in admission, employment, housing, education, services, and all other activities of the College. For additional information, see the full policy We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services. To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "I Agree." For more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy. I Agree Privacy Policy