Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Sponsorships Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students Browse: Home / Applying to UBC / Admission requirements / English language competency / Vancouver English language competency English is the primary language of instruction at UBC. All prospective students are required to demonstrate a minimum level of English before they're admitted. More on Admission requirements: Advanced Placement students English language competency Canadian high school students International high school students International Baccalaureate students University or college transfer students Mature students On this page: Nine ways to meet UBC's English language admission requirement Submitting your ELAS documentation Tests that satisfy UBC's English Language Admission Standard International curricula that satisfy the English Language Admission Standard ELAS waiver request process There are nine ways to meet UBC's minimum English Language Admission Standard (ELAS) for an undergraduate degree on the Vancouver campus. The deadline to submit documents showing you meet the ELAS is February 15. If you do not meet this requirement, you may be interested in one of our academic English development programs . Choose a campus: Vancouver Okanagan Nine ways to meet UBC's English language admission requirement Complete four or more consecutive years of recognized, full-time education in English within Canada immediately prior to attending UBC. Complete four or more consecutive years of full-time education in English in a country other than Canada where English is the principal language. These four years must be immediately prior to attending UBC. Achieve a final exam grade of 70% or better on the provincial examination portion of Alberta English Language Arts 30-1, BC English 12 (achieved August 2019 or earlier), or equivalents. Achieve a final grade of 4 or better on Advanced Placement (AP) English Language & Composition or AP Literature & Composition; or achieve a final grade of 5 or better on International Baccalaureate English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature (higher-level or standard-level). Achieve the competence standard indicated by one of the tests of English language proficiency that evaluates skills in listening, reading, speaking, and writing. Successfully complete the equivalent of six credits of transferrable post-secondary first-year English studies at a recognized university in an English-speaking country. You must submit a transcript showing completion of these courses by February 15. For students at North American post-secondary institutions registered in English courses in the January to April term, we will accept a final transcript showing completion of these courses until May 15, if there are spaces left in your degree. Graduate from a recognized degree program at an accredited university at which English is the primary language of instruction in a country where English is the principal language . Attend four or more years at an eligible international secondary school that uses English as the language of instruction but operates in a country where the primary language is not English. These four years must be immediately prior to attending UBC. You will need to submit a transcript as soon as possible to UBC's Undergraduate Admissions Office . Achieve a UBC Certificate in English Language or CEL by completing Level 600 and Level 650 of the UBC English Language Institute's English for Academic Purposes program on UBC's Vancouver campus. If you are fully proficient in English but do not meet any of the nine options listed above, you may request a waiver for the English Language Admission Standard . Submitting your ELAS documentation If you need to submit evidence of English language proficiency, you will receive an email from UBC. If you submit an application that does not have proof of English language proficiency, you will not be evaluated until we receive proof or until a waiver is granted . One of the ways you can do this is to achieve the minimum score on one of the tests listed below. Applicants for the 2026/2027 Winter Session must submit test scores from January 1, 2024 onwards. To submit your evidence of English language proficiency, log in to the Applicant Service Centre to see if your documents are eligible to be uploaded. If that option is not available to you, then please make arrangements for your transcripts to be sent from your school directly to UBC. Visit our Submit your documents page for instructions. Some testing agencies are able to send your results to UBC electronically. Please contact the test centre and select this option if it's available. Tests that satisfy UBC's English Language Admission Standard Unless otherwise stated, the score is the minimum on each part of the examination. You must achieve these minimum scores in a single sitting of the test (scores across multiple instances of a test cannot be used to satisfy minimum component requirements). Applicants for the 2026/2027 Winter Session must submit test scores from January 1, 2024 onwards. Test Minimum score CAEL or CAEL Online Canadian Academic English Language assessment Overall 70 Cambridge English Qualifications B2 First C1 Advanced C2 Proficiency 180 CEL UBC Certificate in English 600 IELTS *IELTS General, IELTS Indicator, and IELTS One Skill Retake are not accepted International English Language Testing System (Academic) 6.5, with no part less than 6.0 PTE Pearson Test of English (Academic) Overall: 65 Reading: 60 Listening: 60 Writing: 60 Speaking: 60 TOEFL or TOEFL iBt Home Edition Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet-based test (UBC's institution code is 0965) Internet based test (1-120): Overall score: 90 Reading: 22 Listening: 22 Writing: 21 Speaking: 21 Internet based test (1-6): Overall score: 4.5 Reading: 4.5 Listening: 5 Writing: 4.5 Speaking: 4 DET Duolingo English Test Overall: 125 Reading: 115 Listening: 115 Writing: 120 Speaking: 120 If you have completed an online English language proficiency test that is not listed in the table above (e.g. IELTS Indicator or other) and you would like us to consider it to satisfy our English Language Admission Standard, please email the test result along with a waiver request by February 15. International curricula that satisfy the English Language Admission Standard You may meet the English Language Admission Standard if you attended a school outside Canada that uses English as the language of instruction and falls into one of the following categories. If you attend a bilingual school, you will need to complete an English waiver request. 1. International Baccalaureate Diploma Program You are currently completing the IB diploma program. You have studied at a school that meets the above criteria for four years and are completing IB higher-level or standard-level English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature. You've studied fewer than four years, but your final grade in IB English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature is 5 or higher. 2. Council of international schools Your school is an accredited member of the Council of International Schools. You have studied at a school that meets the above criteria for four years and are completing the senior or Grade 12 level (non-ESL). 3. Schools that offer regionally accredited US curricula Your school has appropriate US regional accreditation. You have studied at a school that meets the above criteria for four years and are completing the senior or Grade 12 level (non-ESL). You've studied fewer than four years, but your exam grade in Advanced Placement English Language & Composition or Literature & Composition is 4 or higher, or your final grade in IB English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature, higher-level or standard-level, is 5 or higher. 4. Schools that offer full Canadian curricula Your school is provincially authorized to offer the Canadian high school curricula. You have studied at a school that meets the above criteria for four years and have completed the senior or Grade 12 level (non-ESL). You've studied fewer than four years, but your exam grade in Advanced Placement English Language & Composition or Literature & Composition is 4 or higher, or your final grade in IB English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature, higher-level or standard-level, is 5 or higher. 5. British curriculum (A Levels and GCSEs) You achieved a final grade of A or B in A Level English Language or English Literature (non-ESL). The General Paper does not count. 6. Indian secondary school curricula You have achieved a minimum grade of 75% (Indian grading scale) on your senior English subject. UBC will use interim grades (e.g., Grade 12 Term 1 results) if you are currently attending secondary school. UBC will use final Class XII grades if you've graduated from secondary school. Your school is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education or the Council for the Indian School Certificate. You are pursuing or have completed the curriculum leading to either the Indian Senior School Certificate (SSC) or the Indian School Certificate (ISC). UBC reserves the right to exclude schools from exemption. ELAS waiver request process If you do not meet UBC's English Language Admission Standard but believe that you have the proficiency of a native English speaker, you may request to have the requirement waived. Your waiver request must be submitted by February 15 and include: Your student number and full name. A brief letter explaining why you believe the requirement should be waived. A letter of recommendation from your school's English teacher, guidance counsellor, principal, or headmaster, which attests that your level of English proficiency is close to or equal to that of a native speaker. The recommendation should be submitted via email and include the writer's contact information (phone number and email address preferred). It should also include the student's UBC ID number and full name. A transcript of grades, including courses in progress and anticipated grades. This transcript must be emailed by your school, together with their recommendation, to elas.waivers@ubc.ca . Please ensure that your school mentions your full name and student number in the subject of their email. You may also include any additional evidence demonstrating your English competence, such as achievement test scores (e.g., Scholastic Aptitude Test [SAT] scores). Please note: Completed waiver request packages must be emailed to elas.waivers@ubc.ca by February 15. We strongly suggest that you try to meet the requirement through one of the specified means, in case your waiver request cannot be granted. Take the next step Find out how to apply to UBC Apply now More on Admission requirements: Advanced Placement students English language competency Canadian high school students International high school students International Baccalaureate students University or college transfer students Mature students We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility