Skip to main content Search Connect with HKU * Required Fields First Name Last Name Email Current School Country/Region of School - Select - Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile Chinese Mainland Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard & McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé & Príncipe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Curriculum - Select - HKDSE IB GCEAL/IAL SAT/AP Mainland NJCEE (Gao Kao) Others I'm a - Select - Student Parent Teacher/Counsellor Others When will you start at HKU? - Select - 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Which disciplines are you interested in? Architecture Arts Business Dentistry Education Engineering Law Medicine Science Social Sciences Interdisciplinary Studies (BASc Programmes) Dual Degrees and Collaborative Programmes Big-data Programmes Computing and Data Science Innovation and Technology Others... Disclaimer: The information collected will be used by the University for admission-related, academic and statistical purposes. HKU will treat the personal data provided by the user as strictly confidential and will not disclose any personal information provided by the user to any external body or organization unless the user has been informed or it is required to do so by law. Please note the general points pursuant to the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance as set out in the Personal Information Collection Statement and the General Data Protection Regulation . I have read and understood the above stated terms and conditions. CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. HKU Homepage Connect with Us Offer Holders Publications FAQs Search 繁 简 Undergraduate Admissions Explore Global Reputation Why Hong Kong Our Faculties Publications Experience Study at HKU Life at HKU Hear from Our Students Pre-University Programme Programmes Undergraduate Programmes Dual Degrees and University Collaborative Programmes Fees and Scholarships Fees Scholarships Events Apply JUPAS Eligibility Admissions Standards Important Dates Interview Schedules Fees and Scholarships Special Consideration International Qualifications Admissions Standards Important Dates Interview Schedules Talent Search Scheme Fees and Scholarships Information for Counsellors Apply Now Mainland NJCEE (Gao Kao) Admissions Scheme Multi-faceted Excellence Admissions Scheme Fees and Scholarships Important Dates Hong Kong Sub-degrees Programme Information Entrance Requirements Important Dates Fees and Financial Assistance Apply Now Undergraduate Admissions Explore Global Reputation Why Hong Kong Our Faculties Publications Experience Study at HKU Life at HKU Hear from Our Students Pre-University Programme Programmes Undergraduate Programmes Dual Degrees and University Collaborative Programmes Fees and Scholarships Fees Scholarships Events Apply JUPAS Eligibility Admissions Standards Important Dates Interview Schedules Fees and Scholarships Special Consideration International Qualifications Admissions Standards Important Dates Interview Schedules Talent Search Scheme Fees and Scholarships Information for Counsellors Apply Now Mainland NJCEE (Gao Kao) Admissions Scheme Multi-faceted Excellence Admissions Scheme Fees and Scholarships Important Dates Hong Kong Sub-degrees Programme Information Entrance Requirements Important Dates Fees and Financial Assistance Apply Now HKU Homepage Connect with Us Offer Holders Publications FAQs Breadcrumb Home Apply International Qualifications INTERNATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS International/Non-JUPAS Admissions Scheme We are delighted to invite you to apply to study at the University of Hong Kong. Our excellent academic standards, diverse campus, and extensive global programmes are just some of the many reasons why HKU is the leading university for outstanding students in Hong Kong and a favourite destination for bright minds from around the world. Here, you'll find everything you need to apply via our international or non-JUPAS admissions scheme. This section is for: Non-local students with an international qualification or other national examination qualifications other than Mainland China's National Joint College Entrance Examination (NJCEE) or GaoKao. Local students with an international qualification or pending international qualification other than the HKDSE. HKU Statement The University of Hong Kong (HKU) is aware of recent social media posts claiming that it is possible to apply to HKU through an agent, with promises of low entrance requirements and direct admission without standard grades, IELTS or TOEFL scores, undergraduate backgrounds, or other requirements. These claims are totally unfounded and the University reserves the right to pursue legal action against those responsible. HKU does not authorise any intermediary organisations to recruit or admit students in Mainland China, nor does it have a so-called "internal recommendation" mechanism for professors to recommend non-local students for admission. Non-local applicants interested in applying to HKU must directly submit their applications to the University, and only eligible applicants who meet the necessary requirements will be considered for admission. Admissions are competitive and on merit basis. If students are found to have falsified their academic credentials, HKU will take disciplinary action against them in accordance with University Statutes to revoke their student status. About Anti-bribery Legislation in Hong Kong: To understand the integrity culture of Hong Kong and the application of anti-corruption laws in school admission and other aspects of daily life, please visit the "Understanding Integrity in Seconds" webpage of the Independent Commission Against Corruption of Hong Kong. Admissions Standards English Language Requirement Important Dates Interview Schedules Fees and Scholarships Information for Counsellors Apply Now Admissions Standards Your current school is located in ${currentCountry} . Your current qualification is: ${item} ${alaphbat}: ${country} GCE A-level International A-level ${item.qualification_name} ${showQualificationName} None of the above? Show full qualification list ${item} My qualification is not listed If you are transferring from a university locally or abroad, please choose Bachelor's or higher degree If you can't find your qualification here, your academic results will be considered on an individual basis. Applicants who turn 25 on or before 1 September in the year that admission is sought are deemed to have satisfied HKU's entrance requirements. However, meeting the minimum entrance requirements does not guarantee admission. Mature applicants are required to present supporting documents proving academic or non-academic qualifications, work experience, and other relevant information. ${alaphbat}: ${data} Hide full qualification list Please type your interested programme: ${item} or show full programme list ${item} ${programme.programme_name} ${item} ${programme.programme_name} hide full programme list Your interested programme is: ${programmeData.programme_name} ${item} *For details of MBBS(DMS) and MBBS(GET), please refer to the Faculty's official website VIEW PROGRAMME DETAILS Expected Lower Boundary for Admissions Subject Requirements English Language Requirement Additional Requirements Interview Advanced Standing Select Another Programme Admissions decisions to the University's undergraduate degree programmes are made based on academic performance as well as other factors, including interview performance, personal statement, references, other documents submitted to the University, etc. Satisfying the minimum requirements does not guarantee admissions. Important Dates View Details Hide Details 23 Sept 2026 Start your application 25 Nov (noon) 2026 Submit your application for first-round evaluation Applications received by noon (HKT) on this date will be evaluated and shortlisted for first-round evaluation. Students should ensure their predicted or actual results are inputted into the application system for evaluation. For details, please refer to the "Submitting Applications" section. Shortlisted students may be invited for interviews between November and January. * Different faculties and schools might have their own timelines for document submissions. For details, please refer to the faculty or programme websites. After 25 Nov 2026 Submit applications after the first-round evaluation will be reviewed on a rolling basis Applications received after noon (HKT) on this date will be considered on a rolling basis. Interviews will be extended on a case-by-case basis. Students should ensure their predicted or actual results are inputted into the application system for evaluation. For details, please refer to the "Submitting Applications" section. * Different faculties and schools might have their own timelines for document submissions. For details, please refer to the faculty or programme websites. By 1 Dec 2026 Input predicted and/or actual grades and submit supporting documents for first-round evaluation (counsellors and referees) Please input any predicted and/or actual grades and submit any reference and supporting documents by this date for first-round evaluation. The counsellors portal will remain open after this date for submissions. Counsellors are advised to submit any predicted or preliminary results or references within one week of receiving an invitation. * Different faculties and schools might have their own timelines for document submissions. For details, please refer to the faculty or programme websites. From Dec 2026 First-round results to be released If you receive an offer of admission - congratulations! You will be required to indicate your acceptance within three to four weeks. You will be required to pay a non-refundable deposit. Please note Non-local students should allow at least four to six weeks for an assessment and eight to ten weeks for a visa application upon receiving an offer. Our advice is to apply for a visa as soon as you have received a firm or conditional offer. 25 Aug 2027 Applications close at noon (HKT) Interview Schedules See Interview Schedules Submitting Applications Before you submit your application, you are encouraged to carefully review our application guide below. General Information Application Guide FAQ To ensure the stability of the application system, please note that regular upgrade and maintenance will be performed every Wednesday at 10:00am (Hong Kong Time) with a down time between 10:00am to 1:00pm. Please avoid editing or submitting your application during the maintenance period. Applicants must input all their academic results, including both predicted and actual results, into the application system (instead of merely uploading the documents). The purpose of uploading the documents is solely for verification of the academic achievements of the applicant. If it is the counsellor who has access to the predicted/actual results only, the applicant must ensure that the counsellor has inputted them into the system. If the counsellor is unable to do so through the system, he/she shall contact the Admissions Office via email ( counsellors@hku.hk ). Failure to do so may result in application rejection. Please note that the information provided on the website is subject to change. Applicants are recommended to check this website as well as their applicant accounts regularly for any updates or changes to the application information. Apply Now Fees and Scholarships Tuition and Living Expenses We aim to give deserving students from all over the world access to a top-quality education that opens doors globally, regardless of means or background. You (or your parents) only need to pay a fraction of the cost of education in Hong Kong, even though our educational standards are at an international level. Check Tuition Fee and Living Cost Scholarships HKU offers a broad range of merit-based scholarships that support outstanding undergraduate students with one-off payments and provide renewable financial assistance for tuition and living expenses. Find My Scholarships Guidance for Counsellors HKU has a dedicated portal for nominated counsellors to help them navigate the application process with step-by-step guides and frequently asked questions. You can invite a teacher or counsellor to oversee your application, confirm your academic results, upload supporting documents, and review other details about your application. More Information for Counsellors DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-Cambridge Undergraduate Recruitment Scheme Spend two years in Hong Kong followed by three years in Cambridge and earn a Bachelor of Engineering from HKU and both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Engineering from the University of Cambridge upon successful completion of this five-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-PKU Future Leaders Dual Degree Programme Spend two years at HKU followed by two years at Peking University to obtain a Bachelor of Economics and Finance from HKU and a Bachelor of Management from PKU upon completion of this four-year programme. Explore More Apply Now Contact Us Privacy Publications Sitemap Copyright © 2026 Admissions Office, The Registry, The University of Hong Kong. All rights reserved. HKDSE Students International Students HKDSE students International students HKDSE Students International Students HKDSE students International students Contact Us Privacy Publications Sitemap Copyright © 2026 Admissions Office, The Registry, The University of Hong Kong. All rights reserved.