Home Discover Tsinghua Advantages Faculty Internationalization Global Strategy Campus Life Campus Map Admission Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ English Taught Programs Students Service Accommodation Admission， VISA application & Registration International Students & Scholars Center Students Ambassador Divisions Apply Admission Home . Admission . Application Procedures Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ Application Procedures 1. Online Application 1.1 Create an account in the Online Application System. 1.2 Complete the application form within the designated application periods. 1.3 Upload all documents as required. (see: List of Documents to be Uploaded in the Online Application System ) 1.4 Pay the non-refundable application fee (800 RMB) online and submit the application. 2. Comprehensive Evaluation 2.1 Document Screening Applications that are complete and accurate will be reviewed by Tsinghua University. 2.2 Comprehensive Assessment 2.2.1 Applicants who pass the Document Screening will be invited to participate in the Comprehensive Assessment. The method and schedule of the Comprehensive Assessment will be informed in advance. 2.2.2 For applicants to the Arts Division (Design & Fine Arts) or the Architecture Division, a portfolio review will be required. 2.2.3 Applicants to the programs in the Arts Division will be notified separately regarding the specific assessment arrangements. 2.3 Original Documents Verification and Foreign Affairs Verification Throughout the entire admissions process, Tsinghua University will conduct multiple rounds of review to verify whether the original application materials submitted by applicants are authentic and meet the eligibility requirements, and whether the applicants' foreign nationality status complies with the relevant regulations of the Chinese government and the university. If, at any time during the admissions process, an applicant's original application materials or foreign nationality status are found and determinednot to meet the requirements, the applicant will be deemed ineligible, and the admissions process will be terminated. 3. Admission Decision and Offer Admission decisions are made based on a holistic evaluation of academic performance, language proficiency, supporting materials, and the results of the Comprehensive Assessment. Attachment: Admissions Office Haidian District, Beijing, 100084 P. R. China Tel: +86-10-62783100 Fax: +86-10-62770837 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://international.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/ Tsinghua Official Website: http://www.tsinghua.edu.cn Online Application System: http://apply.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/international International Students and Scholars Center (for foreign citizenship verification inquiry) Email: iso-undergrad@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn WeChat Tsinghua University WeChat Admissions Office Tsinghua University Copyright © 2020 Tsinghua University, All Rights Reserved