Home Discover Tsinghua Advantages Faculty Internationalization Global Strategy Campus Life Campus Map Admission Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ English Taught Programs Students Service Accommodation Admission， VISA application & Registration International Students & Scholars Center Students Ambassador Divisions Apply Admission Home . Admission . Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ Freshmen Scholarships To better support and assist international undergraduate students in their development at Tsinghua, the university actively promotes international exchange and cooperation. In accordance with relevant policies, the university encourages international freshmen to apply for scholarships such as the Chinese Government Scholarship, and Tsinghua University Institutional Scholarships. For detailed information, please refer to the Undergraduate Admissions website and relevant announcements. 1. Chinese Government Scholarship The Chinese Government Scholarship is administered through the China Scholarship Council (CSC) . The scholarship application should be directed to the local Chinese Embassy or Consulate (Type A). The application period is usually from November 202 6 to April 202 7 (var ying from country to country). Please find out the application information of your country in advance. For the contacts of Chinese Embassies and Consulates, please visit the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China . When completing the scholarship application form, the applicant should select Tsinghua University as the first priority institution. The applicant should also meet the Eligibility requirements mentioned above. 2 Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Freshmen Scholarship Tsinghua University actively seeks donations from overseas alumni and corporations to support the academic development and personal growth of international students. The university has established Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Freshm e n Scholarship to further this goal. In 2026, approximately 45% of international undergraduate freshmen were awarded this scholarship. Outstanding international freshmen who apply for and are awarded the scholarship through the application system will receive financial support for their first academic year, including full-tuition, half-tuition, and partial-tuition scholarships. During their second, third, and fourth academic years, students may continue to apply for other types of scholarships , including the Beijing Government Scholarship , in accordance with Tsinghua University ' s scholarship management regulations for international students and based on their overall performance. The freshmen scholarships mentioned above are mutually exclusive; recipients of any one of these scholarships may not apply for and receive any other scholarships of the same type. Attachment: Admissions Office Haidian District, Beijing, 100084 P. R. China Tel: +86-10-62783100 Fax: +86-10-62770837 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://international.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/ Tsinghua Official Website: http://www.tsinghua.edu.cn Online Application System: http://apply.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/international International Students and Scholars Center (for foreign citizenship verification inquiry) Email: iso-undergrad@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn WeChat Tsinghua University WeChat Admissions Office Tsinghua University Copyright © 2020 Tsinghua University, All Rights Reserved