Home Discover Tsinghua Advantages Faculty Internationalization Global Strategy Campus Life Campus Map Admission Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ English Taught Programs Students Service Accommodation Admission， VISA application & Registration International Students & Scholars Center Students Ambassador Divisions Apply Admission Home . Admission . FAQ Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ FAQ 1. What's the eligibility for international applicants for the undergraduate programs? A: Applicants must satisfy the following requirements: 1.1. Applicants must be foreign nationals who do not hold Chinese nationality in accordance with the Nationality Law of the People's Republic of China. At the time of application, applicants must hold a valid foreign passport or other valid proof of foreign nationality. (Please see: Eligibility Instructions for Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Applicants (Nationality Status) 2027 ). 1.2. Applicants should be in good physical and mental health, demonstrate goodwill toward China, and hold a valid high school graduation certificate. The educational qualification must have been obtained through full-time, in-person education. 1.3. Academic performance Outstanding academic performance. Proof should be provided through (but not limited to) the following document(s): 1.3.1 High school/University (if applicable) transcripts (in Chinese or English) 1.3.2 Certificate of National/Regional Graduation Examination/Matriculation Examination. 1.3.3 Results of international standard tests (e.g. CSCA/SAT/ACT/A-Level/AP/IB/others) or International STEM Test. 1.3.4 Other supporting materials. 1.4. Language proficiency: 1.4.1 For English-Taught Programs: Applicants are not required to provide proof of Chinese language proficiency. Applicants must have a high level of English language proficiency. For those with a native language other than English, a test report of English language proficiency will need to be provided (e.g. TOEFL/IELTS/others). 1.4.2 For Chinese-English Taught Programs: Chinese language proficiency of HSK Level 5 or above, with each subject scored over 60 points. Applicants whose native language is Chinese or can provide proof of studying at a high school where the teaching language is Chinese, can apply for HSK test waiver in the Online Application System for further approval by Tsinghua University. In addition, applicants must have a high level of English language proficiency. For those with a native language other than English, a test report of English language proficiency will need to be provided (e.g. TOEFL/IELTS/others). 1.5. Aged 18 or above (by September 1, 2025). For the applicants under 18, please bring the relevant supporting documents to the official registration (Please see List of Documents to be uploaded in the Online Application System for detail s). 1.6. The conditions set by the Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC and Eligibility Instructions for Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Applicants Nationality Status 2027 should be met. 2. If I am a Chinese citizen with permanent residence of a foreign country, am I eligible to apply? A: Sorry, you are not eligible. Undergraduate Programs of Tsinghua University (Admission for International Applicants) applies to foreign citizens only. 3. If I have given up my original Chinese citizenship and become a foreign citizen, may I apply for the undergraduate programs? A: For those who have given up their original Chinese citizenship and become foreign citizens, the conditions set by the Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC and Eligibility Instructions for Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Applicants Nationality Status 2027 should be met. 4. If I have a GED/high school equivalency certificate/vocational baccalaureate instead of a high school diploma, am I still eligible to apply? A: Tsinghua University's international student admissions is based on an application and review system, and one of the eligibility requirements is that applicants must hold a high school diploma. A GED/high school equivalency certificate/vacational baccalaureate cannot substitute for a high school diploma. we are sorry but the relevant certificate's holder is not eligible to apply. 5. Is it mandatory to provide CSCA exam scores when applying Tsinghua? Which CSCA subjects should be taken? A: No, Tsinghua University does not require CSCA exam scores for the 2026 intake. All academic records and exams listed in the " Academic Performance " section are accepted. If you wish to submit CSCA scores, it is recommended to include at least mathematics and physics or follow the Instruction in the Division page. 6. How does the Comprehensive Evaluation system work? A: First step: Online Application: 1) Create an account in the Online Application System; 2) Complete the application form during the application periods; 3) Upload the documents as required; 4) Submit the application and pay the application fee (800 RMB) online. Second step: Comprehensive Evaluation: 1) Document Screening: applications submitted will be evaluated by the experts panel; 2) Comprehensive Assessment: applicants who have passed the Application Review will be admitted to the comprehensive assessment. Test(s) for Arts Division applicants will be notified in advance. Applicants who apply for Architecture Division will go through the portfolio review. 3） Original Documents Verification and Foreign Affairs Verification Throughout the entire admissions process, Tsinghua University will conduct multiple rounds of review to verify whether the original application materials submitted by applicants are authentic and meet the eligibility requirements, and whether the applicants' foreign nationality status complies with the relevant regulations of the Chinese government and the university. If, at any time during the admissions process, an applicant's original application materials or foreign nationality status are found and determinednot to meet the requirements, the applicant will be deemed ineligible, and the admissions process will be terminated. The admission decision is based on a comprehensive evaluation of performance in high school, language ability, supporting materials as well as integrative test (if applicable). 7. Is there any difference among the two rounds of application? A: There is no difference in application procedures among the two rounds, despite that the time of the application, the date of interview and the results issuance are different. Applicants who want to apply for Design/Fine Arts programs in Arts Division, must apply in the first round， Applicant who want to apply for Tsinghua University-The Chinese University of Hong Kong Dual Undergraduate Degree Programme in Economics must apply in the second round. Other applicants are welcome to apply in any round. 8. Is it necessary to have graduation certificate of high school when I apply? A: Certificate of expected graduation (the expected graduation time should be indicated) issued by the high school that will issue the diploma with (for applicants who will graduate from high school by August 2027) is needed. Also, the graduation certificate is required to be obtained before you register for semester. 9. Why is HSK level 5 the minimum requirement of Chinese language proficiency? A: The undergraduate programs are mainly delivered in Chinese and English. Thus a good command of Chinese guarantees international students in knowledge understanding and daily communication with classmates. Meanwhile, in order to improve the Chinese proficiency (listening, speaking, reading, and writing) of international undergraduate students, a series of Chinese language courses will be offered. "General Situation of China" is also provided to help promote a better understanding of China. 10. Where can I check the HSK Test Centers? A: HSK Test is held by Center for Language Education and Cooperation (CLEC). The test centers are all over the world. Test takers can check the nearest test center at http://www.chinesetest.cn/ChangeLan.do?languge=en&t=1563436128335 . 11. Is TOEFL or IELTS required for applicants whose native language is not English? A: TOEFL/IELTS or any other English proficiency test may be used. 12. Why are the Financial Sponsor Form and the Employment or Income Certificate required? A: Those are necessary forms when the applicant is applying for the Chinese Visa. 13. Do the applicants need to provide the original documents? When to provide them? A: Yes, all the original copies of the documents provided in the Online Application System should be submitted to the integrative test/official registration. Tsinghua University will check all the documents. If any certificate provided proves to be fake, Tsinghua University will terminate the integrative test/admission of the applicants. 14. How does Tsinghua recruit and cultivate students? A: Starting from 2017, Tsinghua begins to integrate programs/majors into divisions and recruit students of undergraduate programs by division. There are 11 divisions and 11 colleges that are open to international students. 15. What is the study mode for international undergraduate students? A: International undergraduate students take the classes together with Chinese students, except for some courses which are open to international students only. 16. Is there any undergraduate program in Tsinghua University that is fully delivered in English? A: Global Talents in Science and Engineering Program, Urban Regeneration and Design Program, Politics, Economics and Sociology for Global Leaders in Smart Society Program and Tsinghua University- The Chinese University of Hong Kong Dual Undergraduate Degree Programme in Economics are fully delivered in English. The other undergraduate programs are mainly delivered in Chinese and English. In addition, there are up to 200 courses taught in English or bilingually. 17. Does Tsinghua University accept transfer students? A: Sorry, Tsinghua University doesn't accept any transfer student. 18. Are there any kind of entrance tutorial class in Tsinghua University? A: No, Tsinghua University doesn't hold any kind of entrance tutorial class in any form. The Admissions Office of Tsinghua University never holds or cooperates with any individual, company or institution to organize any form of profitable training activities related to application issues. 19. How to apply for visa and dormitory? A: The formal Admission Notice and the entrance guidance documents (including the information about visa and dormitory) will be sent to the admitted applicants. Please read carefully and follow the instructions. Please complete visa and dormitory application in the required period. 20. For the applicants under 18 (by September 1, 2026), what materials are required for applying for residence permit after register at Tsinghua University? A: Applicants under 18 (by September 1, 2026) must provide a certificate identifying a legal guardian in China. Guardian may be any nationality and must have a source of income. Please refer to the entrance guide for the documentations needed when applicant is applying for a residence permit. 21. About scholarships A: For Chinese Government Scholarship, please refer to the official website of the Scholarship Council of China (Study Abroad in China: http://campuschina.org/ ); The outstanding international undergraduate freshmen can apply for Tsinghua University Institutional Scholarship (full, half or partial) for the first academic year. There are still many scholarship opportunities after enrollment. Attachment: Admissions Office Haidian District, Beijing, 100084 P. R. China Tel: +86-10-62783100 Fax: +86-10-62770837 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://international.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/ Tsinghua Official Website: http://www.tsinghua.edu.cn Online Application System: http://apply.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/international International Students and Scholars Center (for foreign citizenship verification inquiry) Email: iso-undergrad@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn WeChat Tsinghua University WeChat Admissions Office Tsinghua University Copyright © 2020 Tsinghua University, All Rights Reserved