Home Discover Tsinghua Advantages Faculty Internationalization Global Strategy Campus Life Campus Map Admission Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ English Taught Programs Students Service Accommodation Admission， VISA application & Registration International Students & Scholars Center Students Ambassador Divisions Apply Admission Home . Admission . Undergraduate Programs Overview Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ Undergraduate Programs Overview With the central task of talent cultivation, Tsinghua aims to cultivate people who shoulder the mission and strive for excellence through a "Three-Pronged Approach" by integrating the shaping of values, the cultivation of skills and the imparting of knowledge. Students are expected to develop five essential qualities, namely, well-rounded character, solid and broad academic foundation, innovative thinking, global perspective, and social commitment, achieving a combination of comprehensive development and individual growth. Through optimizing undergraduate programs, developing quality undergraduate courses and continuously improving the quality of undergraduate education, Tsinghua builds an undergraduate education system based on general education and integrates general education with disciplinary specialization to help students to become highly competent, high-level, diversified and creative talents. Tsinghua offers 93 undergraduate majors and 45 minors, covering 12 discipline categories, namely, science, engineering, literature, art, history, philosophy, economics, management, law, education, medicine, and cross-disciplinary. As a comprehensive university, the structure and overall arrangement of Tsinghua are characterized by engineering majors with collective advantages, literature, science, management, and law majors with distinctive features, cross-disciplinary majors with diverse forms, and adapting to the needs of China's development. Tsinghua's undergraduate education is nothing less than exceptional. The undergraduate programs of Tsinghua University support its graduates to be well-rounded citizens and committed leaders in diversity and global citizenship who are passionate about improving the world around them with strong interdisciplinary knowledge, outstanding competencies, and high moral standards. Tsinghua designs and develops distinctive undergraduate programs that encourage students to enquire and affirm undergraduate research opportunities, along with the concept that merging three educational dimensions-attributes, skills and knowledge-into undergraduate education through educational practices. Continuing Tsinghua's long tradition of "Self-Discipline and Social Commitment" through continually improving educational practices, Tsinghua's graduates absorb the school's spirits and are educated as critical thinkers and creative talents with solid knowledge, horizontal vision, and a pervasive commitment to social welfare. Attachment: Admissions Office Haidian District, Beijing, 100084 P. R. China Tel: +86-10-62783100 Fax: +86-10-62770837 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://international.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/ Tsinghua Official Website: http://www.tsinghua.edu.cn Online Application System: http://apply.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/international International Students and Scholars Center (for foreign citizenship verification inquiry) Email: iso-undergrad@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn WeChat Tsinghua University WeChat Admissions Office Tsinghua University Copyright © 2020 Tsinghua University, All Rights Reserved