Home Discover Tsinghua Advantages Faculty Internationalization Global Strategy Campus Life Campus Map Admission Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ English Taught Programs Students Service Accommodation Admission， VISA application & Registration International Students & Scholars Center Students Ambassador Divisions Apply Home . English Taught Programs . Tsinghua University Zhishan College Politics, Economics and Sociology for Global Leaders in Smart Society Program Admission Guide 2027 2026-09-24 Zhishan College is Tsinghua University's undergraduate college for social sciences . It is established as a key initiative to reform undergraduate education and answer the challenges of smart society. Leveraging Tsinghua's strengths in social and data sciences , the College presents a comprehensive " Politics, Economics and Sociology × Data " (PES × D) approach and integrates AI for Social Sciences (AI4SS) into undergraduate education . By cooperating with international organisations and corporations through Tsinghua's fast-expanding international connections, Zhishan College equips students with a variety of developmental opportunities within a global-oriented educational setting , and aims to educate top social sciences talents with strong global competency. The Politics, Economics and Sociology for Global Leaders in Smart Society Program (English-taught) is a flagship undergraduate program in social sciences designed for outstanding students worldwide. The program aims to educate the next generation of global leaders whose cross-cultural vision, interdisciplinary collaboration skills , and leadership will make great contributions to politics, entrepreneurship , and academia. It brings together Tsinghua University's excellent faculty, offering comprehensive academic and practical education , and preparing students with cutting-edge social sciences training for humanity ' s shared future in global smart society. 1. Program Highlights Students will be trained according to a multi-disciplinary curriculum that integrates political science, economics, sociology, and international relations. Based on their choice, students will obtain Bachelor of Economics (in Economics) or Bachelor of Laws ( in Political Science and Public Administration, I nternational Politics, or Sociology), upon successfully meeting degree requirements. Core courses involve T h e Logic of Politics, Principles of Economics, Sociology of Global History, Understanding International Relations, Macroeconomics, Microeconomics, Chinese Political Economy, International System and International Order, Probability and Statistics, Foundations of Computer Programming, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence , Towards Artificial General Intelligence , etc . The program features several practical modules, not least Global Deep Dive and Leadership Fieldwork for Smart Society. Through rich fieldwork opportunities and cultural experiences, students will learn to understand smart society and solve practical problems . Living and studying in this close community of faculty and cohort members, students will develop exceptional skills in communication, teamwork, as well as lifelong learning, enabling them to play critical roles in global governance and international cooperation . 1.1 All instructions of this program are in English. Those who have completed the required courses and passed all assessments and final thesis defense will be awarded bachelor's degree by Tsinghua University. 1.2 Program duration: Four academic years. 1.3 Education Objectives: Students will be grounded in a profound belief in the shared future for humanity and become individuals with cultivated integrity and nurtured vigor in body and mind. Students will be empowered to d evelop an integrated knowledge system combining arts and sciences, characterized by familiarity with foundational theories, skill s in digital technologies, and disposition of interdisciplinary thinking. Students will demonstrate the ability to use quantitative, qualitative, and other analytical tools for academic research ; to identify and solve practical problems ; and to participate in critical thinking , innovative practices, interdisciplinary collaboration , and organized scientific research . Students will also obtain an global perspective and cross-cultural communication skills. 2. Eligibility 2 .1 Applicants must be foreign nationals who do not hold Chinese nationality in accordance with the Nationality Law of the People's Republic of China. At the time of application, applicants must hold a valid foreign passport or other valid proof of foreign nationality (Please see: Eligibility Instructions for Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Applicants (Nationality Status) 2027 ). 2.2 Applicants should be in good physical and mental health, demonstrate goodwill toward China, and hold a valid high school graduation certificate. The high school educational qualification must have been obtained through full-time, in-person education. 2. 3 Academic performance Outstanding academic performance. Proof should be provided by (but not limited to) the following document(s): 2. 3 .1 High school/University (if applicable) transcripts (in Chinese or English). 2. 3 .2 Certificate of National/Regional Graduation Examination/Matriculation Examination (e.g. ATAR/Abitur/BAC/CSAT/UEC/STPM/others) . 2. 3 .3 Results of international standardized tests (e.g. CSCA/SAT/ACT/A-Level/AP/IB/ others). 2.3.4 Other Supporting Materials. 2. 4 Language proficiency Applicants must have a high level of English language proficiency. For those with a native language other than English, a test report of English language proficiency will need to be provided (e.g. TOEFL/IELTS/others). 2. 5 Aged 18 or above (by September 1, 202 7 ). For the applicants under 18, please bring the relevant su pporting documents to the official registration. Applicants under 18 must present a Guarantee Statement of Guardian in China and relevant supporting documents at the time of registration. 2. 6 Applicants must meet the requirements outlined in Document No. 12 (2020) of the Ministry of Education of the People 's Republic of China , as well as Eligibility Instructions for Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Applicants (Nationality Status) 2027 . Applicants who do not meet the above requirements or fail to submit all required materials to the application system in accordance with the Submission Requirements for Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Applicants Regarding Nationality Status Documentation 2027 , will be deemed ineligible to apply. 3. Application Procedures 3.1 Online Application 3.1.1 Create your account in the Online Application System. 3.1.2 Complete the application form during the application period. 3.1.3 Upload the documents as required (see " List of Documents to be Uploaded in the Online Application System " for more details). 3.1.4 Pay the application fee (800 RMB) online and submit the application. 3.2 Comprehensive Evaluation 3.2.1 Document Screening Applications submitted with all the information correct and completed will be evaluated by Tsinghua University. 3.2.2 Comprehensive Assessment Applicants who have passed the document screening will be invited to participate in the Comprehensive Assessment . The method and sched ule of the integrative test will be informed in advance. 3 .2. 3 Original Documents Verification and Foreign Affairs Verification Throughout the entire admissions process, Tsinghua University will conduct multiple rounds of review to verify whether the original application materials submitted by applicants are authentic and meet the eligibility requirements, and whether the applicants' foreign nationality status complies with the relevant regulations of the Chinese government and the university. If, at any time during the admissions process, an applicant's original application materials or foreign nationality status are found not to meet the requirements, the applicant will be deemed ineligible, and the admissions process will be terminated. 3.3 Admission Decision and Offer The admission decision is based on a comprehensive evaluation of academic performance, language ability, supporting materials as well as integrative tests. 4. Schedule 5.1 First Round - Application and Admission Online Application Period (Beijing Time): 8:00 AM September 30, 2026 - 5:00 PM November 20, 2026 Results will be issued by: January, 2027 5.2 Second Round - Application and Admission Online Application Period (Beijing Time): 8:00 AM November 21, 2026-5:00 PM February 28, 2027 Results will be issued by: Early May, 2027 Note: The method and time of each round's Comprehensive Assessment will be informed in advance. 5. Fees 5.1 Application Fee, Tuition, and Medical Insurance (RMB) Tuition Fee (Per Year) Application Fee (one time) Medical Insurance (Per Year) 100,000.00 800.00 800.00 Notes: a. The application fee is not refundable. b. The medical insurance of Tsinghua University covers basic accidental injury and medical expenses for hospitalization. 5.2 Accommodation S tudents will be accommodated in designated buildings on campus. Online reservations must be made within the designated time (availability of rooms is subject to the booking system). For accommodation fees and other details, please refer to the Tsinghua University International Student and Scholar Center website . 6. Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Freshm e n Scholarship Tsinghua University actively seeks donations from overseas alumni and corporations to support the academic development and personal growth of international students. The university has established Tsinghua University International Undergraduate Freshman Scholarship to further this goal. Outstanding international freshmen who apply for and are awarded the scholarship through the application system will receive financial support for their first academic year, including full-tuition, half-tuition, and partial-tuition scholarships. During their second, third, and fourth academic years, students may continue to apply for other types of scholarships, including the Beijing Government Scholarship , in accordance with Tsinghua University ' s scholarship management regulations for international students and based on their overall performance. The freshmen scholarship is exclusive; recipients may not apply for and receive any other scholarships of the same type. 7. Admission Applicants who are granted admission will receive their admission documents from Tsinghua University in June 2027 . 8. Contact Information Admissions Office, Tsinghua University: Address: Haidian District, Beijing 100084, P. R. China Tel: +86-10-62783100 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://international.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/ International Students and Scholars Center (For foreign nationality eligibility review and verification) Email: iso-undergrad@tsinghua.edu.cn Zhishan College, Tsinghua University: Main Building of Tsinghua University, Haidian District, Beijing, 100084, P.R.China Email: zssy@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: https://www.zsc.tsinghua.edu.cn/en/ Admissions Office Haidian District, Beijing, 100084 P. R. China Tel: +86-10-62783100 Fax: +86-10-62770837 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://international.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/ Tsinghua Official Website: http://www.tsinghua.edu.cn Online Application System: http://apply.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/international International Students and Scholars Center (for foreign citizenship verification inquiry) Email: iso-undergrad@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn WeChat Tsinghua University WeChat Admissions Office Tsinghua University Copyright © 2020 Tsinghua University, All Rights Reserved