Home Discover Tsinghua Advantages Faculty Internationalization Global Strategy Campus Life Campus Map Admission Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ English Taught Programs Students Service Accommodation Admission， VISA application & Registration International Students & Scholars Center Students Ambassador Divisions Apply Admission Home . Admission . Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design Undergraduate Programs Overview Eligibility Application Procedures Schedule Fees Freshmen Scholarships Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design FAQ Undergraduate Programs of Academy of Arts & Design Formerly known as the Central Academy of Arts & Design, the Academy merged with Tsinghua University in 1999. With a prestigious heritage dating back to 1956, the Academy of Arts & Design offers a comprehensive range of disciplines, state-of-the-art teaching laboratories, and advanced research infrastructure, and it enjoys an outstanding reputation both nationally and internationally. Currently, the Academy comprises 10 departments offering 20 undergraduate programs. It hosts two first-level arts disciplines, namely Design and Arts, both authorized to confer doctoral degrees. In addition, it offers professional doctoral degree programs in Design and Fine Arts & Calligraphy. The Academy is supported by a highly qualified faculty, including numerous internationally acclaimed practitioners and thought leaders recognized at the forefront of their fields locally and globally. The Academy maintains academic partnerships with over 70 leading institutions across the United States, Italy, the United Kingdom, France, Canada, Singapore, Vietnam and other countries and regions. Every year, dozens of prominent domestic and international scholars are invited to teach courses at the academy. The Tsinghua Arts and Design Institute in Milan (ADIM), officially established in 2018, serves as a strategic European hub for transcultural design education to cultivate international talent. By integrating global educational resources, ADIM offers students interdisciplinary, cross-regional, and cross-cultural learning, researching, and internship opportunities, cultivating innovative talents with global competence to address the challenges of globalization. Tsinghua University is committed to equipping students with a solid knowledge foundation, academic excellence, good personal qualities, innovative thinking, global vision, as well as a strong sense of mission and social responsibility, helping students achieve their full potential through self-development. In line with these goals, the Academy of Arts & Design continuously advances educational reforms to cultivate innovative artistic talent with international perspectives, ambitious dreams, practical skills to meet the needs of the times, and a strong sense of responsibility. Through these efforts, the Academy strives to establish itself as a world-renowned institution in fine arts and design. 1. Eligibility and Application Procedures For details, please refer to: Eligibility for 2027 International Undergraduate Admissions Guide . 2. Application Procedure 2.1 Online Application 2.1.1 Create an account in the Online Application System. 2.1.2 Complete the application form within the designated application periods. 2.1.3 Upload all required documents . (see: List of Uploading Documents in the Online Application System ). For applicants who are applying for Arts Division (Design & Fine Arts) are required to upload a portfolio (the size is A4, and the number of works is around 20). 2.1.4 Pay the non-refundable application fee (RMB 800) online and submit the application. 2.2 Comprehensive Evaluation 2.2.1 Document Screening Applications that are complete and accurate will be reviewed by Tsinghua University. 2.2.2 Professional Proficiency Assessment or Comprehensive Assessment Applicants for Design and Fine Arts who pass the Document Screening will be invited to participate in the Professional Proficiency Assessment . Applicants for Art History who pass the Document Screening will be invited to participate in the Comprehensive Assessment. The method and schedule will be informed in advance. 2.2.3 Original Documents Verification and Foreign Affairs Verification Throughout the entire admissions process, Tsinghua University will conduct multiple rounds of review to verify whether the original application materials submitted by applicants are authentic and meet the eligibility requirements, and whether the applicants ' foreign nationality status complies with the relevant regulations of the Chinese government and the university. If, at any time during the admissions process, an applicant ' s original application materials or foreign nationality status are found and determined not to meet the requirements, the applicant will be deemed ineligible, and the admissions process will be terminated. 2.3 Admission Decision and Offer Admission decisions are made based on a holistic evaluation of academic performance, language proficiency, supporting materials, and the results of the Comprehensive Assessment . For Design and Fine Arts, the admission decision is based on applicants ' performance in the professional proficiency assessment. Those who meet or exceed the minimum admission requirements will be ranked according to their total scores in the assessment , with admission granted on a competitive basis. For Art History, p lease refer to the admission procedures of the Liberal Arts-related Programs of Tsinghua University. 3. Application Deadlines Note: Online application (Beijing Time): Design and Fine Arts are open ONLY in the first round of application, Art History is open in all rounds of application. 3.1 First Round Application and Admission Design and Fine Arts are open ONLY in this round. Online application (Beijing Time): 8:00 AM September 30, 2026 -5:00 PM November 20 , 202 6 The First Round result will be issued by: January, 202 7 3.2 Second Round Application and Admission Only Art History is open in th is period. Online application (Beijing Time): 8:00 AM November 21, 2026 -5:00 PM February 2 8 , 202 7 The Second Round result will be issued by: Early May, 202 7 4. Undergraduate Programs, Arts Division Discipline Duration Note Design Four years *Applicants apply ing for Design and Fine Arts must indicate whether they agree to accept reassignment to another discipline . *Applicants apply ing for Art History can only choose Art History. *Applicants can only apply either under Art History or under Design and Fine Arts. Fine Arts Art History 5. Examination Schedule and Requirements 5.1 Time and form of the examination and interview will be notified later. 5.2 Subject(s) and requirements of the examination Major Subject Score Timing Paper Size Exam Supplies Design & Fine Arts Colour 100 3 hours Octavo gouache, watercolor Drawing 100 3 hours black pencil or charcoal Note： Applicants obtaining a minimum score of 60 in both Color and Sketching will be shortlisted for the interview. 6. Admission The admission documents will be sent to the admitted applicants in June 2027. 7. Contact Information Admissions Office Tsinghua University Tel: +86-10-62783100 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://www.join-tsinghua.edu.cn International Students and Scholars Center (For foreign nationality eligibility review and verification) Email: iso-undergrad@tsinghua.edu.cn The Academy of Arts & Design, Tsinghua University (Programs and Cultivation Inquiries) Tel: +86-10-62798170 Email: myzb@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://www.ad.tsinghua.edu.cn/ Attachment: Admissions Office Haidian District, Beijing, 100084 P. R. China Tel: +86-10-62783100 Fax: +86-10-62770837 Email: admissions@tsinghua.edu.cn Website: http://international.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/ Tsinghua Official Website: http://www.tsinghua.edu.cn Online Application System: http://apply.join-tsinghua.edu.cn/international International Students and Scholars Center (for foreign citizenship verification inquiry) Email: iso-undergrad@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn WeChat Tsinghua University WeChat Admissions Office Tsinghua University Copyright © 2020 Tsinghua University, All Rights Reserved