Office of International Students 留学生中心 Home About BIT BIT at a Glance FAQ Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Postgraduate International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Program Chinese Language Programs Summer & Winter Programs Exchange Students & Study Abroad Program Dual Degree Program Financial & Aid Schools Aerospace Engineering Automation Chemistry and Chemical Engineering Computer Science and Technology Cyberspace Science and Technology Design and Arts Foreign Languages Humanities and Social Sciences Information and Electronics Integrated Circuits and Electronics Law Life Science Management Economics Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistics Mechanical Engineering Mechatronical Engineering Optics and Photonics Physics Medical Technology Education Resources & Offices Contacts Resources Home » About BIT » FAQ FAQ 2026 International Students Admission Book Undergraduate Programs I. About BIT Founded in 1940, Beijing Institute of Technology (BIT) is a top national university in China, recognized under the prestigious "211 Project," "985 Project," and "Double First-Class" initiatives. BIT enjoys a strong reputation both domestically and internationally, as reflected in a series of notable rankings: 259th in the 2026 QS World University Rankings, within the top 102 in the 2025 Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU), 156th in the 2025 U.S. News & World Report Best Global Universities Rankings, and 236th in the 2026 Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings. In addition, BIT ranked 9th among universities in the Chinese Mainland in the QS Global Graduate Employability Rankings 2022. BIT also holds the top spot for Higher General Education Accreditation for International Students in China. Founded in 2001, Beijing Institute of Technology, Zhuhai (BIT Zhuhai) is a high-level international campus established in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area by Beijing Institute of Technology (BIT). Located in the "Golden Inner Bay" and at the heart of the Zhuhai National Hi-Tech Zone, the campus enjoys a prime position with convenient access to Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, and Macao, offering a beautiful and inspiring environment for learning. Adhering to Where intelligence converges, diversity harmonizes, and excellence blooms, BIT Zhuhai has been building and developing a distinctive international education system that reflects the unique character of the Greater Bay Area and the excellence of the "Study in BIT" brand. Today, BIT (Beijing and Zhuhai campus) is proud to host a vibrant student body that includes more than 4000 international students from 152 countries. II. English taught programs （ 1 ） Beijing campus Program List CSCA Required subjects Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering Automation Computer Science and Technology Mechatronics Engineering Electronics Science and Technology Mechanical Engineering Mathematics+Physics International Economics and Trade Mathematics （ 2 ） Zhuhai campus Program CSCA Required subjects Artificial Intelligence Mathematics+Physics III. Qualification (1) High school graduate or above who is qualified to apply for university; non-Chinese citizens with valid foreign passport and in good health; observe Chinese laws and regulations of Beijing Institute of Technology. (2) Aged between 18 and 25; Applicants under 18 should provide certificate of guardian who has Beijing residency. (3) Applicants must comply with the regulations (JW 〔 2020 〕 No. 12) issued by Ministry of Education of People's Republic of China. IV. Online Application: apply.isc.bit.edu.cn V. Application Materials (* is required) *(1) The Photocopy of Passport (Photo Page) and China Visa Page (If you have) *(2) The Certified/Notarized Copy of High School Transcripts (Chinese or English version ) *(3) The Certified/Notarized Copy of High School Diploma (Chinese or English version ) *(4) The Valid Report of Chinese or English Language Proficiency Tests. ( For Chinese Medium : HSK5≥180, The majors taught in both Chinese and Russian at the Zhuhai campus only provide HSK Level 5 scores and do not require Russian language scores. For English Medium : IELTS≥6.0/ TOEFL≥85/ Duolingo≥110 or other language certificate recognized by BIT. English native speakers are exempted) *(5) China Scholastic competency Assessment (CSCA) transcript (If you haven't received your transcript yet, please provide a proof of your exam registration) *(6) Personal Statement/Study Plan (Download BIT International Student Personal Statement Template from https://isc.bit.edu.cn/→Resources→Download, and upload it in the application system after filling out) (7)Scholarship Application Form (For scholarship applicants) (8)Applications under 18 must upload all materials required in Application Materials for Student under 18 from "Download" Zone shown above (9) Physical Examination Record for Foreigner (please go to hospital for a physical examination as required in Physical Examination Record for Foreigner from "Download" zone shown above and upload it in the application system) (10) Financial Guarantee Letter (The certificate of bank saving) (11) Non-criminal Record (Issued by the local police station) (12) Other documents (Students in design major should provide no less than 2 art works) VI. Application Procedure Step 1: Register at http://apply.isc.bit.edu.cn Step 2: Pay application fee (CNY600) after passing preliminary examination Step 3: Comprehensive interview Step 4: Pre-admission Step 5: Pay tuition fee (deposit) Step 6: Admitted China Scholastic competency Assessment (CSCA) transcript needs to be uploaded before Comprehensive interview. You can check the detail of the exam from CSCA official website (www.csca.cn). Please check your Email and Application system constantly after submitting application. Application Deadline: June 1, 2026 VII. Duration & Fees Duration : 4 years Application fee : CNY600 Insurance fee : CNY800-1,800/year Visa fee: CNY400/year Chinese taught program tuition : CNY23,000/year; English taught program tuition : CNY30,000/year Accommodation ： Beijing campus Zhongguancun campus 2 people shared room: CNY1,350/month 3 people shared room: CNY1,200/month 4 people shared room: CNY900/month Liangxiang campus 2 people shared room: CNY900/month 3 people shared room: CNY700/month 4 people shared room: CNY500/month Zhuhai campus 2 people shared room: CNY900/month 4 people shared room: CNY500/month VIII. Scholarship (1) Chinese Government Scholarship (only for Chinese-taught program) The scholarship application is directed to the local Chinese Embassy or Consulate. The application time is usually from November to April next year. Please ask for more application information from Chinese Embassy/Consulate in your home country. When filling in the scholarship application form, the applicant should choose Type A and select Beijing Institute of Technology as the first priority institution. (2)Beijing Government Scholarship(only for Beijing campus) Includes A-class, B-class, and C-class scholarships, please refer to the website for details https://english.beijing.gov.cn/studyinginbeijing/index.html. Application deadline: May 1, 2026 Type Tuition University Accommodation Stipend Comprehensive Insurance A √ √ √ √ B √ √ √ C √ √ (3)Guangdong Government Outstanding International Student Scholarship(only for Zhuhai campus) Scholarship funding standard: CNY10,000/year, please refer to the website for details https://www.gd.gov.cn/zwgk/gongbao/2013/28/content/post_3364046.html Application deadline: May 1, 2026 (4)BIT International Student Scholarship Application deadline: May 1, 2026 Type Content Duration Tuition University Accommodation Stipend Comprehensive Insurance First Prize √ √ √ √ Four year Second Prize √ √ Third Prize √ First Prize √ √ One year Second Prize √ Third Prize 50% Forth Prize 25% Note ： 4-year scholarship holder needs to pass the annual review to guarantee the scholarship benefits of the following academic year. IX. Contact (1)Beijing campus Office of International Students Beijing Institute of Technology Address: 5 Zhongguancun South Street, Haidian District, 100081, Beijing, P.R.China Contact: Ms.SHEN Tel: 86-10-68918272 Email: undergraduate@bit.edu.cn Website: http://isc.bit.edu.cn (2) Zhuhai campus Office of International Students Beijing Institute of Technology, Zhuhai Address: NO.6 Jinfeng Road, Tangjiawan Town, Zhuhai City, Guangdong Province, 519000, P.R.China Contact: Ms.ZHANG Ms.TU Tel: 86-756-3835166 86-756-3835204 Email ： study_in_bitzh@bitzh.edu.cn Website: http://isc.bit.edu.cn 相关附件 北京理工大学2026年国际学生（本科生）招生简章-BIT Admission Book for Undergraduate programs.pdf Guide for applying Undergraduate Program Fax:+86-10 6891 4846 http://isc.bit.edu.cn Office of International Students Beijing Institute of Technology 5 Zhongguancun South Street, Haidian District 100081, Beijing, China Copyright © Office of International Students, Beijing Institute of Technology