Skip to Main Content Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences Search Bar EN HU Log in Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences HU / EN Menu Display Log in MATE MATE Welcome to MATE MATE 2030 Strategy The Anthropocene Award Anthropocene Case Competition Ranking Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) INSTITUTES CAMPUSES CAMPUSES Campuses CENTRE: Szent István Campus Buda Campus Georgikon Campus Kaposvár Campus Károly Róbert Campus - Gyöngyös University Library and Archives CAREER HRS4R - HR Excellence in Research Quality management/Accreditation 2023 Quality management/Accreditation 2023 Accreditation information Documents RESEARCH PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS Virtual Open Days Find a Study Programme Find a Study Programme Study Programme Finder BSc and MSc Programme list Doctoral Programmes in English Foundation course for Studies in English Postgraduate in Plant Genetics and Plant Breeding Application Procedure Apply now! Scholarships FAQ FAQ Admissions Campus Contact Courses Funding and Scholarships Student Life Visa Application Working in Hungary MATE Brochure Accommodation CURRENT STUDENTS CURRENT STUDENTS Welcome Information Orientation Health Issues Academic Matters Academic Matters STUDY Matters: admission, finance, study info Academic Calendar 2026/27 Apostille Rules and Regulations Rules and Regulations General Academic Regulations Stipendium Hungaricum Hungarian Diaspora Scholarship Scholarship for Christian Young People MATE International Scholarship Rector's Directive Residence & Administration IT Tools IT Tools Neptun System MATE Authentication (Wifi, E-learning, email) MyMATE app Student Life Student Life Students' Life at MATE Future Leaders Program (JVP) Scientific Student Conference (TDK) Sport Life SZIA Agroecological Garden Summer Schools at MATE Summer Schools at MATE Efficient Research - Kaposvár, 20-26 July 2026 Food Science - Buda Campus, 12-19 July 2026 Career Counselling Pannónia Scholarship Pannónia Scholarship Pannónia Scholarship for Stipendium Hungaricum Students 2025/26 and 2026/27 Pannónia Scholarship for Self-financing and MISP Students 2025/26 and 2026/27 PHD INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS MATE Center for International Education International Projects International Projects International Projects Visegrad Fund An innovation for the remote detection of radiating materials is being developed with the participation of MATE International Week International Week 1st MATE International Week - 2023 4th International Week - 2020 3rd International Week - 2019 2nd International Week - 2014 1st International Week - 2012 E³UDRES² European University Alliance ALUMNI NEWS Application Procedure - Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences Application Procedure for Self-financed Students Menu Display Menü Application Procedure Language Certificate Refund Policy Apply now! FAQ Application Procedure for BSc, MSc Last modified: 25. June 2026 Thank you for your interest in the Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences - MATE. We are excited for you to join our growing international student community and we are here to guide you along the way. The application procedure is very simple thanks to our DreamApply application management platform, but please read the details carefully below. When applying for a government-funded scholarship scheme like Stipendium Hungaricum , there is a separate application platform. All details about scholarship applications can be accessed HERE . To successfully apply for studies at MATE, applicants must complete all of the following steps : Complete all sections of the APPLICATION FORM in the online DreamApply system Application for academic year 2026/2027 is open again until 3 July 2026 (23.59 CET) . Upload a letter of motivation outlining your reasons for choosing the course Upload applicable academic documents: BSc applicants must upload an official copy of their secondary school final examination. MSc applicants must upload an official copy of their BSc degree certificate and transcripts . Upload evidence of their English ability - B2 level of English is required: Attach a brief Curriculum Vitae . Payment of 100 EUR Application Fee via SimplePay on the application platform . The application fee is non-refundable. Next steps following your application: After the revision of your fully submitted Application Package, you will be contacted for an interview. After the successful interview we'll send you the Preliminary Letter of Acceptance with the details of paying the tuition fee for the first two semesters . After the proved payment you'll receive your Letter of Acceptance. With the Letter of Acceptance you can apply for visa for study purposes. Before the academic year start we'll send you information about enrollment and other practicalities regarding your study at MATE. Important note: All documentation must be in English and authenticated. Translations from other languages must be certified. We understand that university enrolment is a major event in the lives of prospective students and we are here to make the process as smooth and stress-free as possible. You can direct your questions to: apply@uni-mate.hu Privacy Policy on data processing related to the application and admission procedure for foreign students applying for admission to self-financed courses at the Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences and its Doctoral Schools - EN ( PDF ), HU ( PDF ) Apply Now! Hidden Buda Campus 1118 Budapest, Villányi str. 29-43. +36-1/305-7354, +36-1/305-7528 https://budaicampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.buda@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. Diána Sárdy Nyitrainé Georgikon Campus 8360 Keszthely, Deák Ferenc str. 16. +36-83/545-000 https://georgikoncampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.keszthely@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. László Rózsa Szent István Campus 2100 Gödöllő, Páter Károly str. 1. +36-28/522-000 / 2220 https://szentistvancampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.godollo@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. András Béres Károly Róbert Campus 3200 Gyöngyös, Mátrai str. 36. +36-37/518-300 https://karolyrobertcampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.gyongyos@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. Zoltán Bujdosó Kaposvár Campus 7400 Kaposvár, Guba Sándor str. 40., P.O.B.: 16. +36-82/505-800 / 1000 https://kaposvaricampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.kaposvar@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Péter Vörös Menu Display E-mail Phonebook NEPTUN E-learning © MATE 2026 This Website Uses Cookies We use cookies and similar technologies to deliver personalized content, analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements on the site, and collect demographic information about our user base as a whole. Accept all cookies for the best possible experience on our website or manage your preferences. Visit our Privacy Policy Configuration Accept All Decline All