Skip to Main Content Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences Search Bar EN HU Log in Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences HU / EN Menu Display Log in MATE MATE Welcome to MATE MATE 2030 Strategy The Anthropocene Award Anthropocene Case Competition Ranking Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) INSTITUTES CAMPUSES CAMPUSES Campuses CENTRE: Szent István Campus Buda Campus Georgikon Campus Kaposvár Campus Károly Róbert Campus - Gyöngyös University Library and Archives CAREER HRS4R - HR Excellence in Research Quality management/Accreditation 2023 Quality management/Accreditation 2023 Accreditation information Documents RESEARCH PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS Virtual Open Days Find a Study Programme Find a Study Programme Study Programme Finder BSc and MSc Programme list Doctoral Programmes in English Foundation course for Studies in English Postgraduate in Plant Genetics and Plant Breeding Application Procedure Apply now! Scholarships FAQ FAQ Admissions Campus Contact Courses Funding and Scholarships Student Life Visa Application Working in Hungary MATE Brochure Accommodation CURRENT STUDENTS CURRENT STUDENTS Welcome Information Orientation Health Issues Academic Matters Academic Matters STUDY Matters: admission, finance, study info Academic Calendar 2026/27 Apostille Rules and Regulations Rules and Regulations General Academic Regulations Stipendium Hungaricum Hungarian Diaspora Scholarship Scholarship for Christian Young People MATE International Scholarship Rector's Directive Residence & Administration IT Tools IT Tools Neptun System MATE Authentication (Wifi, E-learning, email) MyMATE app Student Life Student Life Students' Life at MATE Future Leaders Program (JVP) Scientific Student Conference (TDK) Sport Life SZIA Agroecological Garden Summer Schools at MATE Summer Schools at MATE Efficient Research - Kaposvár, 20-26 July 2026 Food Science - Buda Campus, 12-19 July 2026 Career Counselling Pannónia Scholarship Pannónia Scholarship Pannónia Scholarship for Stipendium Hungaricum Students 2025/26 and 2026/27 Pannónia Scholarship for Self-financing and MISP Students 2025/26 and 2026/27 PHD INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS MATE Center for International Education International Projects International Projects International Projects Visegrad Fund An innovation for the remote detection of radiating materials is being developed with the participation of MATE International Week International Week 1st MATE International Week - 2023 4th International Week - 2020 3rd International Week - 2019 2nd International Week - 2014 1st International Week - 2012 E³UDRES² European University Alliance ALUMNI NEWS SH: Rules & Procedures - Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Menu Display Menü About Stipendium Hungaricum Provisions Application Rules & Procedures Stipendium Hungaricum Sport Dissertation Scholarship Contacts All Scholarships Last modified: 11. September 2026 OPERATIONAL REGULATIONS of Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Programme (In effect as of 11 February 2026) Stipendium Hungaricum SPORT Scholarship Operational Regulations GOOD TO KNOW - Stipendium Hungaricum Practicalities in short PROCEDURES related to the scholarship status: ► POSTPONEMENT OF STUDIES Scholarship holders may only postpone the start of the scholarship status for health (proved by medical reports) or other unexpected reasons beyond their control. Postponement of of the scholarship may only take place before the establishment of the student status (before enrollment). A request (containing detailed reasoning, the number of semesters to be postponed) signed by the scholarship holder has to be submitted to Tempus Public Foundation (stipendiumhungaricum@tpf.hu) by 30 September . The following documents have to be attached: medical reports (if applicable) declaration of approval of host university support letter of the sending partner (authority) ► CHANGING STUDY PROGRAMME / LANGUAGE / INSTITUTION Please note that changing your study programme, language of instruction, and/or institution is possible only within the first academic year of your studies. Please follow the steps below depending on your case. STEP 1 - Submit your request to MATE - If you are currently a MATE student Please send the MATE Request Form , signed by you, to: sh@uni-mate.hu In addition, please also submit the Application for Programme Transfer in the Neptun system . Deadline for submission to MATE: 1 November in the autumn semester 15 April in the spring semester - If you are currently studying at another university and wish to transfer to MATE Please send the MATE Request Form , signed by you, to: sh@uni-mate.hu Please attach the following documents: Transcript of Records Syllabus Letter of Award Student Status Certificate Copy of your passport At the same time, please submit the Request for Transfer document to the Registrar's Office at Szent István Campus (Gödöllő), either in person or by post to the following address: Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences Registrar's Office 2100 Gödöllő, Páter Károly utca 1. Hungary Deadline for submission to MATE : 1 November in the autumn semester 15 April in the spring semester Important: MATE can permanently admit and enroll a BSc student transferring from another university only if the student has earned at least 30 credits in the previously completed semester. STEP 2 - Submit your request to Tempus Public Foundation After receiving the signed Declaration of Approval and Approval of Transfer documents, please submit your request to Tempus Public Foundation at: stipendiumhungaricum@tpf.hu The request must include: Tempus Request Form (signed by you) Declaration of Approval signed by your current institution Approval of Transfer from the new / requested institution Deadline for submission to Tempus: 1 December in the autumn semester 15 May in the spring semester Additional note Please also notify your sending partner / authority in your home country. However, you do not need to obtain and attach a support letter to your request. Important note regarding the Declaration of Approval Please note that the Declaration of Approval to be received form MATE is issued centrally by the Educational Directorate, following the prior academic review by the relevant institute(s) or doctoral school(s) and the administrative review by the Registrar's Office. For this reason, students are kindly requested not to contact the institute/doctoral school directly directly regarding this document. The document is considered official only with the signature of the Vice-Rector for Science and International Relations (for PhD students) or the Educational Director (for BSc and MSc students), and it will be issued and sent to the student by 12 May in spring semester and by 25 November in autumn semester . For further details, please also see the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) . ► EXTENSION In case you want to extend your studies, according to the Operational Regulations , you have to submit your request for extension to the university (by filling in the following form ) and, at the same time, to the sending partner (authority) in your home country , but you do not have to wait for their approval since they will be contacted by Tempus directly. Please note that: - MATE will support extension requests if you have less than 15 missing credits or a missing practice/internship. - second extensions are not supported. The following documents must be attached (uploaded) to your request: - support letter signed by the head of the institute - transcript of records (list of subjects you have completed) Deadline within the university in autumn semester: 15 November , in spring semester: 30 April Please, note: „During the extension period, scholarship holders may not receive a scholarship or housing allowance. This shall first be applied to students starting their studies in the 2020/21 academic year in an ascending order." (see Operational Regulations III.4.1.) In case you have any questions, you can contact us at sh @uni-mate.hu See also useful information regarding extensions Hidden Buda Campus 1118 Budapest, Villányi str. 29-43. +36-1/305-7354, +36-1/305-7528 https://budaicampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.buda@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. Diána Sárdy Nyitrainé Georgikon Campus 8360 Keszthely, Deák Ferenc str. 16. +36-83/545-000 https://georgikoncampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.keszthely@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. László Rózsa Szent István Campus 2100 Gödöllő, Páter Károly str. 1. +36-28/522-000 / 2220 https://szentistvancampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.godollo@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. András Béres Károly Róbert Campus 3200 Gyöngyös, Mátrai str. 36. +36-37/518-300 https://karolyrobertcampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.gyongyos@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. Zoltán Bujdosó Kaposvár Campus 7400 Kaposvár, Guba Sándor str. 40., P.O.B.: 16. +36-82/505-800 / 1000 https://kaposvaricampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.kaposvar@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Péter Vörös Menu Display E-mail Phonebook NEPTUN E-learning © MATE 2026 This Website Uses Cookies We use cookies and similar technologies to deliver personalized content, analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements on the site, and collect demographic information about our user base as a whole. Accept all cookies for the best possible experience on our website or manage your preferences. Visit our Privacy Policy Configuration Accept All Decline All