Skip to Main Content Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences Search Bar EN HU Log in Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences HU / EN Menu Display Log in MATE MATE Welcome to MATE MATE 2030 Strategy The Anthropocene Award Anthropocene Case Competition Ranking Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) INSTITUTES CAMPUSES CAMPUSES Campuses CENTRE: Szent István Campus Buda Campus Georgikon Campus Kaposvár Campus Károly Róbert Campus - Gyöngyös University Library and Archives CAREER HRS4R - HR Excellence in Research Quality management/Accreditation 2023 Quality management/Accreditation 2023 Accreditation information Documents RESEARCH PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS Virtual Open Days Find a Study Programme Find a Study Programme Study Programme Finder BSc and MSc Programme list Doctoral Programmes in English Foundation course for Studies in English Postgraduate in Plant Genetics and Plant Breeding Application Procedure Apply now! Scholarships FAQ FAQ Admissions Campus Contact Courses Funding and Scholarships Student Life Visa Application Working in Hungary MATE Brochure Accommodation CURRENT STUDENTS CURRENT STUDENTS Welcome Information Orientation Health Issues Academic Matters Academic Matters STUDY Matters: admission, finance, study info Academic Calendar 2026/27 Apostille Rules and Regulations Rules and Regulations General Academic Regulations Stipendium Hungaricum Hungarian Diaspora Scholarship Scholarship for Christian Young People MATE International Scholarship Rector's Directive Residence & Administration IT Tools IT Tools Neptun System MATE Authentication (Wifi, E-learning, email) MyMATE app Student Life Student Life Students' Life at MATE Future Leaders Program (JVP) Scientific Student Conference (TDK) Sport Life SZIA Agroecological Garden Summer Schools at MATE Summer Schools at MATE Efficient Research - Kaposvár, 20-26 July 2026 Food Science - Buda Campus, 12-19 July 2026 Career Counselling Pannónia Scholarship Pannónia Scholarship Pannónia Scholarship for Stipendium Hungaricum Students 2025/26 and 2026/27 Pannónia Scholarship for Self-financing and MISP Students 2025/26 and 2026/27 PHD INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS MATE Center for International Education International Projects International Projects International Projects Visegrad Fund An innovation for the remote detection of radiating materials is being developed with the participation of MATE International Week International Week 1st MATE International Week - 2023 4th International Week - 2020 3rd International Week - 2019 2nd International Week - 2014 1st International Week - 2012 E³UDRES² European University Alliance ALUMNI NEWS Welcome Information - Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences Welcome Information Welcome Information Last modified: 12. August 2026 Welcome to the Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences - MATE Hereunder, the necessary information is shared about your stay and living as well as your studies in Hungary. The relevant information for academic year 2026/27 are constantly being updated. Welcome information will be sent to Stipendium Hungaricum, SCYP, DFP, MISP, FAO, DAFM, Erasmus emPLANT+ students and self-financed students soon. VISA Students outside EU countries should visit the relevant authorities (and their websites) at least 2 months before the beginning of their studies. Students from visa-free countries can enter Hungary using their passport. They have 90 days to start their residence permit application within Hungary. Your MATE international coordinator is ready to provide assistance. Please, click on the registration link so that a group appointment can be arranged for MATE students at the Immigration Office. Online guide for visa free citizens will be organised on 6 August, 2026 at 13:30-15:30 CET. Link will be directly sent out to those involved. Students with visa obligations should hand in their application for a D-type student visa at the Hungarian Embassy or Consulate in their home country. The visa application means a parallel application for a residence permit also at the embassy/consulate. Residence permits are automatically sent to the campus international coordinator in the International Relations Centre of your own campus. More details about the process are available here: online guiding sessions , and first entry to Hungary . The regulations for the registration of your Hungarian address and the residence permit can also be found on the website of Hungarian National Directorate-General for Aliens Policing (Immigration Office) and/or of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( http://konzuliszolgalat.kormany.hu/en ). You may want to check the relevant questions of FAQs before leaving for Hungary. ARRIVAL IN HUNGARY The academic year starts on 7th September 2026 . To guide students, Orientation Programmes are organised. Please, inform your coordinators about the details of your arrival - regardless of your scholarship status - by filling in the Arrival Form . It is obligatory for everyone. Good to know for Freshmen - educational and non-educational coordinators Good to know for Freshmen - Neptun and registration for the semester ACADEMIC CALENDAR ERASMUS and any EXCHANGE STUDENTS info: here USEFUL CONTACTS at MATE Stipendium Hungaricum, Diaspora, SCYP and FAO scholars, please note that your travel insurance is expected to be valid for one month after your arrival, so please take care of the coverage of your first month's insurance. Similarly, your stipend for September is expected to be paid at the beginning of October , so please, make sure to have enough money to cover your living costs of the first month. Some administrative procedures might even take longer, especially for those from non-visa countries who start their residence permit application in Hungary. Please, be prepared for two-three months savings . TRANSPORT FROM AIRPORT Transport to Budapest There is good public transport between Liszt Ferenc Airport and Budapest which you can check using this link . We advise to use the 100E bus for travelling from the airport to the city centre. To use this bus, you need to buy a specific ticket (Airport shuttle bus single ticket) for 2200 HUF (around 5.5 EUR). It is the fastest way to get to the city using public transportation and cheaper than a taxi. You need to purchase a ticket before you get on the bus! Tickets can be bought at the BKK (Centre for Budapest Transport) information point at the exit of the airport or from a BKK vending machine or via BKK mobile application ( Budapest GO ). You can buy it in cash (HUF) or using your bank card. For further details, visit this website . If you choose public transport, plan your trip here: Trip Planner or via Google Maps . You can also search the schedules of the transportation vehicles here . Check the details about BKK (Centre for Budapest Transport) mobile application, Budapest GO . It is a vitally important app to get around the city. It is easy to use on mobile phones, and you can buy your tickets via the app as well. Ticket vending machines are available all over the city. Fill in the ARRIVAL FORM to inform your international, educational and dorm coordinators and the uni driver about your arrival. If you're having technical problems upon submitting the Arrival Form, let us know through international@uni-mate.hu Transport to Gödöllő Dormitory MATE International Center provides free transport between Budapest and Gödöllő upon arrival to students with the taxi driver contracted by MATE. For exchange students , all Stipendium Hungaricum, Diaspora, SCYP and FAO students it is free. Individual travellers who are ready to pay the transfer fee can also contact the taxi driver and agree on the details of their ride. If you know the date and time of your arrival, please, fill in the Arrival Form with the required data regardless of the fact whether you need a taxi or not. Your data are shared with the dorm coordinators and both international and educational coordinators. Transport to Kaposvár At the airport, find bus E100 or E200 , then change to the underground M3 until Népliget . For the bus E200 and for the underground you have to buy a ticket from a machine (English language service is available). Please, check timetables for the regular bus service. Select Budapest - Kaposvár to see the exact time of your departure and arrival. As you get to the bus station in Kaposvár, you can take bus 8E, 8 or 18. Please inform the campus coordinator about the exact time of your arrival in Kaposvár so that someone can be arranged to help you get to the University / to the dormitory! Transport to Keszthely At the airport, find bus E100 or E200 , then change to metro line M3 until Népliget or Deák Ferenc tér and Déli Pályaudvar . For taking bus E200 and the metro, buy a ticket from a BKK ticket vending machine (English language service is available). From Budapest you can choose to travel to Keszthely by bus or train. For further information regarding the bus or train timetable, please, check the following link: https://menetrendek.hu/mobile/?lng=en# By bus : Get to Népliget autóbusz állomás by getting off metro line M3 at Népliget station and choose a direct bus to Keszthely. Most buses stop in front of the Student Hostel (the name of this stop is Keszthely, Egyetem, kollégium ). By train : Get to Déli Pályaudvar by changing from metro line M3 to metro line M2 at Deák Ferenc tér. Metro line M2 terminates at Déli Pályaudvar. Choose a direct train to Keszthely. Train stops at Keszthely railway station from where it takes 20 minutes to walk to the Student Hostel (use Google Maps to find the route). Please, always inform your coordinator about the day of your arrival using the Arrival form . Transport to Gyöngyös Follow the steps as described in "Transport to Budapest" section and get to the city centre. Take metro line M2 to Keleti Pályaudvar and take a train to Gyöngyös/Eger. Please, always inform your coordinator about the day of your arrival using the Arrival form . STAYING IN HUNGARY RESIDENCE PERMIT You will need a residence permit to stay in Hungary during your studies (visa-free students also!). For detailed information, please read the webpage of the Hungarian National Directorate-General for Aliens Policing (Immigration Office) carefully and the page focusing on Residence Permit for the Purpose of Studies as well as our relevant webpage . During the first weeks after your arrival, some administration days will be organised so that you can arrange your residence permit collection as smoothly as possible. PRACTICAL MATTERS (insurance, tax ID application, opening a bank account, etc.) For more information, please visit and bookmark Practical Matters . ACCOMMODATION / DORMITORY Szent István Campus - Gödöllő Gödöllő Dorm (address: H-2100 Gödöllő, Páter Károly u. 1.) Coordinators: Ms. Bea Kárpáti ( karpati.beata@uni-mate.hu) and Ms. Dóra Demjén ( demjen.dora@uni-mate.hu ) If you are a Stipendium Hungaricum (SH) , Scholarship for Christian Young People (SCYP) or FAO scholar , you can be accommodated in the dormitory of MATE. The dorm offers double, triple and quadruple rooms for newcomers. Please send the Dormitory application form directly to the dormitory coordinators. DEADLINE: 30 July 2026! In case you are a Stipendium Hungaricum / SCYP / FAO / Diaspora scholarship holder, your accommodation in the dorm will be covered by the scholarship programme. Please note that FAO scholarship covers accommodation only in the dormitory. If you have accommodation outside our dormitory , please inform the dorm coordinators. Please, also note that due to the huge overdemand, the dorm maintains its rooms only for students, so if you arrive with your family , you have to find accommodation other than the dormitory. We kindly ask for your understanding. Please note that since the dormitory has limited places, newcoming scholarship holders have priority. Senior students' accommodation in dormitory is subject to good behaviour and their academic performance. Buda Campus - Budapest Somogyi Imre Dormitory, Budapest Address: 1118 Budapest, Szüret utca 2-18., Phone: +36 1 305 7581 Coordinator: Ms. Dorottya Gergely at buda.kollegium@uni-mate.hu The dorm offers only double rooms for students. For the first year, rooms are automatically booked for Stipendium Hungaricum, Scholarship for Christian Young People (SCYP) scholars and for two years for FAO scholars in Somogyi Imre Dormitory. Please send the Dormitory application form directly to the coordinator in Budapest. Please note that since the dormitory has limited places, newcoming scholarship holders have priority. For accommodation in Budapest, please, check the website at https://en.uni-mate.hu/accommodation . Kaposvár Campus New Dormitory and Csukás Zoltán Dormitory Address: 7400 Kaposvár, Guba Sándor u. 40. Phone: +36 82 505 832 Kaffka Margit Dormitory Address: 7400 Kaposvár, Bajcsy-Zsilinszky u. 6. Phone: +36 82 502 517 Kaposvár Dorm coordinators: Ms. Hajnalka Szántó-Tóth: szantone.toth.hajnalka@uni-mate.hu Mr. Péter Csősz: csosz.peter@uni-mate.hu Please send the Dormitory application form directly to the coordinators in Kaposvár. Georgikon Campus - Keszthely Please, note that all incoming first year scholarship holders are accommodated in one of the dormitories automatically. Still, it is necessary to send the Dormitory application form directly to the dorm coordinator in Keszthely. Pethe Ferenc Dormitory Address: 8360 Keszthely, Festetics út 5. Keszthely Dorm coordinator: Mr. Gábor Lukács: international.georgikon@uni-mate.hu Gyöngyös Campus Student hostel Address: 3200 Gyöngyös, Mátrai út 36. Gyöngyös Dorm coordinator: Ms. Fanni Barkó-Fodor: gyongyos.kollegium@uni-mate.hu Students participating in international incoming mobilities should inform the Campus Coordinator about their request for dormitory accommodation via email by sending the Dormitory application form . All students participating in international incoming mobilities are most probably provided dormitory accommodation. LIVING IN HUNGARY SURVIVAL GUIDE compiled by ESN MATE General Information: Student life If you are not familiar with our country, please read the Wikipedia page on Hungary There are a lot of sights to see and things to do in Hungary . Have a look at these pages: Gödöllő , Budapest , Hungary FACILITIES In the dormitory rooms (and most houses in Hungary) you will have clean running water (drinkable without boiling), electricity, central heating, and internet . FOOD and DRINKS You can have a variety of foods and drinks, in grocery stores, market places as well as in restaurants. Vegetarian food is available also in the two restaurants/canteens of the Gödöllő Campus. Halal food is available in Budapest. Some well-known restaurants that serve Halal food in Budapest include Szeraj, Al-Amir, Cairo Café, and Antalya Kebab. There are a few Halal meat shops in Budapest. More information regarding the best Halal restaurants in Budapest can be found at one of the mosques or Islamic Centers in the city, such as the Budapest Mosque which is located at H-1119 Budapest, Fehérvári út 41. CLOTHING Those who come from tropical countries should note that there are colder seasons in Hungary including a winter, so be prepared to bring or buy warmer clothes . STUDIES Having a laptop for researching and writing is strongly recommended, although the university library has computer facilities. For details of your programme and faculty, visit the various homepages of the institutes . FACEBOOK Follow us on Facebook to stay up to date with the latest news, academic information, events and social activities for international students at MATE. International students at MATE (former SZIU) Facebook group is our main Facebook group. This private group (invitation has been sent via email) is the place to find and share quick information about both academic matters and social events. We strongly encourage all international students to join the group. MATE English Facebook page is for the international audience. Please, follow us for university news, international opportunities, events and other updates. MENTOR SYSTEMS We provide mentoring to Stipendium Hungaricum and Young Christian sholarship holders in the SH mentor group with registration HERE. Exchange students are mentored by Erasmus Student Network - ESN MATE . You should also feel free to seek contact with senior students already here, they can help you a lot. In addition, our Hungarian students will be also eager to help you. How to become an SH mentee? Register here and use the guide . We hope you will have a pleasant time at MATE, and we are looking forward to meeting you soon in Hungary! International Relations Centre Hidden Buda Campus 1118 Budapest, Villányi str. 29-43. +36-1/305-7354, +36-1/305-7528 https://budaicampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.buda@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. Diána Sárdy Nyitrainé Georgikon Campus 8360 Keszthely, Deák Ferenc str. 16. +36-83/545-000 https://georgikoncampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.keszthely@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. László Rózsa Szent István Campus 2100 Gödöllő, Páter Károly str. 1. +36-28/522-000 / 2220 https://szentistvancampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.godollo@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. András Béres Károly Róbert Campus 3200 Gyöngyös, Mátrai str. 36. +36-37/518-300 https://karolyrobertcampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.gyongyos@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Dr. Zoltán Bujdosó Kaposvár Campus 7400 Kaposvár, Guba Sándor str. 40., P.O.B.: 16. +36-82/505-800 / 1000 https://kaposvaricampus.uni-mate.hu foigazgato.kaposvar@uni-mate.hu Campus Director Péter Vörös Menu Display E-mail Phonebook NEPTUN E-learning © MATE 2026 This Website Uses Cookies We use cookies and similar technologies to deliver personalized content, analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements on the site, and collect demographic information about our user base as a whole. Accept all cookies for the best possible experience on our website or manage your preferences. Visit our Privacy Policy Configuration Accept All Decline All