Language: CHINESE KOREAN РУССКИЙ 哈工大官网 导航 About HIT HIT Introduction Schools & Faculties Contact Us Admissions Degree Programs Bachelor Master PhD Non-degree Programs Pre-university Program Long-term Chinese Language Program Short-term Chinese Language Program Exchange Program Global Summer School (HITGSS) Future Scientific Creators Workshop (HITFSCW) Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship HIT International Students Scholarship Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program-Master's in Business Administration Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program-Master's in Transportation Engineering China Link Scholarship Program Applying Regulations VISA Campus Life Orientation Tips Safety Tips HIT Map Alumni A Letter to International Student Alumni Best wishes Download Center Admissions Degree Programs Bachelor Master PhD Non-degree Programs Scholarships Applying homepage Admissions Degree Programs Bachelor Bachelor I. Eligibility 1. Applicants must be in good health both mentally and physically. 2. Applicants must be citizens of countries other than the People's Republic of China, and the conditions set by the Document No.12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC should be met. http://www.moe.gov.cn/srcsite/A20/moe 850/202006/t20200609 464159.html Note: lf the applicant is confirmed to have Chinese nationality by the Chinese public security organs after application, admission, and registration, College of International Education (ClE) reserves the right to withdraw the applicant. 3. Applicants must hold a high school diploma or above. 4. Applicants must be under the age of 30 (HlT Scholarship applicants must be under the age of 25). II. Application Process and Documents Step 1. All applicants have to take the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) and get the score report. For exam-related information, please refer to the CSCA official website (www.csca.cn). For the required test subjects for each undergraduate major, please refer to VIII. Attachments. Step 2. Log into the HlT online application system to complete the application form. The online application system is available at https://hit.at0086.cn/student Step 3. Remit the application fee of CNY 400 or USD 60 / CNY 600 or USD 90 by bank transfer. Step 4. Upload scanned copies of the following documents as required. ① Passport homepage copy. ② High school diploma (the expected graduation certificate is acceptable). The original high school diploma must be submitted upon registration (if the original is not in Chinese or English, a notarized translation must also be provided). ③ High school transcripts. ④ China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) score report. ⑤ Language proficiency certificates (consistent with the language of instruction applied for). Chinese-taught programs (Excluding Chinese Language and Literature major) : There is no requirement for applicants' English proficiency. HSK level 4≥210 scores (valid for two years). lf the language of instruction in the previous degree is Chinese, the applicant can provide the Chinese language instruction certificate issued by the previous institution. There is no requirement for applicants' English proficiency. English-taught programs: There is no requirement for applicants' Chinese proficiency. Applicants should have an Academic lELTS>6.0 (no subtest lower than 5.5), or TOEFL (iBT) >80. Or other authorized equivalent standards of English proficiency. If the language of instruction for compulsory courses in the applicant's previous degree program was English, the applicant can provide the English language instruction certificate issued by the previous degree institution. ⑥ Physical examination record for foreigners (valid within six months). ⑦ Non-criminal record report (valid within six months). ⑧ Applicants who will not reach the age of 18 by September 1, 2026, are required to submit a notarized certificate of guardianship for minors. ⑨ Curriculum Vitae. ⑩ Remittance voucher of application fee for self-financed students (CNY 400 or USD 60 / CNY 600 or USD 90) Note: Failure to pay the application fee or failure to indicate the applicant's passport name at the time of transfer will be considered invalid. ⑪ Certificate of deposit (at least CNY 20,000 or equivalent foreign currency). ⑫ Proof of outstanding academic achievements, sports, art, cultural exchanges, public welfare activities, etc. (optional). NOTES: 1. All application materials must be in Chinese or English. For materials in other languages, notarized translations must be provided. Applications with materials that do not meet the requirements will not be accepted. 2. All application materials must be uploaded to the online application system of the College of International Education, Harbin Institute of Technology. Paper materials will not be accepted. 3. If any false personal information or application materials are found to have been provided, the admission offer will be revoked, and the applicant will be responsible for all consequences. II I . Application Period and Fees 1. Application Period Self-financed: Applications are available throughout the year. The application deadline for the September 2026 intake is July 15 th , 2026. HIT International Students Scholarship: October 1 st , 2025 - July 15 th , 2026. 2. Standard Fees (Unit: CNY/USD) Undergraduate Programs Duration 4-5 years Tuition Chinese-taught CNY20,000/year (approximately USD 2,860) English-taught CNY26,000/year (approximately USD 3,720) Insurance CNY800/year (approximately USD 115) Application fee for self-financed students CNY400 (approximately USD 60) HIT Scholarship application fee CNY600 (approximately USD 90) Accommodation fee (Excluding electricity, water, and internet charges) CNY 800-1,000 /month /bed (approximately USD 115-145) Note: All the fees are non-refundable, except for accommodation fees. IV. Remittance Information Beneficiary Name: Harbin Institute of Technology Account Number: 3500040109008900513 Bank Name: Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Harbin, Da Zhi Branch Bank Address: 318 East Dazhi Street, Harbin, People's Republic of China SWIFT/BIC: ICBKCNBJHLJ Note: Please mark the applicant's passport name on the remittance voucher. Wechat Pay and Alipay are not acceptable. V. Teaching Language 1. All bachelor's degree programs are taught in Chinese. Majors marked with 'Chinese & English' as the language of instruction can be taught in English. Please refer to the attachments for more details. 2. A minimum of 20 students is mandatory for English-taught undergraduate programs to commence. Classes will be canceled if enrollment is below this number. VI. Scholarships Categories Scholarship Coverage Application Deadline Note Chinese Government Scholarship Type A (Bilateral Program) Tuition fee, accommodation fee, monthly stipend (No stipend is issued before arrival at the university), comprehensive medical insurance Subject to notification from a Chinese embassy or consulate Applicants should be applied through a Chinese embassy or consulate. Applicants should select Harbin Institute of Technology as the first priority institution when applying (Type-A ） . HIT Scholarship Elite 100% t uition waiver July 15 th ,2026 Introduction to HIT Scholarship: https://studyathit.hit.edu.cn/18367/list.htm First 50% tuition waiver Second 30% tuition fee waiver Third 20% tuition fee waiver Note: Applicants are not allowed to apply for two types of scholarships (including CSC scholarship and HIT scholarship) simultaneously, once discovered, the admission shall be rejected. VII. Contact Tel: +86-451-86418461 E-mail: StudyatHIT@hit.edu.cn VII I . Attachments [download] Physical Examination Record for Foreigner： Physical Examination Record for Foreigners.pdf [download] Major List： Harbin Institute of Technology 2026 Bachelor's Degree Program Major Lists & CSCA Subjects.xls Contact Us Address:No.92 West Dazhi Street,Nangang District,Harbin 150001, P.R. China E-mail:StudyatHIT@hit.edu.cn TEL:+86-451-86418461/+86-451-86402455 Copyright © College of International Education