Language: CHINESE KOREAN РУССКИЙ 哈工大官网 导航 About HIT HIT Introduction Schools & Faculties Contact Us Admissions Degree Programs Bachelor Master PhD Non-degree Programs Pre-university Program Long-term Chinese Language Program Short-term Chinese Language Program Exchange Program Global Summer School (HITGSS) Future Scientific Creators Workshop (HITFSCW) Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship HIT International Students Scholarship Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program-Master's in Business Administration Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program-Master's in Transportation Engineering China Link Scholarship Program Applying Regulations VISA Campus Life Orientation Tips Safety Tips HIT Map Alumni A Letter to International Student Alumni Best wishes Download Center Admissions Degree Programs Non-degree Programs Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship HIT International Students Scholarship Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program-Master's in Business Administration Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program-Master's in Transportation Engineering China Link Scholarship Program Applying homepage Admissions Scholarships HIT International Students Scholarship HIT International Students Scholarship I. Introduction The Harbin Institute of Technology International Students Scholarship (HIT Scholarship) was established to sponsor outstanding international students to pursue their studies at HIT. II. Scholarship Information Program Duration Scholarship-Tuition Structures Bachelor 's Degree 4 years Elite: 100% tuition fee waiver First: Half tuition fee waiver Second: 30% tuition fee waiver Third: 20% tuition fee waiver Master's Degree 2-3 years Doctoral Degree 4 years III. Eligibility Basic Requirements: 1. Applicants must be citizens of a country other than the People's Republic of China. 2. Be in good health both mentally and physically. 3. Consciously abide by the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China and the rules and regulations of the university. 4. No Double Benefits Allowed - Students cannot receive multiple scholarships. Other Requirements: 5. When applying for a bachelor's degree program, be a high school diploma holder under 25. When applying for a master's degree program, be a bachelor's degree holder under 30. When applying for a doctoral degree program, be a master's degree holder under 35. 6. Lang uage proficiency certificates Chinese-taught programs: HSK level 4 ≥ 210 scores (valid for two years). English-taught programs: TOEFL≥80scores, IELTS≥ 6.0 scores, or equivalent English language proficiency certificates. 7. Excellent academic performance. IV. Application Documents The application documents in other languages must be notarized in English or Chinese. Bachelor's Degree Program ① Passport homepage copy. ② High school diploma (the expected graduation certificate is acceptable). The original high school diploma must be submitted upon registration (if the original is not in Chinese or English, a notarized translation must also be provided). ③ High school transcripts. ④ China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) score report. ⑤ Language proficiency certificates (consistent with the language of instruction applied for). Chinese-taught programs (Excluding Chinese Language and Literature major): There is no requirement for applicants ' English proficiency. HSK level 4 ≥ 210 scores (valid for two years). lf the language of instruction in the previous degree is Chinese, the applicant can provide the Chinese language instruction certificate issued by the previous institution. There is no requirement for applicants' English proficiency. English-taught programs: There is no requirement for applicants' Chinese proficiency. Applicants should have an Academic lELTS>6.0 (no subtest lower than 5.5), or TOEFL (iBT) >80. Or other authorized equivalent standards of English proficiency. If the language of instruction for compulsory courses in the applicant ' s previous degree program was English, the applicant can provide the English language instruction certificate issued by the previous degree institution. ⑥ Physical examination record for foreigners (valid within six months). ⑦ Non-criminal record report (valid within six months). ⑧ Applicants who will not reach the age of 18 by September 1, 2026, are required to submit a notarized certificate of guardianship for minors. ⑨ Curriculum Vitae. ⑩ Remittance voucher of application fee for self-financed students (CNY 400 or USD 60 / CNY 600 or USD 90) Note: Failure to pay the application fee or failure to indicate the applicant's passport name at the time of transfer will be considered invalid. ⑪ Certificate of deposit (at least CNY 20,000 or equivalent foreign currency). ⑫ Proof of outstanding academic achievements, sports, art, cultural exchanges, public welfare activities, etc. (optional). Master's Degree Program 1. Application form for HIT Scholarship (filled in online). 2. Passport homepage. 3. Bachelor's degree certificate or expected graduation certificate. 4. Academic transcript of all undergraduate courses. 5. Language proficiency certificates. Chinese-taught programs: HSK level 4 ≥ 210 scores (valid for two years). English-taught programs: TOEFL≥80 scores, IELTS≥ 6.0 scores or other equivalent English language proficiency certificates, Note: Applicants who have completed their bachelor's degree program taught in Chinese are not required to provide language proficiency certificates if they continue a Chinese-taught program. 6. A study plan (more than 1,500 words). 7. Two recommendation letters from professors or associate professors. 8. Physical Examination Record for Foreigner (usually issued six months before the application submission date). 9. Non-criminal record report (usually issued within six months before the application submission date). 10. Remittance voucher of application fee (CNY600). 11. Certificate of deposit (at least CNY30,000 or equivalent foreign currency). 12. Copies of published papers, awards, and other achievements (not mandatory). Doctoral Degree Program 1. Application form for HIT Scholarship (filled in online). 2. Passport homepage. 3. Master's degree certificate or expected graduation certificate. 4. Academic transcript of all master's degree courses. 5. Language proficiency certificates. Chinese-taught programs: HSK level 4 ≥ 210 scores (valid for two years). English-taught programs: TOEFL≥80 scores, IELTS≥ 6.0 scores, or equivalent English language proficiency certificates. Note: Applicants who have completed their master's degree program taught in Chinese must not provide language proficiency certificates if they continue a Chinese-taught program. 6. A study plan (more than 1,500 words). 7. Two recommendation letters from professors or associate professors. 8. Physical Examination Record for Foreigner (usually issued six months before the application submission date). 9. Non-criminal record report (usually issued within six months before the application submission date). 10. Remittance voucher of application fee (CNY600). 11. Certificate of deposit (at least CNY30,000 or equivalent foreign currency). 12. Copies of published papers, awards, and other achievements (not mandatory). Important Notice 1. Applicants must ensure that the application materials are authentic and valid. Any applicants found to have engaged in falsification or misconduct for personal gain shall have their application, admission, or enrollment qualifications rejected upon verification of the facts; if such circumstances are discovered after enrollment, the student shall be expelled. 2. Application materials must be submitted through the online application system. Materials submitted through non- online application system shall not be accepted. V. Application Period Octo ber 1 st , 2025 2026 Application Opens May 31 st , 20 26 Application Deadline VI. Application Process Step 1: Log in to the online application system to fill in the application form. The online application system is available at https://hit.at0086.cn/student Step 2: Pay an application fee of CNY600. Remittance Information: Beneficiary Name: Harbin Institute of Technology Account Number: 3500040109008900513 Bank Name: Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Harbin, Da Zhi Branch Bank Address: 318 East Dazhi Street, Harbin, People's Republic of China SWIFT/BIC: ICBKCNBJHLJ Note: 1. The application fee is non-refundable. Currently, Alipay or WeChat payment is not supported. 2. Please mark the applicant's passport name and passport number on the remittance voucher. VII. Annual Review The College of International Education of HIT reviews scholarship recipients annually, including their academic performances, learning attitude, attendance, behavioral performances, rewards, punishments, etc. The annual evaluation of scholarships is divided into two types: qualified and unqualified. If a student fails to pass the annual review assessment of scholarship, the scholarship eligibility will be terminated at the beginning of the next academic year. VIII. Contact Tel: +86-451-86418461 E-mail: StudyatHIT@hit.edu.cn Contact Us Address:No.92 West Dazhi Street,Nangang District,Harbin 150001, P.R. China E-mail:StudyatHIT@hit.edu.cn TEL:+86-451-86418461/+86-451-86402455 Copyright © College of International Education