Skip to content KUHub Quick Menu Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Discover Koç Why Koç University? Discover why students and scholars from around the world choose Koç University. Campus Life Experience a unique campus environment that nurtures your intellectual, academic, and personal growth. Academic and Research environment Explore the excellence of Koç University's academic and research environment. Career Development Get detailed information about how Koç University's Career Development Center supports international students and alumni in exploring career options, preparing for opportunities, and building necessary connections for informed career choices. Living in İstanbul Explore the endless opportunities Türkiye and Istanbul have to offer. Student Stories Learn about the experiences of our students from all over the world, and discover their stories. Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Discover Koç University's global rankings, prestigious accreditations, international memberships, partnerships, and initiatives. Team Get to know our administrative team. Mission, Vision and Values Learn about the mission, vision, and values of Koç University's Student Recruitment Directorate. Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Explore Koç University's faculties and undergraduate programs. Core Program Learn more about the Core Program, which ensures all undergraduate students gain knowledge not only in their chosen major but also across various disciplines. Dormitories Access information about Koç University dorms, virtual tours, announcements, services, and FAQs. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process and steps. Admission Statistics Examine the descriptive statistics compiled from international undergraduate application data to provide reliable research information. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university admission process. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees, living costs, and scholarships for international students. Resources for Parents Take a closer look at the resources available for parents and families to learn about what Koç University offers. Resources for High School Counselors Access the most popular Koç University resources for high school counselors and educators. Admitted Students Stay up-to-date on all the admission steps by reviewing our guide and instructions. Graduate Programs Programs Offered Explore our graduate programs, designed to connect academia and the business community, prepare students to be socially responsible global leaders, and offer diverse career opportunities. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process for international students applying to graduate programs. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university application process for graduate programs. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees and scholarship opportunities for graduate programs offered at Koç University. Scholarships Overview Explore our scholarship opportunities for international undergraduate and graduate students. Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Explore detailed information about the Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program, including eligible programs at Koç University and how to apply. Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University Learn detailed information about the Turkish Scholarships program, which provides financial support for international students pursuing their studies. HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Learn detailed information about the full scholarships provided for students from Pakistan to pursue MS - leading to Ph.D. and Ph.D. degrees at Koç University's research graduate programs. Fung Fellowship at Koç University Learn detailed information about The Fung Fellowship Program, a joint scholarship initiative between Koç University and the Victor and William Fung Foundation, designed to support students pursuing their Ph.D. degrees. Contact Contact Us Learn about our campuses and campus services. Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country Access the list of authorized education representatives by country. News Stay updated with the latest news about Koç University. Events Stay informed about our latest events and watch our past webinars. Search Search Results Filter Pages Other Pages Other Search Results Appear Here KUHub You can search by typing at least 3 characters. All Pages Other Discover Koç Why Koç University? Campus Life Academic and Research environment Career Development Living in İstanbul Student Stories Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Team Mission, Vision and Values Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Core Program Dormitories How to Apply Admission Statistics Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Resources for Parents Resources for High School Counselors Admitted Students Graduate Programs Programs Offered How to Apply Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Scholarships Overview Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Fung Fellowship at Koç University Contact Contact Us Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country News Events Top Links Undergraduate Application Graduate Programs Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Previous Page Önceki Sayfalar Home Undergraduate Programs How to Apply Home Undergraduate Programs How to Apply Previous Page How to Apply APPLY Koç University International Undergraduate Admissions Fall 2026 Application Dates Early Application: 01 January 2026 - 01 March 2026 Regular Application: 02 March 2026 - 31 May 2026 Late Application: 01 June - 15 July 2026 (Extended deadline: 05 August 2026) For School of Medicine 15 April 2026 - 31 May 2026 IMPORTANT : Applications received until 15 July 2026 will be guaranteed on-campus housing. Entry Qualifications Koç University is a non-profit research university and maintains a highly competitive and selective admissions process. We are looking to admit the best and the brightest high school leavers across the world. Therefore, all past academic and personal information provided by the applicants is expected to point out their potential to attain academic excellence during their course of study. Candidates are evaluated in a holistic manner taking into account their academic performance in high school, entry qualifications, extra-curricular activities, recommendation letters, and the motivation to join Koç University and one of our undergraduate programs. To apply to Koç University as an international student, you need to complete and submit an online application form . You should not email or post any documents to the university during the application process. In order to be qualified for an offer to study at Koç University, all applicants must meet the entry qualification requirements of their intended program(s) of study. Although SAT I is the most common one submitted by international applicants, we also recognize a wide range of other international and country-specific qualifications. As an international prospective student, please keep in mind that you are expected to provide all of the requirements listed below for a competitive application. 1) Notes on Entry qualifications & Eligibility Important Notes If you have one of the eligible test scores or diplomas, but with scores below our minimum criteria, you will not be offered admission. All standardized test scores (e.g., SAT, ACT, MCAT, AP, EGE, ENT, CBSE, CISCE, ATAR, …) are valid for 2 years. There is no time limitation on eligible diploma grades. If your qualification allows for online verification, you must select Koç University as one of the score recipients. Otherwise, it will not be accepted as valid. Applicants may be asked to provide additional qualifications and documents or sit for interviews if needed. You can apply with your predicted IB or A-level scores issued by your school. The minimum scores in the eligible entry qualifications list must be used as a guide only, and therefore, meeting them will not automatically guarantee an offer. We strongly recommend that you apply as early as possible if you have all your documents ready. The weight given to each admission criterion will vary across applicants with respect to individual backgrounds and merits. Please check the guidance if you have TRNC citizenship or acquired TC citizenship by birth. You are advised to refer to our Registrar's website for further guidance on your eligibility to apply as an international student. If the documents or information required for registration are determined to be false or fraudulent, the student's relationship with the University will be terminated, and the student's registration will be canceled. In this case, the tuition fee paid is not refundable. Relevant students cannot request the continuation of their registration by providing new documents. 2025 Koç University International Student Enrollment Quotas Below are the enrollment quotas for international students for each program approved by the Higher Education Council of Turkey (YÖK) for Koç University for the 2025/26 academic year. The Fall 2026 quotas will be announced here in the upcoming months. College Name Program Name 2025 International Student Enrollment Quota School of Law (CL) BA Law (LAW) 15 School of Medicine (SOM) MD Medicine (MEDI) 20 School of Nursing (SON) BSc Nursing (NURS) 15 College of Social Sciences and Humanities (CSSH) BA Archaeology and History of Art (ARHA) 5 BA Philosophy (PHIL) 5 BA Comparative Literature (CLTR) 10 BA Media and Visual Arts (MAVA) 30 BA Psychology (PSYC) 45 BA Sociology (SOCI) 10 BA History (HIST) 10 College of Administrative Sciences and Economics (CASE) BA Economics (ECON) 20 BA Business Administration (BUSAD) 40 BA International Relations (INTL) 20 College of Engineering (CE) BSc Computer Engineering (COMP) 20 BSc Electrical and Electronics Engineering (ELEC) 20 BSc Industrial Engineering (INDR) 20 BSc Chemical and Biological Engineering (CHBI) 20 BSc Mechanical Engineering (MECH) 20 College of Sciences (CS) BSc Physics (PHYS) 5 BSc Chemistry (CHEM) 5 BSc Mathematics (MATH) 10 BSc Molecular Biology and Genetics (MBGE) 15 Glossary CASE: College of Administrative Sciences and Economics CSSH: College of Social Sciences and Humanities SON: School of Nursing CE: College of Engineering CS: College of Science Law: Law School SOM: School of Medicine As an international student, you are qualified to apply only with one qualification using either "A" OR "B" : A) International qualifications SAT SAT (Scholastic Aptitude Test) College of Administrative Sciences and Economics, College of Social Sciences and Humanities, School of Nursing 1200 out of 1600 College of Science 1260 out of 1600 College of Engineering 1300 out of 1600 Law School 1420 out of 1600 School of Medicine 1450 out of 1600 Electronic score reports should be sent directly by College Board to Koç University with the college code 1931. Test scores older than 2 years at the time of application will not be accepted. Applicants are responsible to disclose all tests taken and valid scores achieved. Reported 'Evidence-based Reading and Writing' and 'Math' scores must be from the same session; superscores are not accepted. AP AP (Advanced Placement) College of Administrative Sciences and Economics Minimum 4 AP Subjects: - Calculus AB or BC with a minimum score of 4 - 3 other relevant subjects (Preferably from Arts, History and Social Sciences tracks) achieved with a minimum score of 4 College of Social Sciences and Humanities Minimum 4 AP Subjects: - 4 relevant subjects (Preferably from Arts, History and Social Sciences, World Languages and Cultures tracks) achieved with a minimum score of 3 School of Nursing Minimum 4 AP subjects: - Calculus AB or BC achieved with a minimum score of 4 - 3 other relevant subjects (Preferably from Sciences, Math, and Computer Science tracks) achieved with a minimum score of 3 College of Engineering , College of Science Minimum 4 AP subjects: - Calculus AB or BC with a minimum score of 5 - 3 other relevant subjects (Preferably from Sciences and Computer Science tracks) with a minimum score of 4 Law School Minimum 4 AP subjects: - 4 relevant subjects (Preferably from Arts, History and Social Sciences tracks) achieved with a minimum score of 4 School of Medicine Minimum 4 AP Exams: - AP Calculus AB or BC with a minimum score of 5 - 3 other relevant subjects (Preferably from the Sciences track) with a minimum score of 4 AP exams taken 2 years after matriculation are not accepted. Applicants are not required to have completed an AP course to sit for an AP exam. Applications submitted with subjects taken other than what is stated on the college-specific requirements list will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. ACT ACT (American College Testing) College of Administrative Sciences and Economics ,College of Social Sciences and Humanities, School of Nursing 25 out of 36 College of Science 27 out of 36 College of Engineering 28 out of 36 Law School 32 out of 36 School of Medicine 33 out of 36 Electronic score reports should be sent directly by ACT to Koç University with the college code 3017. Test scores older than 2 years at the time of application will not be accepted. Applicants are responsible for disclosing all tests taken and valid scores achieved. The writing part (Essay) of the ACT is not required. Reported scores must be from the same session. Only 'Highest Full Battery' scores are accepted. A-Levels A-Levels (including international A-Levels) College of Administrative Sciences and Economics, College of Social Sciences and Humanities 3 A-Levels with grades B or higher in relevant subjects (Preferably from Creative and Professional, Humanities and Social Sciences, and Mathematics groups) College of Science, School of Nursing 3 A-Levels with grades B or higher in relevant subjects (Preferably from Creative and Professional, Sciences, and Mathematics groups) College of Engineering 3 A-Levels with grades A or higher in Math and B or higher in 2 other relevant subjects (Preferably from Creative and Professional, Sciences, and Mathematics groups) Law School 3 A-Levels with grades A or higher in relevant subjects (Preferably from Creative and Professional, Humanities and Social Sciences, and Mathematics groups) School of Medicine 3 A-Levels with grades A or higher in relevant subjects (Preferably from Sciences and Mathematics groups) Applicants who are taking A-Levels with boards other than Cambridge International, Oxford AQA or Pearson Edexcel are expected to present a valid SAT/ACT in line with their selected program(s) minimum entry requirement. Applications submitted with subjects taken other than what is stated on the college-specific requirements list will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. IB Diploma IB (International Baccalaureate) Diploma College of Administrative Sciences and Economics, College of Social Sciences and Humanities, School of Nursing 33 out of 45 from 6 subjects (preferably Mathematics and two individuals and societies or arts subjects at HL) College of Science 35 out of 45 from 6 subjects (preferably Mathematics and two Science group subjects at HL) College of Engineering 39 out of 45 from 6 subjects (preferably Mathematics and two Science group subjects at HL) Law School 41 out of 45 from 6 subjects (preferably Mathematics and two individuals and societies or arts subjects at HL) School of Medicine 41 out of 45 from 6 subjects (preferably Mathematics, Chemistry, and Biology at HL) Applications will be assessed based on the predicted/actual scores achieved from a combination of HL and SL subjects where at least 3 subjects must be taken at higher level. As per Council of Higher Education (YÖK) regulations, IB certificates can not be accepted as a valid entry qualification. Once the results are announced, applicants must request that transcripts be sent directly to Koç University by placing a request through rrs.ibo.org EB (European Baccalaureate) EB (European Baccalaureate) College of Administrative Sciences and Economics, College of Social Sciences and Humanities, School of Nursing, College of Engineering, College of Science Diploma grade: 80% or at least 8 in relevant subjects Law School Diploma grade: 90% or at least 8 in relevant subjects (one of which should be History/Philosophy) School of Medicine Diploma grade: 90% or at least 8 in relevant subjects (one of which should be Mathematics) MCAT (School of Medicine Only) MCAT (Medical College Admission Test) School of Medicine A total score of at least in the 70th percentile Percentile ranks information in effect indicates that 70th percentile will correspond to an overall score of 507/508 in MCAT for the majority of 2023 test sessions. Applicants may submit their UCAT or BMAT exams as part of their application folder if they don't have an MCAT exam score report. TR-YÖS TR-YÖS College of Administrative Sciences and Economics, College of Social Sciences and Humanities, School of Nursing A total score of at least 425 out of 500 points (85%) College of Engineering, College of Science A total score of at least 450 out of 500 points (90%) School of Medicine A total score of at least 475 out of 500 points (95%) YÖS exams administered by other Universities in Turkey are not acceptable. For more information on TR-YÖS, please visit this page Law School does not accept TR-YÖS. B) Qualifications by country If your country isn't listed above, it means that your national qualification is not accepted by Koç University, and hence you must submit one of the international qualifications stated above, with your application. Check the qualifications for your country/region: Select a country 2) Other mandatory application requirements If your country isn't listed above, it means that your national qualification is not accepted by Koç University, and hence you must submit one of the international qualifications stated above, with your application. Official high school transcripts High school transcripts or predicted results from every attended grade (9th, 10th, 11th, and if available 12th grades). You should upload a copy of official transcripts of your high school courses and grades showing your final Grade Point Average (GPA) or equivalent grading system. If you apply whilst you are still enrolled in your last year of high school you can submit an official document from your school stating your predicted grades along with your mid-year report. Letter(s) of recommendation You will be asked to provide contact details (name, surname, institutional email address, job title) for every referee (this can be a teacher, headteacher, or guidance counselor) who can provide recommendations on your behalf for university admission. The referees will receive an email from Koç University asking them to complete a recommendation form. Make sure you remind them enough time in advance to prepare their recommendation letters. The recommendation letter(s) can either be written in English or Turkish. You will be able to see if your referees have submitted their recommendation in your online application form and they will receive an email confirming that they have successfully submitted their recommendation letter. Motivation Letter The motivation letter should be the place where your unique experience, interests, and motivations can "shine" in front of our Admissions Committee. You should use 1-2 pages to explain why you would like to study your program of choice, talk about the academic and extra-curricular activities that have helped you make your decision to study a specific major and that would make you ready for university life, and why specifically do you think Koç University's program is a good fit for your character, goals, and style of learning. Always remember: plagiarism will mean an automatic rejection, make sure there are no spelling or grammar mistakes, and before uploading this document ask yourself: could this have been written by anyone else other than me? If the answer is yes, then go back and revise. Below we have put together some sample motivation letters to guide you in the process. Sample motivation letter - Medicine Sample motivation letter - Engineering Sample motivation letter - Business Administration Sample motivation letter - Psychology Documentation of English proficiency Test Minimum Exemption Score Minimum Section Scores Notes TOEFL iBT 4.5/6 Not Applicable Exams taken on or after January 21, 2026: Minimum 4.5 (total) Exams taken before January 21, 2026: Minimum 80 total and 20 in Writing (Valid for 2 years - Home Edition and MyBest Score results are not accepted) Electronic score reports should be sent directly by ETS to Koç University with the college code 0163 Cambridge Certificate of Advanced English (CAE) Grade C (180 or above) Not applicable Scores older than 3 years at the time of application will not be accepted. Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE) Grade C (200 or above) Not applicable Scores older than 3 years at the time of application will not be accepted. Pearson PTE Academic 67 Not applicable Electronic score reports should be sent directly by Pearson to Koç University. Scores older than 2 years at the time of application will not be accepted. YDS/e-Yds 80 Not applicable Applicable only to Turkish nationals and foreigners with foreign national ID numbers. Scores older than 5 years at the time of application will not be accepted. Koç University will no longer offer an internal English proficiency exam for international students. Students who completed the last 3 years of high school education in an eligible majority English-speaking country* will be exempted from submitting a valid English Proficiency Exam Result and will directly begin their undergraduate courses. *Eligible countries include: Australia, New Zealand, Canada (except for Quebec province), United Kingdom, Ireland, United States of America, Antigua and Barbuda, The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, St Kitts and Nevis, St Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad, and Tobago. Per the latest instruction letter for Foreign Language Exam Equivalencies issued by the Center for Selection and Placement of Students (ÖSYM), for an international language exam taken in Türkiye to be accepted as equivalent, it must be taken in a state university building. Therefore, TOEFL iBT, PTE, or CAE/CPE tests taken at private test centers in Türkiye will not be accepted. Unless shared electronically by the official testing institution, test scores will not be considered valid. IELTS is not accepted as a valid English proficiency exam as per The Council of Higher Education (YÖK) regulations. Pre-Recorded Video Interview In this section, you will be presented with one randomly generated question and you are expected to read over the question and then record your answer accordingly within the allowed time frame. The interview is about your motivation and strengths as a candidate and is not designed to measure your technical knowledge of the program(s) you are applying. You will not be able to repeat the question or re-record your answer. All applicants are asked to provide an online interview and it does not imply that you have been shortlisted. Non-refundable application fee You will find the instructions on how to pay the application fee on the application form using a credit card. Please make sure the credit card used to pay for the application fee is authorized or enables you to do online purchases and purchases outside of your country if you are paying with a non-Turkish bank credit card. You can pay for the application fee with a family member's or other authorized person's credit card but they will need to provide you with the code they will receive as an SMS message on the mobile phone registered with the credit card. There are no application fee waivers for undergraduate international applications. If you do not pay the application fee your application will not be evaluated. The application fee is determined each year and published on the online application system ( apply.ku.edu.tr ) and it is non-refundable once it has been paid by the applicant. 3) Optional application documents 3) Optional application documents Official High School Diploma (if available at the time of submission) If available, a copy of your National High School Diploma certified by the issuing institution or notary public offices as genuine copies of the original and translated to English or Turkish IF the original is not in English or Turkish. Please refer to Certifying Copies of your Original Documents section for details. Extracurricular activities In the application form, you will be asked to submit the extra-curricular activities you have participated in that you think would be relevant for your evaluation (If applicable). Please note that if you don't have extracurricular activities or achievements, this will not negatively affect your evaluation as a candidate. You can upload certificates, letters, or other evidence of participation in these activities in the "Checklist" section of the application form under "Activities". You don't have to translate certificates or letters that are not in English or in Turkish. If there is no date available for the honor, award, or activity, please type the date of your application. Turkish proficiency requirements School of Law Turkish proficiency requirements Students applying to the Law undergraduate program must demonstrate at least C1 level proficiency in the Turkish language -within the framework of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages- as approved by either TÖMER or Yunus Emre Institute. School of Medicine Turkish proficiency requirements The language of instruction at Koç University Faculty of Medicine is English. However, Turkish is spoken when patients are present. Therefore, students whose native language is not Turkish or who do not have sufficient Turkish proficiency in communicating with patients before starting their second year of medical school must have a B1 level of Turkish proficiency defined in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages. Before beginning their fourth year (Clinical Year 1), they must have a C1-level of Turkish proficiency certificate. This certificate is a prerequisite for starting the fourth year for this group of students and successfully completing the third year. Information about how to learn Turkish will be provided during the Orientation program by the International Community Services Office (ICO) and is also available on their website at ico.ku.edu.tr. Undergraduate Course exemptions Course exemption by AP, IB and A-Levels Course Exemptions at Koç University Koç University may award course exemptions to admitted students based on their performance on AP, IB, and A Level exams, granted they meet certain conditions set below. If you are admitted to an undergraduate program and you have submitted your final grade or diploma results from the IB, AP, or GCE (A-level) qualifications with the highest grade possible, you can request to be exempted from specific 1 st year university required courses at Koç University as follows: International Baccalaureate (IB) Subject Exam Grade Required for Exemption Related Course Physics 7 PHYS 101 Mathematics 7 MATH 102/MATH 106 Chemistry 7 CHEM 101 Advanced Placement (AP) Subjects Subject Exam Grade Required for Exemption Related Course Calculus AB 5 MATH 102/MATH 106 Calculus BC 5 MATH 102/MATH 106 Statistics 4 or 5 MATH 201 Chemistry 5 CHEM 101 Physics C: Electricity 5 PHYS 102 Physics C: Mechanics 5 PHYS 101 Biology 5 MBGE 101 GCE (A-level) Subjects Subject Exam Grade Required for Exemption Related Course Physics A* PHYS 101 Mathematics A* MATH 102/MATH 106 Chemistry A* CHEM 101 Notes: Students can be awarded exemption for up to three courses in total. Exemption requests related to subjects not included in the list are evaluated by the College offering the course and submitted to our University Academic Council for approval. The grades of the courses that students are exempt from will be recorded in the transcripts as IB, AP, or AL if they apply. General elective credits to be completed will be increased by the amount of exempted required course credits. Koç University policy on educational agencies or consultants Applying through Educational agencies/Consultancy companies Admission to Koç University and scholarship decisions are not guaranteed by applying through an educational agency or consultancy. Admission decisions are only made by the University's relevant College admissions committee based on all application information and documents, such as academic performance, standardized test scores, extracurricular activities, motivation letter, letters of recommendation, and video interview. Educational agencies or consultants can assist with the application process and provide guidance on how to make the most of your strengths as a candidate. They can help you organize and submit your application materials, and provide information about the university's admission minimum requirements (for standardized test scores or diplomas) and deadlines. Additionally, they can help you understand the university's academic programs, which can help you make a more informed decision about whether Koç University is the right fit for you. However, no one including university international admissions staff, students, alumni, or professors can provide information about your individual chances of being admitted or your chances of being awarded any type of scholarship at any point in the application process. Apply Now Schedule a Meeting Useful links Admission Statistics Tuition and Scholarships Dormitories Frequently Asked Questions Upcoming Events International Transfer Applications Rumelifeneri Yolu 34450 Sarıyer, İstanbul / TR study@ku.edu.tr MENU Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Scholarships Contact Us QUICK MENU Why Koç University? Campus Life Student Stories News Events Download KUHub Mobile! English Cookie Policy Cookies are used to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. You can accept all cookies by selecting "Allow All" or you can edit the settings by selecting "Customize my cookie settings". When you visit a website, information is stored in your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information may be about you, your preferences or your device, and is often used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually identify you directly, it is meant to provide you with a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some cookies. Click on the different category headings to learn more and change our default settings. Click here to view our cookie policy. Allow All Reject All Customize My Cookie Settings Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be turned off in our systems. Statistical Cookies These cookies are used to provide insight into how we can improve our service to all our users and to understand how you interact with our website as an anonymous user. Targeting Cookies These cookies are used to create your profile and provide ads relevant to your interests. It is also used to limit the number of times you see an ad, as well as help measure the effectiveness of the ad campaign. Save My Preferences and Continue Erişilebilirlik Aracı Dolaşım Ayarları Görselleri Gizle Ekran Okuyucusu Hareket Azaltıcı İçerik Ayarları İmleç İmleci büyütün ve renklerini değiştirin. Beyaz Siyah Font Boyutlandırması Font boyutunu büyütün ya da küçültün. Font Boyutu Satır Hizalama Harf Hizalama Metin Büyüteci Okuma Klavuzu Görsel Açıklaması Renk Ayarları Özel Renk Site renklerini değiştirin. Arka Plan Başlıklar İçerik Alanı Renk ayarını temizle Kontrast Canlı Renk (Yüksek) Canlı Renk (Düşük) Seçimleri Temizle