Skip to content KUHub Quick Menu Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Discover Koç Why Koç University? Discover why students and scholars from around the world choose Koç University. Campus Life Experience a unique campus environment that nurtures your intellectual, academic, and personal growth. Academic and Research environment Explore the excellence of Koç University's academic and research environment. Career Development Get detailed information about how Koç University's Career Development Center supports international students and alumni in exploring career options, preparing for opportunities, and building necessary connections for informed career choices. Living in İstanbul Explore the endless opportunities Türkiye and Istanbul have to offer. Student Stories Learn about the experiences of our students from all over the world, and discover their stories. Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Discover Koç University's global rankings, prestigious accreditations, international memberships, partnerships, and initiatives. Team Get to know our administrative team. Mission, Vision and Values Learn about the mission, vision, and values of Koç University's Student Recruitment Directorate. Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Explore Koç University's faculties and undergraduate programs. Core Program Learn more about the Core Program, which ensures all undergraduate students gain knowledge not only in their chosen major but also across various disciplines. Dormitories Access information about Koç University dorms, virtual tours, announcements, services, and FAQs. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process and steps. Admission Statistics Examine the descriptive statistics compiled from international undergraduate application data to provide reliable research information. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university admission process. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees, living costs, and scholarships for international students. Resources for Parents Take a closer look at the resources available for parents and families to learn about what Koç University offers. Resources for High School Counselors Access the most popular Koç University resources for high school counselors and educators. Admitted Students Stay up-to-date on all the admission steps by reviewing our guide and instructions. Graduate Programs Programs Offered Explore our graduate programs, designed to connect academia and the business community, prepare students to be socially responsible global leaders, and offer diverse career opportunities. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process for international students applying to graduate programs. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university application process for graduate programs. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees and scholarship opportunities for graduate programs offered at Koç University. Scholarships Overview Explore our scholarship opportunities for international undergraduate and graduate students. Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Explore detailed information about the Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program, including eligible programs at Koç University and how to apply. Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University Learn detailed information about the Turkish Scholarships program, which provides financial support for international students pursuing their studies. HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Learn detailed information about the full scholarships provided for students from Pakistan to pursue MS - leading to Ph.D. and Ph.D. degrees at Koç University's research graduate programs. Fung Fellowship at Koç University Learn detailed information about The Fung Fellowship Program, a joint scholarship initiative between Koç University and the Victor and William Fung Foundation, designed to support students pursuing their Ph.D. degrees. Contact Contact Us Learn about our campuses and campus services. Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country Access the list of authorized education representatives by country. News Stay updated with the latest news about Koç University. Events Stay informed about our latest events and watch our past webinars. Search Search Results Filter Pages Other Pages Other Search Results Appear Here KUHub You can search by typing at least 3 characters. All Pages Other Discover Koç Why Koç University? Campus Life Academic and Research environment Career Development Living in İstanbul Student Stories Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Team Mission, Vision and Values Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Core Program Dormitories How to Apply Admission Statistics Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Resources for Parents Resources for High School Counselors Admitted Students Graduate Programs Programs Offered How to Apply Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Scholarships Overview Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Fung Fellowship at Koç University Contact Contact Us Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country News Events Top Links Undergraduate Application Graduate Programs Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Previous Page Önceki Sayfalar Home Undergraduate Programs Tuition and Scholarships Home Undergraduate Programs Tuition and Scholarships Previous Page Tuition and Scholarships Tuition Fees, Living Costs, and Scholarships for International Students Tuition fees for Fall 2025/2026 Admitted International Students College Name Program Name 2025/2026 Tuition Fee in USD 2025/2026 Tuition Fee in TL School of Medicine (SOM) MD Medicine (MEDI) 59000 2.520.000 Law School BA Law (LAW) 38000 1.700.000 School of Nursing (SON) BSc Nursing (NURS) 38000 1.700.000 College of Social Sciences and Humanities (CSSH) BA Archaeology and History of Art (ARHA) 38000 1.700.000 BA Philosophy (PHIL) 38000 1.700.000 BA Comparative Literature (CLTR) 38000 1.700.000 BA Media and Visual Arts (MAVA) 38000 1.700.000 BA Psychology (PSYC) 38000 1.700.000 BA Sociology (SOCI) 38000 1.700.000 BA History (HIST) 38000 1.700.000 CASE BA Economics (ECON) 38000 1.700.000 BA Business Administration (BUSAD) 38000 1.700.000 BA International Relations (INTL) 38000 1.700.000 College of Engineering (CE) BSc Computer Engineering (COMP) 38000 1.700.000 BSc Electrical and Electronics Engineering (ELEC) 38000 1.700.000 BSc Industrial Engineering (INDR) 38000 1.700.000 BSc Chemical and Biological Engineering (CHBI) 38000 1.700.000 BSc Mechanical Engineering (MECH) 38000 1.700.000 College of Sciences (CS) BSc Physics (PHYS) 38000 1.700.000 BSc Chemistry (CHEM) 38000 1.700.000 BSc Mathematics (MATH) 38000 1.700.000 These fees cover tuition for 1 academic year (Fall and Spring semesters) and also allow full use of the library, computer laboratories, sports center, and infirmary services. It does not cover other campus services such as dormitories. Tuition fees, dormitory fees, and scholarships are determined each year by the Board of Trustees, taking into account cost increases and the university budget for the year. Click here to see the Tuition Payment Policies for undergraduate students. Important information for students paying their tuition in Turkish Lira: Tuition in TL per year for international admitted applicants with Turkish Citizenship Identity Number (TCKN) will be announced in July 2025. Koç University tuition fees are determined and announced on a semester basis. Fall semester tuition fees are announced in July, and Spring semester tuition fees are announced in January. The annual tuition fee covers the courses in the Fall and Spring semesters and if the payment is made during the University registration period for one year, the fee will cover both the Fall and Spring semesters. Scholarships for International Students Koç University automatically evaluates all new undergraduate international candidates for full or partial tuition-only scholarships based on academic merit. Each academic year, the committee that evaluates transfer student undergraduate-level applications may offer a limited number of partial tuition scholarships to candidates based on their academic achievement. Candidates can add their scholarship request to their "Motivation Letter" in the "required documents" section on our application portal. How to apply for a scholarship? Merit scholarships are awarded on the consideration of all academic and extra-curricular documents and information that demonstrate outstanding performance and potential. There are no specific test scores or GPAs that automatically award a full or partial merit scholarship. There is no separate form or application period for merit scholarships. Admitted candidates receive information in their offer letter as to whether they have been awarded a scholarship or not. There can be no reconsideration of scholarship decisions so please refrain from contacting the Admissions Committee or other Koç University units to request a re-evaluation of your admission or scholarship offer decision. What do our scholarships cover? Undergraduate international or international transfer scholarships cover full or partial tuition fees for each academic year and are awarded for the duration of the undergraduate program. There is no specific academic requirement to maintain the scholarship and scholarship holders are subject to the academic and discipline regulations of Koç University undergraduate students. If you are awarded a Koç University Scholarship you are not eligible to apply to any other Koç University-funded financial aid or scholarships during your studies (eg. dormitory, books, living expenses, or further tuition scholarships). You should ensure that, before accepting a partial Koç University Offer of Admission and Scholarship Offer, you will be able to pay your remaining tuition each semester and cover your living expenses in full as an international student. Country specific scholarships Please check the Scholarships section of our website to find out whether you may be eligible for a specific country-based scholarship. We strongly encourage all international undergraduate applicants to also submit an application to the Turkish Scholarships program (except for Medicine and Law) as these are awarded for 100% tuition waivers and include dormitory accommodation, monthly stipend, flights, and other benefits that are not available from Koç University's own merit-based scholarships for international students. More details are here. Dormitory fees You can see the Koç University main campus and west campus dormitory accommodation description and services provided on our Dormitories website . Make sure you check the 360 dorms virtual tour ! Koç University Dormitory Fees Please always refer to the Dormitory website for up-to-date price information. Please note that our Housing Directorate aims to provide a dormitory place to all new international undergraduate students who do not currently live in Istanbul, if they indicate this on the online application form and complete the housing application form once they have received an offer letter and their Koç University Student Information System (KUSIS) ID number and login details. Costs of Living in Istanbul Please note that typical living costs may range according to lifestyle choices. Costs of Living in Istanbul Rumelifeneri Yolu 34450 Sarıyer, İstanbul / TR study@ku.edu.tr MENU Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Scholarships Contact Us QUICK MENU Why Koç University? Campus Life Student Stories News Events Download KUHub Mobile! English Cookie Policy Cookies are used to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. You can accept all cookies by selecting "Allow All" or you can edit the settings by selecting "Customize my cookie settings". When you visit a website, information is stored in your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information may be about you, your preferences or your device, and is often used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually identify you directly, it is meant to provide you with a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some cookies. Click on the different category headings to learn more and change our default settings. Click here to view our cookie policy. Allow All Reject All Customize My Cookie Settings Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be turned off in our systems. Statistical Cookies These cookies are used to provide insight into how we can improve our service to all our users and to understand how you interact with our website as an anonymous user. Targeting Cookies These cookies are used to create your profile and provide ads relevant to your interests. It is also used to limit the number of times you see an ad, as well as help measure the effectiveness of the ad campaign. Save My Preferences and Continue Erişilebilirlik Aracı Dolaşım Ayarları Görselleri Gizle Ekran Okuyucusu Hareket Azaltıcı İçerik Ayarları İmleç İmleci büyütün ve renklerini değiştirin. Beyaz Siyah Font Boyutlandırması Font boyutunu büyütün ya da küçültün. Font Boyutu Satır Hizalama Harf Hizalama Metin Büyüteci Okuma Klavuzu Görsel Açıklaması Renk Ayarları Özel Renk Site renklerini değiştirin. Arka Plan Başlıklar İçerik Alanı Renk ayarını temizle Kontrast Canlı Renk (Yüksek) Canlı Renk (Düşük) Seçimleri Temizle