Skip to content KUHub Quick Menu Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Discover Koç Why Koç University? Discover why students and scholars from around the world choose Koç University. Campus Life Experience a unique campus environment that nurtures your intellectual, academic, and personal growth. Academic and Research environment Explore the excellence of Koç University's academic and research environment. Career Development Get detailed information about how Koç University's Career Development Center supports international students and alumni in exploring career options, preparing for opportunities, and building necessary connections for informed career choices. Living in İstanbul Explore the endless opportunities Türkiye and Istanbul have to offer. Student Stories Learn about the experiences of our students from all over the world, and discover their stories. Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Discover Koç University's global rankings, prestigious accreditations, international memberships, partnerships, and initiatives. Team Get to know our administrative team. Mission, Vision and Values Learn about the mission, vision, and values of Koç University's Student Recruitment Directorate. Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Explore Koç University's faculties and undergraduate programs. Core Program Learn more about the Core Program, which ensures all undergraduate students gain knowledge not only in their chosen major but also across various disciplines. Dormitories Access information about Koç University dorms, virtual tours, announcements, services, and FAQs. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process and steps. Admission Statistics Examine the descriptive statistics compiled from international undergraduate application data to provide reliable research information. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university admission process. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees, living costs, and scholarships for international students. Resources for Parents Take a closer look at the resources available for parents and families to learn about what Koç University offers. Resources for High School Counselors Access the most popular Koç University resources for high school counselors and educators. Admitted Students Stay up-to-date on all the admission steps by reviewing our guide and instructions. Graduate Programs Programs Offered Explore our graduate programs, designed to connect academia and the business community, prepare students to be socially responsible global leaders, and offer diverse career opportunities. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process for international students applying to graduate programs. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university application process for graduate programs. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees and scholarship opportunities for graduate programs offered at Koç University. Scholarships Overview Explore our scholarship opportunities for international undergraduate and graduate students. Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Explore detailed information about the Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program, including eligible programs at Koç University and how to apply. Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University Learn detailed information about the Turkish Scholarships program, which provides financial support for international students pursuing their studies. HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Learn detailed information about the full scholarships provided for students from Pakistan to pursue MS - leading to Ph.D. and Ph.D. degrees at Koç University's research graduate programs. Fung Fellowship at Koç University Learn detailed information about The Fung Fellowship Program, a joint scholarship initiative between Koç University and the Victor and William Fung Foundation, designed to support students pursuing their Ph.D. degrees. Contact Contact Us Learn about our campuses and campus services. Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country Access the list of authorized education representatives by country. News Stay updated with the latest news about Koç University. Events Stay informed about our latest events and watch our past webinars. Search Search Results Filter Pages Other Pages Other Search Results Appear Here KUHub You can search by typing at least 3 characters. All Pages Other Discover Koç Why Koç University? Campus Life Academic and Research environment Career Development Living in İstanbul Student Stories Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Team Mission, Vision and Values Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Core Program Dormitories How to Apply Admission Statistics Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Resources for Parents Resources for High School Counselors Admitted Students Graduate Programs Programs Offered How to Apply Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Scholarships Overview Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Fung Fellowship at Koç University Contact Contact Us Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country News Events Top Links Undergraduate Application Graduate Programs Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Previous Page Önceki Sayfalar Home Scholarships Overview Home Scholarships Overview Previous Page Scholarships Scholarships at Koç University for international students Koç University prides itself in offering scholarship packages for high-caliber international and domestic undergraduate and graduate students that meet our selective admissions criteria. Undergraduate International Scholarships Koç University awards merit-based tuition scholarships of 25%, 50%, 75%, or 100% to outstanding candidates each year (except for Medicine). There is no separate application period or scholarship form. All candidates will be informed if they have been awarded a scholarship or not with their admission offer. To be considered for a merit-based scholarship please keep the following information in mind before submitting your application: Submitting an application without one of the required exam scores (SAT/ACT, IB, A-Levels, or others) significantly diminishes your admission chances and therefore your scholarship chances. You can see the list of eligible exam scores here . All admitted students are first evaluated for a merit-based scholarship by the Admissions Committee on the basis of academic merit only (need-blind). These scholarships can be awarded for 25%, 50%, 75%, or 100% of the annual tuition for the duration of the program. Merit-based scholarships do not include any other benefits (housing, living expenses, books, etc). The School of Medicine does NOT award any type of merit or need-based scholarships for admitted international students. You should carefully consider before applying if you are able to fund your Medicine studies without a scholarship. Scholarship results are communicated to candidates with the admission offer letter from our Registrar's Office via email on the dates indicated here . For specific scholarships based on citizenship please visit the pages under "Scholarships" on this website or email us at study@ku.edu.tr for details. Graduate International Scholarships (Master with Thesis/Research Masters) To be considered for a scholarship: Complete and submit the online application form for your Master with Thesis program of interest with all the required documents (this includes a valid GRE/GMAT and TOEFL test score). There are NO SEPARATE SCHOLARSHIP FORMS. Graduate program applications are available here . Submitting an application without the required exam scores (GRE/GMAT, TOEFL) significantly diminishes your admission chances and therefore your scholarship chances. All admitted Master with Thesis students are awarded 100% merit-based scholarships by the relevant Graduate School (except for the Graduate School of Health Sciences). Merit-based scholarships may also include other benefits (living expenses, health insurance) depending on the Graduate School. Please note that the LLM with Thesis program is not included in this category. Scholarship results are communicated to candidates with the admission offer letter from the relevant Graduate School via email on the dates indicated on their respective websites under "Admission". For specific Master scholarships based on citizenship please visit the pages under "Scholarships" on this website or email us at study@ku.edu.tr for details. Graduate International Scholarships (Master without Thesis/Taught Masters) Professional master's programs (Master without Thesis) at Koç University in the fields of Data Science, Cybersecurity, Computer Engineering, LLM, Public Policy, Global Health, MBA, EMBA, Finance, and others, are offered on an affordable tuition-paying basis to both domestic and international students. There are no tuition scholarships for these programs. If you need the scholarship to pursue your graduate studies we recommend that you prepare and submit an application to our Master with Thesis programs instead. The Turkish Government's Turkish Scholarships (Türkiye Bursları) program at Koç University does NOT include support for Master Non-Thesis programs. Graduate International Scholarships (Ph.D./Doctoral) Koç University offers all Ph.D. domestic and international admitted students a full scholarship for the duration of their studies. Admission to our Ph.D. programs is very competitive due to the very large number of qualified applicants. To be considered for admission and therefore, the scholarship, we recommend that you keep in mind the following information before submitting your application: Complete and submit the online application form for your Ph.D. program of interest with all the required documents. There are NO SEPARATE SCHOLARSHIP FORMS. Graduate program applications are available here . Submitting an application without the required exam scores (GRE/GMAT, TOEFL) significantly diminishes your admission chances and therefore your scholarship chances. All admitted Ph.D. students are awarded 100% merit-based scholarships by the relevant Graduate School (except the Graduate School of Health Sciences). Merit-based scholarships may also include other benefits (housing, living expenses, health insurance) depending on the Graduate School. Scholarship results are communicated to candidates with the admission offer letter from the relevant Graduate School via email on the dates indicated on their respective websites under "Admission". For specific Ph.D. scholarships based on citizenship please visit the pages under "Scholarships" on this website or email us at study@ku.edu.tr for details Looking for additional funding? Postgrad Solutions now offer 15 bursaries across a number of subject areas. Click here to apply - How to apply for a Postgrad Solutions Study Bursary | Postgrad.com Rumelifeneri Yolu 34450 Sarıyer, İstanbul / TR study@ku.edu.tr MENU Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Scholarships Contact Us QUICK MENU Why Koç University? Campus Life Student Stories News Events Download KUHub Mobile! English Cookie Policy Cookies are used to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. You can accept all cookies by selecting "Allow All" or you can edit the settings by selecting "Customize my cookie settings". When you visit a website, information is stored in your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information may be about you, your preferences or your device, and is often used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually identify you directly, it is meant to provide you with a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some cookies. Click on the different category headings to learn more and change our default settings. Click here to view our cookie policy. Allow All Reject All Customize My Cookie Settings Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be turned off in our systems. Statistical Cookies These cookies are used to provide insight into how we can improve our service to all our users and to understand how you interact with our website as an anonymous user. Targeting Cookies These cookies are used to create your profile and provide ads relevant to your interests. It is also used to limit the number of times you see an ad, as well as help measure the effectiveness of the ad campaign. Save My Preferences and Continue Erişilebilirlik Aracı Dolaşım Ayarları Görselleri Gizle Ekran Okuyucusu Hareket Azaltıcı İçerik Ayarları İmleç İmleci büyütün ve renklerini değiştirin. Beyaz Siyah Font Boyutlandırması Font boyutunu büyütün ya da küçültün. Font Boyutu Satır Hizalama Harf Hizalama Metin Büyüteci Okuma Klavuzu Görsel Açıklaması Renk Ayarları Özel Renk Site renklerini değiştirin. Arka Plan Başlıklar İçerik Alanı Renk ayarını temizle Kontrast Canlı Renk (Yüksek) Canlı Renk (Düşük) Seçimleri Temizle