Skip to content KUHub Quick Menu Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Discover Koç Why Koç University? Discover why students and scholars from around the world choose Koç University. Campus Life Experience a unique campus environment that nurtures your intellectual, academic, and personal growth. Academic and Research environment Explore the excellence of Koç University's academic and research environment. Career Development Get detailed information about how Koç University's Career Development Center supports international students and alumni in exploring career options, preparing for opportunities, and building necessary connections for informed career choices. Living in İstanbul Explore the endless opportunities Türkiye and Istanbul have to offer. Student Stories Learn about the experiences of our students from all over the world, and discover their stories. Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Discover Koç University's global rankings, prestigious accreditations, international memberships, partnerships, and initiatives. Team Get to know our administrative team. Mission, Vision and Values Learn about the mission, vision, and values of Koç University's Student Recruitment Directorate. Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Explore Koç University's faculties and undergraduate programs. Core Program Learn more about the Core Program, which ensures all undergraduate students gain knowledge not only in their chosen major but also across various disciplines. Dormitories Access information about Koç University dorms, virtual tours, announcements, services, and FAQs. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process and steps. Admission Statistics Examine the descriptive statistics compiled from international undergraduate application data to provide reliable research information. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university admission process. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees, living costs, and scholarships for international students. Resources for Parents Take a closer look at the resources available for parents and families to learn about what Koç University offers. Resources for High School Counselors Access the most popular Koç University resources for high school counselors and educators. Admitted Students Stay up-to-date on all the admission steps by reviewing our guide and instructions. Graduate Programs Programs Offered Explore our graduate programs, designed to connect academia and the business community, prepare students to be socially responsible global leaders, and offer diverse career opportunities. How to Apply Learn detailed information about Koç University's current admissions process for international students applying to graduate programs. Application FAQ's Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about the university application process for graduate programs. Tuition and Scholarships Learn detailed information about tuition fees and scholarship opportunities for graduate programs offered at Koç University. Scholarships Overview Explore our scholarship opportunities for international undergraduate and graduate students. Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Explore detailed information about the Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program, including eligible programs at Koç University and how to apply. Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University Learn detailed information about the Turkish Scholarships program, which provides financial support for international students pursuing their studies. HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Learn detailed information about the full scholarships provided for students from Pakistan to pursue MS - leading to Ph.D. and Ph.D. degrees at Koç University's research graduate programs. Fung Fellowship at Koç University Learn detailed information about The Fung Fellowship Program, a joint scholarship initiative between Koç University and the Victor and William Fung Foundation, designed to support students pursuing their Ph.D. degrees. Contact Contact Us Learn about our campuses and campus services. Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country Access the list of authorized education representatives by country. News Stay updated with the latest news about Koç University. Events Stay informed about our latest events and watch our past webinars. Search Search Results Filter Pages Other Pages Other Search Results Appear Here KUHub You can search by typing at least 3 characters. All Pages Other Discover Koç Why Koç University? Campus Life Academic and Research environment Career Development Living in İstanbul Student Stories Rankings, Accreditations and Memberships Team Mission, Vision and Values Short Programs Summer High School and Undergraduate Research Program (KUSRP) Summer Programs for High School, Undergraduate and Graduate Students Short Term and Exchange Programs Undergraduate Programs Programs Offered Core Program Dormitories How to Apply Admission Statistics Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Resources for Parents Resources for High School Counselors Admitted Students Graduate Programs Programs Offered How to Apply Application FAQ's Tuition and Scholarships Scholarships Overview Azerbaijan State Scholarship Program Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University HEC Pakistan Scholars at Koç University Fung Fellowship at Koç University Contact Contact Us Transportation Services Authorized Representatives In Your Country News Events Top Links Undergraduate Application Graduate Programs Top Links Koç University Student Guide Registrar's and Student Affairs Directorate International Student Alumni Academic Calendar Campuses Undergraduate Application Prospective Students International Students Scholarship and Tuition Fees Summer Internship Application Graduate Programs GSB GSSSH GSSE GSHS Previous Page Önceki Sayfalar Home Scholarships Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University Home Scholarships Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University Previous Page Turkish Scholarships Program at Koç University Turkish Scholarships is an international scholarship program funded by the Turkish Government ( Presidency for Turks Abroad and Related Communities ) which provides financial support for international students in their intended program of study at selected public and foundation Turkish universities. The Turkish Scholarships program offers support to students from all countries who wish to pursue undergraduate, master, or Ph.D. programs at Turkish universities. It also supports academicians and post-doctoral researchers to collaborate with Turkish researchers. Koç University has offered joint scholarships with Turkish Scholarships since 2019 for international students as follows: 5 undergraduate scholarships for all programs (except Medicine, Law, and Nursing) 10 Master scholarships for all Master's programs with thesis (excluding Master's in Clinical Pscychology, LL.M and Non-Thesis Master's programs) 20 Ph.D. scholarships for all programs 5-10 Research scholarships (for academicians who have obtained a PhD degree or PhD students at dissertation stage affiliated with universities abroad) What is covered by the Türkiye Scholarships at Koç University? The Turkish Scholarship at Koç University program offers 100% tuition scholarships Dormitory accommodation (according to the monthly support offered by Turkish Scholarships) Monthly stipend (according to the monthly support offered by Turkish Scholarships) Flights Other benefits (Turkish Language Course tuition during studies, visa application support, extra-curricular social and cultural integration activities) Tips for the application and interview process Turkish Scholarships How to Apply? Undergraduate scholarships Complete and submit the online Turkish Scholarships application form and indicate as your 1st preference one of the eligible Koç University undergraduate programs. You should submit the form before their annual deadline in February. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY ALL THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AND INSTRUCTIONS on the Turkish Scholarships "How to Apply" page. Complete and submit the Koç University International Student application form with all the required documents and information before the annual deadline. For Koç University this includes a valid SAT test score and TOEFL test score above the minimum specified for the relevant College. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY ALL THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AND INSTRUCTIONS on the Koç University "How to Apply" page. If selected by the Turkish Scholarships Evaluation Committee for an interview and then approved, and if you are also offered admission by Koç University you will be offered the scholarship to the relevant undergraduate program. Announcement of results is usually done in August-early September each year Master with Thesis scholarships Complete and submit the online Turkish Scholarships application form and indicate as your 1st preference one of the eligible Koç University Master with Thesis programs. You should submit the form before their annual deadline in February. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY ALL THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AND INSTRUCTIONS on the Turkish Scholarships "How to Apply" page. Complete and submit the relevant Koç University Graduate application form with all the required documents and information by the relevant program deadline. This includes a valid GRE test score and TOEFL test score. Applying without these two test scores will mean your application will not be evaluated. Only applicants who are admitted for the FALL semester intake are eligible to be funded by the Turkish Scholarships program. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY ALL THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AND INSTRUCTIONS on the relevant Koç University Graduate School "Admission" pages. If selected by the Turkish Scholarships Evaluation Committee AND the relevant Koç University Graduate School program committee you will be offered admission to the relevant Master's program with the Turkish Scholarships funding. Ph.D. scholarships Complete and submit the relevant Koç University Graduate application form with all the required documents and information by the relevant program deadline. This includes a valid GRE test score and TOEFL test score. Applying without these two test scores will mean your application will not be evaluated. Only applicants who are admitted for the FALL semester intake are eligible to be funded by the Turkish Scholarships program. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY ALL THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AND INSTRUCTIONS on the relevant Koç University Graduate School "Admission" pages. If you are nominated by Koç University to be funded by Turkish Scholarship (this usually is communicated to shortlisted applicants in August-September), you will then be asked to complete and submit the online Turkish Scholarships application form and indicate as your 1st preference the relevant Koç University Ph.D. programs. If approved by the Turkish Scholarships Evaluation Committee you will be offered admission to the relevant Ph.D. program with the Turkish Scholarships funding. Please check the Türkiye Scholarships website for detailed information including their Frequently Asked Questions to know more details about what the scholarship covers, age limits, minimum GPA requirements, and other important information https://www.turkiyeburslari.gov.tr Program brochures Email Email study@ku.edu.tr for details of the program at Koç University or info@turkiyeburslari.org for application portal queries Visit www.turkiyeburslari.gov.tr Application Calendar Rumelifeneri Yolu 34450 Sarıyer, İstanbul / TR study@ku.edu.tr MENU Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Scholarships Contact Us QUICK MENU Why Koç University? Campus Life Student Stories News Events Download KUHub Mobile! English Cookie Policy Cookies are used to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. You can accept all cookies by selecting "Allow All" or you can edit the settings by selecting "Customize my cookie settings". When you visit a website, information is stored in your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information may be about you, your preferences or your device, and is often used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually identify you directly, it is meant to provide you with a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some cookies. Click on the different category headings to learn more and change our default settings. Click here to view our cookie policy. Allow All Reject All Customize My Cookie Settings Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be turned off in our systems. Statistical Cookies These cookies are used to provide insight into how we can improve our service to all our users and to understand how you interact with our website as an anonymous user. Targeting Cookies These cookies are used to create your profile and provide ads relevant to your interests. It is also used to limit the number of times you see an ad, as well as help measure the effectiveness of the ad campaign. Save My Preferences and Continue Erişilebilirlik Aracı Dolaşım Ayarları Görselleri Gizle Ekran Okuyucusu Hareket Azaltıcı İçerik Ayarları İmleç İmleci büyütün ve renklerini değiştirin. Beyaz Siyah Font Boyutlandırması Font boyutunu büyütün ya da küçültün. Font Boyutu Satır Hizalama Harf Hizalama Metin Büyüteci Okuma Klavuzu Görsel Açıklaması Renk Ayarları Özel Renk Site renklerini değiştirin. Arka Plan Başlıklar İçerik Alanı Renk ayarını temizle Kontrast Canlı Renk (Yüksek) Canlı Renk (Düşük) Seçimleri Temizle