Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Research Research Research Pillars Research Finder Research Impact Research Centers Research and Business Collab Entrepreneurship Ecosystem Worldwide University Collaborations Partner Successes Give About Us Our Story Mission and Vision Facts You May Not Know About KFUPM Facts and Figures History Our Accomplishments KFUPM Leadership Discover KFUPM Attributes 7 Habits of KFUPM Students AI+X Sustainability Visit KFUPM News Campus Life Student Housing and Dining Health and Safety Get Involved Connect Alumni Careers Contact Us E-Services Portal Blackboard Library Services IT Services Admissions Office Graduate Studies Academic Development Registrar KFUPM ePrints Careers Telephone Directory Medical Center KFUPM Store Home Study International Students Navigation menu Home Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments College of Engineering & Physics College of Computing and Mathematics College of Petroleum Engineering & Geosciences College of Chemicals and Materials College of Design and Built Environment KFUPM Business School College of General Studies Community Colleges Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements 10 Reasons to Choose KFUPM Studying abroad is a significant step, and you should feel confident about your decision. At KFUPM, students find a supportive environment, practical programs, and global connections that prepare them for the future. Here are ten reasons why KFUPM is the right fit. A Multicultural Campus Our community brings together students, faculty, and staff from over 75 nationalities. This diversity allows you to gain new perspectives, expand your cultural awareness, and engage with different ways of thinking that will also enhance your learning experience. Recognized Academic Excellence Ranked first in the Arab region and among the top 100 universities in the world, KFUPM has earned its place on the map. For students seeking academic qualifications that stand out in the global job market, KFUPM is just the place to gain a competitive edge and meaningful opportunities. Industry-Aligned Master's Programs With more than 40 master's degree programs and close links to Dhahran Techno Valley, an innovative business park hosting R&D centers and headquarters of leading multinational corporations, our students gain valuable industry experience. Attend KFUPM and connect with top professionals to gain practical insights into industry best practices. Learn more about our graduate programs. Multidisciplinary Research Opportunities KFUPM operates over 20 research centers where collaboration across disciplines is encouraged. Ranked 5th worldwide in U.S. patents granted to universities, we provide a platform to both contemplate and bring to life viable solutions for current global challenges. Leadership in AI Through our AI+X platform, students learn to apply Artificial Intelligence across all fields. This approach ensures graduates are ready for today's fast-changing industries, offering them a real sense of outside-the-box thinking. Discover how AI is integrated into the fabric of our programs. Career Development KFUPM's location near Saudi Aramco and other major technology companies provides access to internships and mentorship opportunities. Our strong connections with both local and international organizations further give students a head start to their careers. Customizable Bachelor's Degrees Freshmen can design their own undergraduate degree by combining different related courses into one interdisciplinary major. This flexibility ensures their studies mirror future industry directions and their learning matches personal goals. Advanced Programs KFUPM offers over 90 programs in areas such as robotics, cybersecurity, and quantum computing. For those aiming for medicine, the bioengineering program provides entry into a Pre-Med pathway with KSAU. These options represent some of the best degrees to have in today's evolving job market. Student Life Beyond academics, KFUPM supports teamwork, networking, and collaborations through student clubs, organizations, and student-led events. These activities highlight the many nuances of our cultural and academic exchanges while helping students grow personally and professionally. International Partnerships Partnerships with leading universities, such as MIT, Caltech, and Stanford, expand students' opportunities to both learn abroad and engage in global research. For many, this experience is ever so valuable, preparing them for engaging in an interconnected world while also opening doors to future internships. Hear from our students! Abdulrahman's journey at KFUPM (Class of 2026 ... Abdulrahman Aldaej Saudi Arabia Mechanical Engineering Carolina, a Colombian geological engineer, mo ... Carolina Muñoz Colombian Geosciences Martina Popovich pivoted from a discontinued ... Martina Popovich Argentina Palynology Abdulrahman's journey at KFUPM (Class of 2026 ... Abdulrahman Aldaej Saudi Arabia Mechanical Engineering Carolina, a Colombian geological engineer, mo ... Carolina Muñoz Colombian Geosciences Martina Popovich pivoted from a discontinued ... Martina Popovich Argentina Palynology Previous Next Study in Saudi Arabia Whether you are drawn by our academic opportunities or simply exploring your wanderlust, time at KFUPM is sure to be rewarding. Discover what it means to study here. Know more Your Next Steps For prospective international students, the process begins with college admission into a program that matches your ambitions. Whether looking for a unique bachelor's degree or pursuing an industry-tied master's degree, KFUPM provides the environment and resources to succeed. Apply today and start a journey that is nothing short of transformative. Admission for International Students: Get to know the process step-by-step Exchange Students: Come experience KFUPM for a summer or a semester Visa Requirements: Your how-to for getting a student visa Health and Safety: Your wellbeing matters Fees and Scholarships: Explore KFUPM's costs and our financial opportunities Housing and Dining: Check out our world-class, modern housing Contact the Undergraduate Admissions Team Ready to take the next steps? Contact the Undergraduate admissions team to learn more! Contact Us Find us Dhahran, 31261, KSA +966 (13) 860-0000 info@kfupm.edu.sa Contact us Discover KFUPM News Visit KFUPM How We Dream and Accomplish Our achievements shape the future. Discover our journey Know more © 2026. All rights reserved Privacy Notice Terms of Service