Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Research Research Research Pillars Research Finder Research Impact Research Centers Research and Business Collab Entrepreneurship Ecosystem Worldwide University Collaborations Partner Successes Give About Us Our Story Mission and Vision Facts You May Not Know About KFUPM Facts and Figures History Our Accomplishments KFUPM Leadership Discover KFUPM Attributes 7 Habits of KFUPM Students AI+X Sustainability Visit KFUPM News Campus Life Student Housing and Dining Health and Safety Get Involved Connect Alumni Careers Contact Us E-Services Portal Blackboard Library Services IT Services Admissions Office Graduate Studies Academic Development Registrar KFUPM ePrints Careers Telephone Directory Medical Center KFUPM Store Home Study International Students Apply as an International Student Navigation menu Home Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments College of Engineering & Physics College of Computing and Mathematics College of Petroleum Engineering & Geosciences College of Chemicals and Materials College of Design and Built Environment KFUPM Business School College of General Studies Community Colleges Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Admissions Process for International Students KFUPM welcomes talented students from around the globe. We currently have over 75 nationalities represented in our student body. Discover the admissions requirements and application steps below, and start the process to becoming a KFUPMer. Reach out to us for any help with embarking on your academic journey in Saudi Arabia. Undergraduate Students SAT Track Your academic requirements: Graduate from an international high school (current or previous year) Your studies should have a natural sciences focus/track SAT score: 1350 or above Application Steps: Submit your SAT scores through College Board directly to KFUPM Once we verify your SAT score, we'll invite you to take our KFUPM math assessment Complete your application through our Admission Website After acceptance, we'll handle your visa issuing process as soon as you're admitted Note: Make sure to select "King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals" when sending your SAT scores through College Board ISEF Winners Track Spaces are offered to the top four winners each year. Your academic requirements: Graduate from high school (current or previous year) A natural sciences focus/track in your studies ISEF award winner What we offer: Guaranteed admission for all four ISEF winners Full scholarship Freedom to choose any major you want After acceptance of the offer, we'll take care of your visa issuing process right away Apply Now Graduate Students English Test Scores Applicants must submit official test scores for any of the English proficiency exams listed below. Master of Science (M.Sc.) - Thesis-Based / Project-Based TOEFL A minimum score of 520 (PBT), 190 (CBT) or 70 (IBT) IELTS A minimum score of 6.0 Duolingo A minimum score of 105 Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), including PhD - Direct Entry TOEFL A minimum score of 550 (PBT), 213 (CBT) or 80 (IBT) IELTS A minimum score of 6.5 Duolingo A minimum score of 120 Note: The English test score is waived for KFUPM graduates and graduates from English-speaking countries, namely USA, Canada, UK, Australia, New Zealand. Academic Requirements Master of Science (M.Sc.) - Thesis-Based / Project-Based A four-year bachelor's (B.A., B.S., B.Sc. or B.E.) degree in business, engineering, or science fields from a recognized (accredited) institution/university. A minimum GPA of 3.00 on a scale of 4.00 or equivalent in the B.S. degree. Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) An master's (M.S., M.Sc.) degree in engineering or science from an institution whose graduate programs are equivalent to those of KFUPM, with a major in the proposed field or evidence of suitable background for entering the proposed field. A minimum GPA of 3.00 on a scale of 4.00 or equivalent in both the B.S. and M.S. Direct Entry Track A four-year bachelor's (B.A., B.S., B.Sc. or B.E.) degree in business, engineering, or science fields from a recognized (accredited) institution/university. A minimum GPA of 3.00 on a scale of 4.00 or equivalent in the B.S. degree. Application Steps: Complete and submit your application directly through our Admissions website . Interviews may be required for some highly competitive programs. If so, we'll contact you to schedule one. Receive your admission decision via email, as well as an update on your applicant portal. This step can take 2 to 3 months. Visa processing will begin for accepted international students as soon as you've been officially admitted. Apply Now Graduate Admission and Requirements Ready to take your academic journey to the next level? As an international student, you'll find exciting opportunities in our graduate programs. Learn about admission requirements, application deadlines, and required documents to start your journey with us. Learn more Find us Dhahran, 31261, KSA +966 (13) 860-0000 info@kfupm.edu.sa Contact us Discover KFUPM News Visit KFUPM How We Dream and Accomplish Our achievements shape the future. Discover our journey Know more © 2026. All rights reserved Privacy Notice Terms of Service