Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Research Research Research Pillars Research Finder Research Impact Research Centers Research and Business Collab Entrepreneurship Ecosystem Worldwide University Collaborations Partner Successes Give About Us Our Story Mission and Vision Facts You May Not Know About KFUPM Facts and Figures History Our Accomplishments KFUPM Leadership Discover KFUPM Attributes 7 Habits of KFUPM Students AI+X Sustainability Visit KFUPM News Campus Life Student Housing and Dining Health and Safety Get Involved Connect Alumni Careers Contact Us E-Services Portal Blackboard Library Services IT Services Admissions Office Graduate Studies Academic Development Registrar KFUPM ePrints Careers Telephone Directory Medical Center KFUPM Store Home Study International Students Tuition costs and Scholarships Navigation menu Home Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments College of Engineering & Physics College of Computing and Mathematics College of Petroleum Engineering & Geosciences College of Chemicals and Materials College of Design and Built Environment KFUPM Business School College of General Studies Community Colleges Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Tuition and Scholarships We believe in making world-class education accessible to all. That is why all our courses are taught in English and your academic journey is supported by KFUPM. For Undergraduate International Students As an international student living outside Saudi Arabia, your tuition fees are waived. You will receive a full scholarship to attend KFUPM. Scholarship benefits may include: Free On-Campus Housing : Enjoy comfortable, fully-equipped dorms just steps away from your classrooms. Complimentary Course Texts : Borrow the books you need- at no cost. Monthly Stipend : Focus on your studies with financial support for your academic journey. Medical services : Your healthcare needs are taken care of through the on-campus medical clinic. Contact the Undergraduate Admissions Team Ready to take the next steps? Contact the Undergraduate admissions team to learn more! Contact Us For Graduate International Students Our funding opportunities are designed to ease the financial burden for international graduate students, allowing you to focus on your studies and research. We're proud to offer comprehensive scholarships for all PhD programs and select MS programs that don't have corresponding doctoral tracks. These scholarships come packed with incredible benefits designed to support your academic journey: Core Benefits: Generous Stipend : Based on your scholarship category. Comfortable Housing : Enjoy free, fully furnished, air-conditioned on-campus accommodation, including utilities and maintenance. Travel Perks : International students receive air tickets to and from KFUPM. Health Coverage : Access to quality medical and dental care. Affordable Dining : Enjoy subsidized meals across campus. Additional Perks: Research Opportunities : Become an RA-MS or RA-PhD, contributing to groundbreaking projects while earning financial rewards. Tuition-Free Education : Study without worrying about tuition fees. Conference Funding : Gain funding to present at conferences, subject to specific conditions. Academic Resources : Access the main library and department resource centers to fuel your learning. Safe and Vibrant Campus : A secure environment with recreational facilities, including a private beach. Free Textbooks : Focus on learning with essential course texts provided at no cost. Fee Structure for Self-Sponsored Students Fee in USD for All Non-Thesis programs including MBA (Except Executive and MS Programs) Registration Fee per semester 2000 USD Fee per credit hour 135 USD Fee in USD for Thesis programs (Master of Science & PhD) 1st Semester 2000 USD From 2nd Semester onwards 1000 USD Fee per credit hour 135 USD Explore more about graduate admissions for international students Start your journey toward advanced education at one of the world's leading institutions and take the first step toward achieving your academic and research goals. Learn More Find us Dhahran, 31261, KSA +966 (13) 860-0000 info@kfupm.edu.sa Contact us Discover KFUPM News Visit KFUPM How We Dream and Accomplish Our achievements shape the future. Discover our journey Know more © 2026. All rights reserved Privacy Notice Terms of Service