KFUPM Contact us FAQ's العربية Important Dates New Admission Admission's Guide Terms and Conditions (Admission Tracks) Fee-study-program Readmission Majors Transfer to KFUPM Know More FAQ's Home New Admission New Admission Detail Admission Tracks Applying to the Primary Admission Track Conditions : The applicant must be a high school graduate (General, Computer Science and Engineering, Health and Life) or an international school graduate (Natural Sciences) in the current year or the previous two years. Achieve a minimum score of 65 on the STEP test or its equivalent in other tests (IELTS 4.5, Duolingo 80, or TOEFL iBT 3 (45 out of 120 under the old scoring system). Apply for the KFUPM admission test arranged by the Qiyas Center. Recommendation Letter: The student must complete and attach a letter of recommendation to the application form. The applicant must submit a statement of purpose (a brief description of yourself, explaining your academic goals and how you aim to contribute to improving your community and the world). The applicant has never studied at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals or the university's community college. Admission candidates may be required to attend a personal interview. Applying to the Secondary Admission Track (vacancies) Conditions: Registration Requirements: The applicant must be a high school graduate (General, Computer Science and Engineering, Health and Life) or an international school graduate (Natural Sciences) in the current year or the previous two years. The applicant must submit a General Aptitude Test (Qudrat) score. The applicant must submit an Achievement Test (Tahisili) score. Achieve a minimum score of 65 on the STEP test or its equivalent in other tests (IELTS 4.5, Duolingo 80, or TOEFL iBT 3 (45 out of 120 under the old scoring system). Recommendation Letter: The student must complete and attach a letter of recommendation to the application form. The applicant must submit a statement of purpose (a brief description of yourself, explaining your academic goals and how you aim to contribute to improving your community and the world). The applicant has never studied at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals or the university's community college. Admission candidates may be required to attend a personal interview. Applying to SAT Admission Track Conditions : The applicant must be a graduate of high school (General, Computer science and engineering, Health and life) or an International Curriculum (Natural sciences) in the year of admission or the previous two years. Recommendation Letter: Complete and attach the letter of recommendation to the application form. Click here. The applicant must submit a statement of purpose (a brief description of yourself, explaining your academic goals and how you aim to contribute to improving your community and the world). The minimum SAT score required for admission is 1350 or above. Meeting the minimum score does not guarantee admission; seats are limited, and admission will be competitive. Send the SAT result via "college-board" to the university account. Must Pass the university's Mathematics Test for qualified applicants. Candidates may also be required to participate in an Interview for admission. The applicant has never studied at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals or the university's community college. Applying to Olympiad Track Conditions : The applicant must be a Saudi National or a Non-Saudi citizen with a Saudi mother. The applicant must be a high school graduate (General, Computer science and engineering, Health and life) either in the current year or the previous two years. The applicant must be a winner of an International Olympiad competition (as specified in the application form). Recommendation Letter: Complete and attach the letter of recommendation to the application form. Click here. The applicant must submit a statement of purpose (a brief description of yourself, explaining your academic goals and how you aim to contribute to improving your community and the world). The applicant has never studied at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals or the university's community college. Admission candidates may be required to attend a personal interview. Additional requirements for IGCSE Students: In addition of all the conditions above for each track, these are extra requirements for IGCSE students: • Grade 10 and Grade 11: He must finish them as a Regular Student in the School (attached School Grades for 10 &11) • Grade 12: The student has the following three options: a- He must finish GCSE 8 subjects (Minimum accepted grade will be B) Or b- He must finish 5 GCSE subjects (Minimum accepted grade will be B) and 1 A level subjects (Minimum accepted grade will be B) Or c- He must finish 5 GCSE subjects (Minimum accepted grade will be B) and 2 AS level subjects (Minimum accepted grade will be B) • The entire alphabetic grade must be converted to percentage from the school. Important Dates New Admission Readmission Transfer to KFUPM Majors Know More admissions@kfupm.edu.sa (+966) (13) 8602901 Bld 68 Copyright 2024 ©KFUPM. All rights reserved. Powered by KFUPM- ICTC.