KFUPM Contact us FAQ's العربية Important Dates New Admission Admission's Guide Terms and Conditions (Admission Tracks) Fee-study-program Readmission Majors Transfer to KFUPM Know More FAQ's Home FAQ's Frequently Asked Questions What are the stages of admission to the university? The stages of admission to the university are as follows: First: The registration stage: where students submit personal data and complete the application. Second: The initial admission stage (candidacy): in which students are informed that they have met the admission criteria, and they are informed of the major they are accepted in, during which the university is awaiting confirmation of the students' desire to specialize in which they are accepted. Third: The stage of conditional admission: After the students confirm the desire to specialize in which they are accepted, admission takes place on a conditional basis until the students submit all the required documents, within the specified period. Fourth: Final Admission Stage: When students meet all admission criteria and requirements, they are notified of final admission. Fifth: Enrollment in the university: students are given a university number, and they are provided with electronic services, and thus he is considered a male or female student at the university. What are the required documents and how are they delivered? For Saudi students: A copy of the original transcript for high school grades (natural sciences), or the original transcript for secondary school grades (natural sciences) and a certificate of completion of studies. A recent color photo (in the Saudi dress for the student, and the hijab for the female student, taking into account that the face is not covered), with a white background, and without glasses. A copy of the national identity card (civil status card). For non-Saudi students of Saudi mothers: A copy of the original transcript for high school grades (natural sciences), or the original transcript for secondary school grades (natural sciences) and a certificate of completion of studies. A recent color photo (in the Saudi dress for the student, and the hijab for the female student, taking into account that the face is not covered), provided that the background of the photo is white, and without glasses. A copy of the student's residence A copy of the national identity of the student's mother A copy of the student's birth certificate For non-Saudi students: A copy of the original transcript for high school grades (natural sciences), or the original transcript for secondary school grades (natural sciences) and a certificate of completion of studies. A recent color photo (in the student's uniform, and the female hijab, taking into account that the face is not covered), with a white background, and without glasses. A copy of the student's residence A copy of the student's birth certificate A copy of the student's passport The required documents are submitted electronically through the submission site. Is application to the university electronic or is the student's presence required? The application is electronic, and students are not required to attend, through the registration link https://qabool.kfupm.edu.sa When are the results announced? The admission results will be announced after announcing the achievement test score from the Qiyas Center. Then all students nominated for admission must log into their account immediately (within 24 hours), confirm their desire to join the university, upload documents, and complete the data, otherwise their registration is considered null. How do I know the result of admission? Accepted students will receive acceptance congratulations via e-mail and a text message via mobile, and students can also access the website to see the result of their acceptance. Then all students nominated for admission must log into their account immediately (within 24 hours), confirm their desire to join the university, upload documents, and complete the data, otherwise their registration is considered canceled. Can non-Saudis register at the university? Yes, non-Saudi students can register for Fee-study program. What are the admission procedures for non-Saudi students from Saudi mothers? Non-Saudi students from Saudi mothers are treated as Saudi students in terms of university admission procedures, according to the official instructions regulating this. If they are accepted, this requires completing the required documents. What is the next step after admission to the university? New students are accepted into the preparatory year program for one academic year, with the opportunity to take advantage of the "SkipPrep" program to partially or completely skip this year. How long is the study period for the preparatory year, and are there tracks in it? The duration of study in the preparatory year program is one academic year, and the university may allow students one additional semester to complete the requirements of the program. There are no specialization tracks during the preparatory year. If I withdraw my file, can I go back to the University? Can't go back again. You can only apply for the next year, provided you are not studying at the university or community college affiliated with the university. How do I apply to the university when the results of the Tahsili and Qudurat tests have not been announced yet? You can apply and the results of Tahsili and Qudurat will be obtained directly from the Qiyas Center. How can I get my Qudurat score? What is the score that is used for admission if the student obtains more than one score for the general Qudurat test? The Qudurat and Tahsili score will be obtained directly from the Qiyas center, and the highest score obtained by the student will be considered. What is the weighted percentage for admission to the university? The university determines the admission result by calculating the weights based on the three criteria for admission, which are: the high school certificate, the Qudurat test, and the Tahsili test, so that the outcome of these weights is collected in one composite ratio as follows: 50% of the Qudurat test, 40% of the Tahsili test, and 10% of the high school score. I graduated from a foreign school. How is the weighted ratio calculated? A certificate must be obtained from the school from which you graduated, and recognized by the Ministry of Education (in the case of vocational grades, an official mechanism must be provided to convert the certificate that includes literal grades or an average to a percentage). Is an English language test required to obtain admission? Yes, achieve a minimum score of 65 on the STEP test or its equivalent in other tests (IELTS 4.5, Duolingo 80, or TOEFL iBT 3 (45 out of 120 under the old scoring system). Is it possible to skip the preparatory year? Yes, it is possible, within the SkipPrep program, subject to certain criteria and conditions. What does admission to the major mean? During the application period, the student will be able to select the specialization in which he wishes to study, and his desire will be met by comparison according to the weighted score, in order to join the major after passing the preparatory year. When does a student choose a university major? The major is chosen by filling out the application form, taking into account the student's desire and the percentage of the number of applicants for the major Does a student have the right to choose more than one major? Yes, the student has the right to select all majors in a gradual manner from the first option, which is the student's highest preference, to last one , which is the least preferred. Please note that choosing only one major means that the student desires the specified major only, and if it is not available, the student will not be admitted to the university. On the other hand, selecting several majors increases the chance of acceptance in one of the majors that have been identified. How is a student's major determined? Students' desires in majors are met according to the weighted degree and based on the availability of seats in the chosen major. Students are assigned to majors from the highest degree to the next until the available seats in each major are filled. This process is repeated with all students in all the options they selected, with the aim of achieving the best option available to students in accordance with the weighted score for each of them. Does admission to a major other than the first choice mean the student cannot obtain the first choice? The admission mechanism in majors is based on fairness and preference and is based on the weighted score. Therefore, if a seat is available from the most preferred options for the student, the specialization will be upgraded automatically later, and this procedure continues until the beginning of the academic year. What happens if a student refuses the major he was accepted for? In the event that a specialization was made available that was within one of the student's options and he did not accept the specialization, neither this major nor any other less-preferred major will be offered to him in the student's options list again, and the student will move to the waiting list, and other higher-preferred majors will be displayed in the student's options list according to their availability. This refusal greatly reduces the student's opportunity to enroll in the university, so the university advises students to accept the proposed specialization so as not to miss the opportunity to obtain admission to the university, in the event that the most preferred major is not available. Will housing be provided for students on campus? Accommodation is provided according to the following details. Students who live in distant cities (more than 75 km) are provided with housing. Students who live in nearby cities (less than 75 km) are not provided with housing. Does the university provide transportation for students who did not get housing at the university? The university does not provide transportation for students living outside the university. The student must provide transportation in the manner that suits him, and he takes this into account when applying to the university. Does the student live in a single or shared room? Accommodation in shared rooms, and the roommate will be selected through the accommodation program after acceptance. Is housing free? Housing in the university city is for a nominal amount. When is the application for housing? This is done after completing the admission procedures and before the start of the study in the preparatory year. Will medical services be provided to students on campus? Yes, the university provides primary medical services to all students through the medical center. Does the university provide transportation for students? Yes, the university provides buses to move between the residence and academic buildings, and it also provides private cars subject to fees. Does the university provide dining and serving facilities? Yes, the university provides many facilities, including those supported by the university, where students pay nominal values, and others that are not subsidized, in which students pay prices similar to what is available outside the university. Are there shops for shopping for daily needs? Yes, the university has a number of shopping stores, such as a supermarket and stationery, which are equipped with all daily needs. Are there gyms in the university? Yes, there are. What facilities are available at the university to serve students? The university provides many facilities, such as shopping centers for daily needs, restaurants, stationery, gyms, and a medical center. In addition to the university's beach and waterfront. Does the university accept female students in undergraduate programs? Yes, female students are admitted to the university in undergraduate programs. Why will female students be accepted? One of the goals of the university and the nation is to empower women and their involvement in important sectors of the Kingdom's economy, and this requires opening up engineering and other fields for outstanding students, especially with the scarcity of these disciplines and their lack of availability in the Kingdom for female students. Will the university progress in the stage of accepting female students? And why? Yes, the university will go through the stages of accepting female students so that it expands each year in number and majors, because the university's absorptive capacity and current equipment, such as female students' housing, academic buildings, etc., are limited. The university is striving forward to increase its absorptive capacity, and thus expand these programs in the future. What majors are available to female students? All disciplines are available to female students. For more details, see the majors guide. https://admissions.kfupm.edu.sa/docs/default-source/default-document-library/majors_booklet.pdf?sfvrsn=ddc7e367_1 Will housing be provided for female students on campus? Accommodation is provided according to the following details: Female students who live in distant cities (more than 75 kilometers) are provided with housing. Female students who live in nearby cities (less than 75 kilometers) are not provided with housing. Will buses be provided to move between the female students' dormitory and the academic buildings? Yes, the university will provide buses to move between the female students' residences and the academic buildings. Does the university provide transportation for female students who did not obtain housing at the university? The university does not provide transportation for female students living outside the university. The student must undertake the provision of transportation in a manner that suits her, and take this into consideration when applying to the university. What will be the situation in the classrooms for female students? The university will make sure that the female students are independent whenever possible and based on available resources, especially in the early years. In the case of joint classes, the university will be keen to provide a disciplined study environment that is appropriate to the values of our society and our true religion. Students should take this into consideration before deciding to apply to the university. Will the teaching staff in each division be female? The university does not guarantee this. Students should take this into consideration before deciding to apply to the university. Will the females students have all student benefits such as the monthly stipend, etc? Yes, the monthly stipend and the like will be available to both male and female students. Will there be physical education classes for female students? Yes, there will be physical education classes supervised by female instructors. Is SkipPrep available for female students? Yes, it is possible, within the SkipPrep program, with certain criteria and conditions. Important Dates New Admission Readmission Transfer to KFUPM Majors Know More admissions@kfupm.edu.sa (+966) (13) 8602901 Bld 68 Copyright 2024 ©KFUPM. All rights reserved. Powered by KFUPM- ICTC.