KFUPM Contact us FAQ's العربية Important Dates New Admission Admission's Guide Terms and Conditions (Admission Tracks) Fee-study-program Readmission Majors Transfer to KFUPM Know More FAQ's Join The Dream, Be KFUPMer Secondary Track (Vacancies) Closed To be Announced Primary Admission Track Open After 101 Day (s) 10 Jan, 2027 SAT Track Open After 123 Day (s) 01 Feb, 2027 Olympiad Track Open After 212 Day (s) 01 May, 2027 Know more about: King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals is a Saudi public university that is considered one of the best universities in the Arab world and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals was officially established by royal decree on 5 Jumada I 1383 (September 23, 1963). More Admission at KFUPM King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals welcomes students from across the Kingdom and around the world, with diverse cultures and wide-ranging talents and interests. Admission to King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals takes place according to the admission criteria announced in each track Admission Tracks Admission has four different tracks: 1- Early Admission T... Admission Guide King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals has provid... Admission (Qabool) Registration dates are announced through the official web... Admission (Apply) Start your journey to apply to King Fahd University of Pe... Transfer to KFUPM Visiting Student From Other Universities From DCC Change Major Bachelor Major Know More.. Skip Preparation Year Bachelor's & Master's *5 Admission's Regulations Frequently Asked Questions What are the stages of admission to the university? The stages of admission to the university are as follows: First: The registration stage: where students submit personal data and complete the application. Second: The initial admission stage (candidacy): in which students are informed that they have met the admission criteria, and they are informed of the major they are accepted in, during which the university is awaiting confirmation of the students' desire to specialize in which they are accepted. Third: The stage of conditional admission: After the students confirm the desire to specialize in which they are accepted, admission takes place on a conditional basis until the students submit all the required documents, within the specified period. Fourth: Final Admission Stage: When students meet all admission criteria and requirements, they are notified of final admission. Fifth: Enrollment in the university: students are given a university number, and they are provided with electronic services, and thus he is considered a male or female student at the university. What are the required documents and how are they delivered? For Saudi students: A copy of the original transcript for high school grades (natural sciences), or the original transcript for secondary school grades (natural sciences) and a certificate of completion of studies. A recent color photo (in the Saudi dress for the student, and the hijab for the female student, taking into account that the face is not covered), with a white background, and without glasses. A copy of the national identity card (civil status card). For non-Saudi students of Saudi mothers: A copy of the original transcript for high school grades (natural sciences), or the original transcript for secondary school grades (natural sciences) and a certificate of completion of studies. A recent color photo (in the Saudi dress for the student, and the hijab for the female student, taking into account that the face is not covered), provided that the background of the photo is white, and without glasses. A copy of the student's residence A copy of the national identity of the student's mother A copy of the student's birth certificate For non-Saudi students: A copy of the original transcript for high school grades (natural sciences), or the original transcript for secondary school grades (natural sciences) and a certificate of completion of studies. A recent color photo (in the student's uniform, and the female hijab, taking into account that the face is not covered), with a white background, and without glasses. A copy of the student's residence A copy of the student's birth certificate A copy of the student's passport The required documents are submitted electronically through the submission site. Is application to the university electronic or is the student's presence required? The application is electronic, and students are not required to attend, through the registration link https://qabool.kfupm.edu.sa When are the results announced? The admission results will be announced after announcing the achievement test score from the Qiyas Center. Then all students nominated for admission must log into their account immediately (within 24 hours), confirm their desire to join the university, upload documents, and complete the data, otherwise their registration is considered null. More Questions Important Dates New Admission Readmission Transfer to KFUPM Majors Know More admissions@kfupm.edu.sa (+966) (13) 8602901 Bld 68 Copyright 2024 ©KFUPM. All rights reserved. Powered by KFUPM- ICTC.