KFUPM Contact us FAQ's العربية Important Dates New Admission Admission's Guide Terms and Conditions (Admission Tracks) Fee-study-program Readmission Majors Transfer to KFUPM Know More FAQ's Home New Admission New Admission Detail Admission of Non-Saudi Students The program aims to enhance the kingdom's mission in the service of science and establish its global image and prestige, and the program contributes to enhancing the features of the university environment in the competitive, global and cultural diversity aspects. : • The applicant must have an independent and valid resident identity (dependent, unauthorized, or sponsor). • The applicant must achieve a distinguished percentage that exceeds the percentage of acceptance announced by the university. •The applicant must be a high school graduate (General, Computer Science and Engineering, Health and Life) or an international school graduate (Natural Sciences) in the current year or the previous two years. •The applicant must submit an English language test and obtain a score of (65 in STEP or 4.5 in IELTS or 45 in TOEFL or 80 in Duolingo). • General Aptitude Test (Qudrat) of scientific disciplines, the student is entitled to use the test result obtained in the year of admission or the previous two years. • Achievement Test (Tahsili) must be clear in the year of admission or the year before. • The applicant has never studied at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals or the University's Community College. • At any stage of his university studies, the student is not entitled to apply for a university residence card. • Students of this program are subject to the study regulations, tests and special rules of King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, as well as regulations related to the control of students' behavior. • The following data matches the student's passport and resident ID and the certificate: (Student name in Arabic and English, student date of birth) Important Dates New Admission Readmission Transfer to KFUPM Majors Know More admissions@kfupm.edu.sa (+966) (13) 8602901 Bld 68 Copyright 2024 ©KFUPM. All rights reserved. Powered by KFUPM- ICTC.