Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Research Research Research Pillars Research Finder Research Impact Research Centers Research and Business Collab Entrepreneurship Ecosystem Worldwide University Collaborations Partner Successes Give About Us Our Story Mission and Vision Facts You May Not Know About KFUPM Facts and Figures History Our Accomplishments KFUPM Leadership Discover KFUPM Attributes 7 Habits of KFUPM Students AI+X Sustainability Visit KFUPM News Campus Life Student Housing and Dining Health and Safety Get Involved Connect Alumni Careers Contact Us E-Services Portal Blackboard Library Services IT Services Admissions Office Graduate Studies Academic Development Registrar KFUPM ePrints Careers Telephone Directory Medical Center KFUPM Store Home Study International Students Visa Requirements Navigation menu Home Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments College of Engineering & Physics College of Computing and Mathematics College of Petroleum Engineering & Geosciences College of Chemicals and Materials College of Design and Built Environment KFUPM Business School College of General Studies Community Colleges Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Student Visa Process Once you've been admitted, simply email us copies of your documents and our admissions team will handle the student visa application on your behalf. Required documents: Medical report from your home country Valid passport (with at least 6 months validity) Admission letter Embassy letter Copy of your visa-referral note, issued by KFUPM through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs You will also need to complete a few forms with your personal details, including your full name, nationality, and passport number, among other required information. After your visa has been processed, you'll receive it by email along with clear instructions on your next steps. KFUPM welcomes students from around the world, with over 75 nationalities already represented on campus. To explore what your experience could look like, visit Study in Saudi Arabia . Frequently Asked Questions We know you may have lots of questions about getting a student visa in Saudi Arabia. Here are some of the most commonly asked questions we receive: What type of visa do I need to study at KFUPM? All students, including those on short-term semester exchanges, will need a student visa. The Saudi student visa is contingent upon the degree you're admitted to, as it is tied to the type, duration, and status of that academic program. How long does it take to get a student visa? Processing times can vary greatly; therefore, it's advisable to apply well in advance of your intended arrival date. KFUPM's admissions team can provide an estimate based on your specific circumstances. When should I start the visa application process? We recommend starting the visa application process as soon as you've secured your placement at KFUPM. Will KFUPM assist me with the visa application process? Yes, once admitted, our admissions team will guide you through the necessary steps and provide the required documentation to start the visa application process from your home country. Contact the Admissions Team Ready to take the next steps? Contact the Graduate admissions team to learn more! Contact Us Find us Dhahran, 31261, KSA +966 (13) 860-0000 info@kfupm.edu.sa Contact us Discover KFUPM News Visit KFUPM How We Dream and Accomplish Our achievements shape the future. Discover our journey Know more © 2026. All rights reserved Privacy Notice Terms of Service