Skip to main content Nederlands English Deutsch LatAm website Italian website Education Bachelor Application & admission Application Start your application for a bachelor's Apply Start your application When should your application be completed? And what diplomas will allow you to go to university? You can apply for a bachelor's programme even if you have not taken your final exams yet. However, admission is only possible if you pass them. To arrange your (re-)enrolment at a Dutch higher education institution, you will be redirected to the online platform Studielink. Start your application Apply now Your application is handled via online platform Studielink. From and until when can you apply? Application deadlines depend on your nationality and the programme you're applying for. Some bachelor's programmes have different deadlines due to decentralised selection, mandatory matching, or selection activities. Deadlines tool Find out which deadline applies to you. FAQ Admission View frequently asked questions about admission. Questions? Please do not hesitate to contact us. Application process for bachelor's programmes You have to go through each step for every bachelor's you want to apply for. If you wish to apply for two programmes, you must complete the steps twice. Information for students with a Dutch nationality is available on the Dutch website . Application process step-by-step Check the admission requirements Which bachelor's programme would you like to study? Make sure you meet the admission requirements of that specific bachelor's. You can find them on the website of the bachelor's of your interest . Start your application Apply via the online platform Studielink by choosing a programme and a starting date. Keep in mind the application deadlines . If you want to make a second application, then use the Studielink account you already have. Pay the application fee All students holding a non-Dutch educational degree have to pay an application fee of €100 for an application to a bachelor's programme. This means that your application will only be reviewed once the application fee has been paid and the money has been received by UT. The application fee will not be refunded. Upload your documents in Osiris To start your online application procedure, you will need to upload several documents. We have prepared example documents to check the type of document you have to supply digitally . If any hardcopy documents are required, UT will notify you and tell you where to send them. Continue your application via the Osiris application, using the login credentials provided to you via email. After you have logged in, you click on details behind your application to continue the procedure. If you wish to submit a new or additional application, you have to apply again via your Studielink account as it is not possible to apply via Osiris. Assessing your application Our admission office will assess your application. We aim to inform you about your admissibility within two weeks after your application. This can take longer if your application is incomplete or additional information is needed to make an informed decision about your chances of success here. Should this be the case, we will contact you. If you wish to monitor the status of your application, then log in to Osiris and click on progress behind your application. Decision on admission The outcome of the assessment will be one of the following possibilities: ACCEPTED - You will be sent an email with an admission notice, together with instructions for the next steps of your application. CONDITIONAL - This means that you do not yet comply with all the requirements for the study programme of your choice. The correspondence sent to you will explain what further actions you need to take for final admission. You may be required to pass a further examination. REJECTED - In some cases, you may not meet the admission requirements for the study programme of your choice and your application will be rejected. This will be explained in the letter that is sent to you by mail. Matching activities Some bachelor's programmes have mandatory admission activities to finalise the admission and enrolment procedure, these take either place before or after your possible admittance. There are three selection and matching procedures at the University of Twente: matching , compulsory matching* and numerus fixus* . Due to these procedures, deviating deadlines may apply. *Please know, that if you did not participate or only partially participated, you cannot start your studies, regardless of whether you were conditionally admitted. Payment and finalising your enrolment Payment and Preparations Now the University is processing your application, you can arrange the payment of the tuition fees and take the next steps such as planning your stay in the Netherlands, arranging your visa if necessary and finding accommodation in Enschede . Certified Photocopies To finalise your enrolment, we often request certified photocopies of your final documents after you have received your (conditional) admission letter. Once you have graduated, we will need the certified photocopies of your final documents to complete the process. In some cases, we can verify your documents online, so certified photocopies will not be necessary. Need support? Contact our Student Services Contact Centre . Join the Kick-In Get a head start on your student life during the Kick-In : the introduction period for all new students at UT. It is the perfect opportunity to get to know one another, the University, the campus and the city of Enschede. Admission for recognised refugees Recognised refugees with a higher level of education are welcome to study at the University of Twente! Read more about the opportunities for refugees . Deferral of your application If you wish to defer your application to the next intake moment or your application was cancelled because you missed a deadline, you can always apply for the next intake moment. Please take the steps below. Please note that if you wish to defer your bachelor's application, you will need to pay the application fee again. Steps to defer your application Step 1 | Login to your Studielink account First, you need to login to your Studielink account . Step 2 | Withdraw your current application In Studielink , you can withdraw your current bachelor's application. Step 3 | Register for the next intake moment via Studielink Create a new registration for the next intake moment via Studielink, for the bachelor's programme of your choice. You can apply from October onwards for the upcoming September intake (no February intake available). Keep the application deadline in mind, and be aware that some programmes have deviating application deadlines. Step 4 | Upload all required documents in the OSIRIS application portal After your registration in Studielink, you will receive an e-mail with login credentials for the OSIRIS application where you can upload documents to complete your application. Step 5 | Submit your new application via OSIRIS before the application deadline Submit your new application via OSIRIS before the application deadline, be aware that some programmes have deviating application deadlines. Close Suggestions Address Study Information Centre +31 (0)53 489 5489 study@utwente.nl Route Quick links All bachelor's programmes Open Days and study choice Apply for a bachelor's Student stories Experiences of students Follow us: Disclaimer & Copyright Privacy & Cookies Last update 5 Aug 2026 Start live Chat In chat Chat offline (info) To use this functionality you first need to: Accept cookies