Skip to main content Nederlands English Deutsch LatAm website Italian website Education Bachelor Application & admission Admission Language requirements Start your application for a bachelor's Apply Language requirements for bachelor's programmes Are you going to study a Dutch or English bachelor's? Make sure you meet the language requirements of the study in time . Find out what language requirements apply and what certificates you may need to provide. Dutch language requirements At UT, you can choose from several Dutch-taught bachelor's programmes . In addition to the English language requirement, these programmes also have a Dutch language requirement. Note that you have to meet the Dutch language requirement before the application deadline . Therefore, make sure to do the test in advance, as it will take time for you to get the official certificate. Bachelor's programme in Biomedical Technology International students require one of the following documents as proof of their Dutch language proficiency: Staatsexamen Nederlands als Tweede Taal (NT2), program I (Common European Framework Reference B1-B2). Certificaat Nederlands als Vreemde Taal (CNaVT ) with either Educatief Startbekwaam (ERK B2) or Educatief Professioneel (ERK C1) Dutch as part of a secondary school examination equivalent to the Dutch VWO exam. Bachelor's programme in Health Sciences International students require one of the following documents as proof of their Dutch language proficiency: Staatsexamen Nederlands als Tweede Taal (NT2), program II (Common European Framework Reference B2-C1) Certificaat Nederlands als Vreemde Taal (CNaVT ) with either Educatief Startbekwaam (ERK B2) or Educatief Professioneel (ERK C1) Dutch as part of a secondary school examination equivalent to the Dutch VWO exam. Bachelor's programme in Psychology (Dutch-track) The bachelor's programme in Psychology offers an English- and Dutch-taught track. If you are applying for the English-taught track, you do not have to provide proof of Dutch language proficiency. Please note that both the English- and Dutch-taught track have an English language requirement . International students require one of the following documents as proof of their Dutch language proficiency: Staatsexamen Nederlands als Tweede Taal (NT2), program II (Common European Framework Reference B2-C1) Certificaat Nederlands als Vreemde Taal (CNaVT ) with either Educatief Startbekwaam (ERK B2) or Educatief Professioneel (ERK C1) Dutch as part of a secondary school examination equivalent to the Dutch VWO exam. Bachelor's programme in Technical Medicine International students require one of the following documents as proof of their Dutch language proficiency: Staatsexamen Nederlands als Tweede Taal (NT2), program II (Common European Framework Reference B2-C1) Certificaat Nederlands als Vreemde Taal (CNaVT ) with either Educatief Startbekwaam (ERK B2) or Educatief Professioneel (ERK C1) Dutch as part of a secondary school examination equivalent to the Dutch VWO exam. English language requirements To succeed in your studies, a high level of English proficiency is essential. That's why prospective bachelor's students with an international diploma must meet the English language requirements. Your application will only be processed once these requirements are met. The University of Twente does not offer conditional admission if you have not yet fulfilled the English language requirement. If you take the test after the application deadline , or you do not have the official English certificate before the application deadline, the University of Twente will not process your application. Therefore, make sure to do the test in advance, as it will take time for you to get the official certificate. As proof that you meet this requirement, you will be asked in the application procedure to upload one of the requested language certificates below. Only these internationally recognised test results are accepted. Without a valid certificate, your application cannot be processed. IELTS (academic) certificate, not older than two years, with an overall band score of at least 6.0, and a minimum score on each section of at least 5.5. The IELTS Online test , IELTS Indicator test , IELTS One Skill Retake , and IELTS General Training are not accepted by the University of Twente. Before January 2026: TOEFL iBT (internet-based) certificate, not older than two years, with an overall score of 80, and a minimum score on each section of at least 18. Please note that the University of Twente does not accept the MyBest scores of the TOEFL test. By exception, you can also take the TOEFL iBT (Special) Home Edition test (only valid for the September 2027 intake). This is only the case when you cannot use a regular language test as listed in this table, because the on-site language test centre is closed due to unsafe situations in your country. After January 2026: TOEFL iBT (internet-based) certificate, not older than two years, with an overall score of 4, and a minimum score of 4 on reading, listening and writing. For speaking a minimum score of 3.5 is required. Please note that the University of Twente does not accept the MyBest scores of the TOEFL test. By exception, you can also take the TOEFL iBT (Special) Home Edition test (only valid for the September 2027 intake). This is only the case when you cannot use a regular language test as listed in this table, because the on-site language test centre is closed due to unsafe situations in your country. Cambridge C1 Advanced , formerly known as; Cambridge English Advanced (CAE) from 2015 onwards (when the subscores were introduced). Obtained with an overall score of at least 169 and a minimum score on each section of at least 162. Both the 'digital or paper-based' are accepted by the University of Twente. Cambridge C2 Proficiency , formerly known as; Cambridge English Proficiency (CPE) from 2015 onwards (when the subscores were introduced). Obtained an A, B or C grade, with an overall score of at least 169 and a minimum score on each section of at least 162. Both the 'digital or paper-based' are accepted by the University of Twente. PTE Academic certificate, not older than two years, with an overall score of at least 61, and a minimum score on each section of 56 (Listening, Reading, Writing, Speaking). Only the standard PTE Academic test is accepted. The PTE Core and PTE Academic Online are not accepted by the University of Twente. LANGUAGECERT Academic certificate, not older than two years, with an overall score (band score/minimum score) of 65, and minimum subscores of 60 in Reading and Listening, and 65 in Speaking and Writing. Only the standard LANGUAGECERT Academic (in-person) test is accepted. Example and verification process On this page, you can find out how you can arrange the verification process and the example of the required English language certificate. KEEP IN MIND During your application, the University of Twente will verify your proof of English proficiency. The IELTS (academic), TOEFL iBT, PTE Academic, and LANGUAGECERT Academic are only accepted if it is not older than two years. Since your application will not be immediately reviewed, please kindly make sure that your English certificate is still valid for at least one month after you have submitted your application to Osiris. Please note: In some cases, it might take longer before your application is reviewed. The language requirements when applying for a scholarship may be different because scholarship providers may have different requirements. If you are a native English speaker and/or you have (fully) completed your education in English, you still have to meet the specific English language requirement. English language exemptions You are exempted from the English language requirement if: You have English as an exam subject, up until the final year, and you have studied the last three years of your secondary education in one of the following countries: Australia, Canada (English-speaking part), Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, or the United States of America. Also, check our country list for the specific requirements when studying in one of these countries. You have English as an exam subject during your secondary education. This exemption depends on your country, please check our country list to make sure if you must do the additional English language test or not. You have physically attended and obtained a three-year bachelor's degree in one of the countries exempted by UT. Check if you are exempted from taking an English test via the tool on the Student Services website . Please note: the tool is aimed at master's students, but also applies to bachelor's programmes if you already have a bachelor's diploma from another institution and want to pursue a bachelor's programme at UT. Close Suggestions Question about our studies? +3153 489 5489 study@utwente.nl All contact possibilities Code of Conduct As a signatory of the 'Code of Conduct with respect to international students in Dutch higher education' we guarantee the quality of our programmes, recruitment, selection and counselling procedures. Code of Conduct website General information (YouTube) Complaint procedure (YouTube) Address Study Information Centre +31 (0)53 489 5489 study@utwente.nl Route Quick links All bachelor's programmes Open Days and study choice Apply for a bachelor's Student stories Experiences of students Follow us: Disclaimer & Copyright Privacy & Cookies Last update 22 Sept 2026 Start live Chat In chat Chat offline (info) To use this functionality you first need to: Accept cookies