Skip to main content Nederlands English Deutsch LatAm website Italian website Education Bachelor Application & admission Deadlines Start your application for a bachelor's Apply What deadline applies to me? When do applications open and close? If you wish to enrol in a bachelor's, submit your application before the deadline. Application deadlines depend solely on your nationality. You should be able to provide valid (not expired) identity documents for each nationality to be registered within our system. If you have multiple nationalities, use the most beneficial nationality as your first nationality to determine your application deadline and tuition fees. To check if your nationality qualifies as EEA or non-EEA (visa required), visit the Dutch government website . Still need to graduate? You can always apply even when you still have to graduate. Most of the prospective students are still in their last year of high school when they start their application. Please be aware that you need to be graduated in the school year prior to the start of the academic year. Find out which deadline applies to you Some bachelor's programmes have deviating deadlines due to decentralised selection, mandatory matching, or selection activities. These deadlines apply to all students, regardless of nationality or educational background. Be sure to submit your application before the relevant application deadline. Do you currently have a valid residence permit for the Netherlands or another European country? Yes No Your nationality determines the application deadline, not your residence permit. For example, if you have Mexican nationality but a Dutch residence permit, your application will follow the deadline for Mexican nationals. Make sure to check your deadline based on your nationality. UT will verify your residence permit to ensure it is valid for your studies. If a new study visa is needed, UT will apply on your behalf, and therefore you must follow the relevant visa application process and deadlines. During your application, upload a copy of your current residence permit (front and back) in addition to the passport of your nationality, when asked for your identity document. Click here if you are a recognised refugee or possess a W-document (for asylum) in the Netherlands. For which bachelor's programme do you want to apply? As some have deviating deadlines. Please Choose Advanced Technology (deviating deadlines) Applied Mathematics Applied Physics Biomedical Technology Business Information Technology Chemical Science & Engineering Civil Engineering Communication Science Creative Technology Electrical Engineering Health Sciences Industrial Design Engineering Industrial Engineering & Management International Business Administration Management, Society & Technology Mechanical Engineering (deviating deadlines) Psychology (deviating deadlines) Technical Computer Science (deviating deadlines) Technical Medicine (deviating deadlines) What is your nationality? Dutch nationality EEA nationality (non-Dutch) Non-EEA (VISA) nationality Students with a Dutch nationality These deadlines apply if you have a Dutch nationality. Your current nationality is leading, even if you have a Dutch or European residence permit. Check the Dutch government website whether you have an EEA or visa nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 August Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Students with an EEA nationality (non-Dutch) These deadlines apply if you have a nationality of one of the European Economic Area (EEA) countries, the Dutch nationality excluded. Your current nationality is leading, even if you have a Dutch or European residence permit. Check the Dutch government website whether you have an EEA or visa nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 July Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Students with a non-EEA (visa) nationality The dates below apply if you need a residence permit for the Netherlands /visa when you wish to live and study here. Your current nationality is leading, even if you have a Dutch or European residence permit. Check the Dutch government website whether you have an EEA or visa nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 May Proof of graduation 1 July, unless otherwise specified within your conditional admission letter Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September The visa/residence permit procedure only starts after being admitted, be aware of those deadlines as well. Every non-EEA student needs to go through the process, including students who already have a residence permit, as we need to verify this. * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Which language track are you interested in? English Dutch Bachelor's in Psychology (English Track) The bachelor's programme in Psychology has a deviating deadline due to decentralised selection , regardless of your nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 15 January Proof you graduated before 1 July Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September The visa/residence permit procedure only starts after you have been offered a place, you have accepted this place, and you have worked away your deficiencies (if applicable). Every non-EEA student needs to go through the visa process, including students who already have a residence permit, as we need to verify this. Please note: Non-EEA applicants for whom we have to submit an application to the IND have to be eligible for a place before the deadline of 1 June in order to comply with the visa deadlines. If you have not been offered a place before this date, your application will be cancelled. * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Bachelor's in Psychology (Dutch Track) The bachelor's programme in Psychology has deviating deadlines due to mandatory matching activities , regardless of your nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 May Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September The visa/residence permit procedure only starts after being admitted (if applicable), be aware of those deadlines as well. Every non-EEA student needs to go through the process, including students who already have a residence permit, as we need to verify this. * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Bachelor's in Advanced Technology The bachelor's programme in Advanced Technology has deviating deadlines due to mandatory matching activities . Students with an EEA nationality (including Dutch nationalities) These deadlines apply if you have a nationality of one of the European Economic Area (EEA) , the Dutch nationality included. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 July Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Students with a non-EEA (VISA) nationality The dates below apply if you need a residence permit for the Netherlands /visa when you wish to live and study here. Your current nationality is leading, even if you have a Dutch or European residence permit. Check the Dutch government website whether you have an EEA or visa nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 May Proof of graduation (only non-EEA (VISA) nationalities) 1 July, unless otherwise specified within your conditional admission letter Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September The visa/residence permit procedure only starts after being admitted, be aware of those deadlines as well. Every non-EEA student needs to go through the process, including students who already have a residence permit, as we need to verify this. * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering The bachelor's programme in Mechanical Engineering has deviating deadlines due to mandatory matching activities , regardless of your nationality. These deadlines apply to both locations where the programme is offered; Amsterdam and Enschede. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 May Proof of graduation (only non-EEA (VISA) nationalities) 1 July, unless otherwise specified within your conditional admission letter Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September The visa/residence permit procedure only starts after being admitted (if applicable), be aware of those deadlines as well. Every non-EEA student needs to go through the process, including students who already have a residence permit, as we need to verify this. * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Bachelor's in Technical Computer Science The bachelor's programme in Technical Computer Science has deviating deadlines due to mandatory matching activities , regardless of your nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 1 May Proof of graduation (only non-EEA (VISA) nationalities) 1 July, unless otherwise specified within your conditional admission letter Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September The visa/residence permit procedure only starts after being admitted (if applicable), be aware of those deadlines as well. Every non-EEA student needs to go through the process, including students who already have a residence permit, as we need to verify this. * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Bachelor's in Technical Medicine The bachelor's programme in Technical Medicine has a deviating deadline due to a selection procedure , regardless of your nationality. September intake You can start your application from 1 October Deadline completed application with all the required uploads submitted via Osiris before 15 January Proof you worked away your deficiencies If you hold a non-EEA (VISA) nationality, it is before 15 July 15 May Proof you graduated before 15 July Deadline to submit the final certified photocopies * before 1 September The visa/residence permit procedure only starts after you have been offered a place, you have accepted this place, and you have worked away your deficiencies (if applicable). Every non-EEA student needs to go through the visa process, including students who already have a residence permit, as we need to verify this. Please note: Non-EEA applicants for whom we have to submit an application to the IND have to be eligible for a place before the deadline of 1 June in order to comply with the visa deadlines. If you have not been offered a place before this date, your application will be cancelled. * Please be aware that the application will not be finished as long as the final certified photocopies are not provided. The sooner the documents are provided, the sooner your application file will be completed. Previous Next Submit Close Suggestions Question about our studies? +3153 489 5489 study@utwente.nl All contact possibilities Code of Conduct As a signatory of the 'Code of Conduct with respect to international students in Dutch higher education' we guarantee the quality of our programmes, recruitment, selection and counselling procedures. Code of Conduct website General information (YouTube) Complaint procedure (YouTube) Address Study Information Centre +31 (0)53 489 5489 study@utwente.nl Route Quick links All bachelor's programmes Open Days and study choice Apply for a bachelor's Student stories Experiences of students Follow us: Disclaimer & Copyright Privacy & Cookies Last update 5 Aug 2026 Start live Chat In chat Chat offline (info) To use this functionality you first need to: Accept cookies