Skip to main content Nederlands English Deutsch LatAm website Italian website Education Bachelor Tuition fees 18 November Join the Online Open Day Sign up 18 November Join the Online Open Day Sign up 23 & 24 October Bachelor Open Days Sign up Get support in choosing a study View events Start your application today Apply now Start your application today Apply now Tuition fees bachelor's How much do you need to pay for your bachelor's? Find out about the tuition fees and other expenses as a student. If you are about to take the step into higher education, you will probably have many - financial - questions. What does studying cost? What expenses do I have as a student? Should I get a job on the side? Before you start studying, it is important to properly map out and arrange your financial situation. There are various forms of financial assistance such as student grants and allowances available. Tuition fees for bachelor's programmes The tuition fee you will need to pay depends on two factors: your nationality and the type of programme you have chosen to follow. Tuition fees for EU/EEA students (statutory fee) If you are a national of an EU/EEA country, you will most likely pay the statutory tuition fee . This fee is set and subsidised by the Dutch government and may change each academic year. The statutory tuition fee applies to most, but not all, students from EU/EEA countries. If you do not meet the conditions for the statutory tuition fee, you will be required to pay the institutional tuition fee (see below: tuition fees for non-EU/EEA students ). Also, note that you are required to pay an application fee . Overview of statutory tuition fees for bachelor's programmes 2026-2027 (Sep-Aug) 2027-2028 (Sep-Aug) All bachelor's, except for University College Twente € 2,694 per year € 2,771 per year University College Twente (programme no longer available) € 5,388 per year For detailed payment conditions, visit the website of Student Services . Tuition fees for non-EU/EEA students (institutional fee) If you are a national of a non-EU/EEA country, you will usually pay the institutional tuition fee . This fee is higher than the statutory tuition fee, as Dutch universities do not receive government funding for non-EU/EEA students. The institutional tuition fee you pay depends on the programme you choose. Check below to find out whether your programme is subject to the lower or higher tuition fee rate. Overview lower and higher rate programmes Lower rate programmes Communication Science International Business Administration Psychology Public Administration Higher rate programmes Advanced Technology Applied Mathematics Applied Physics Biomedical Technology Business Information Technology Chemical Science & Engineering Civil Engineering Creative Technology Electrical Engineering Health Sciences Industrial Design Engineering Industrial Engineering & Management Mechanical Engineering Technical Computer Science Technical Medicine Please also note that you are required to pay an application fee . Overview of institutional tuition fees for bachelor's programmes 2026-2027 (Sep-Aug) 2027-2028 (Sep-Aug) Fulltime lower rate bachelor's € 12,300 per year € 12,652 per year Fulltime higher rate bachelor's € 16,400 per year € 16,869 per year University College Twente (programme no longer available) € 19,904 per year € 19,640 per year For detailed payment conditions, visit the website of Student Services . Financial aid and scholarships for students There are different types of financial aid available. For international students If you are not a Dutch national but you are living in the Netherlands, it is possible to qualify for Dutch student finance in certain situations, depending on your residence permit or nationality. For Dutch students If you are a Dutch national and if you are under the age of thirty you may qualify for student finance. Scholarships The University of Twente offers scholarships to outstanding students pursuing a master's degree, funded by governments, organisations, and private individuals. How do you apply for a scholarship? We recommend starting your search with your country's Ministry of Education or equivalent government body, as they may offer scholarships or grants for students wishing to study abroad. Applying for a scholarship is separate from applying for admission to a programme and is entirely your own responsibility. The University of Twente is not involved in the scholarship application process and cannot secure funding on your behalf. You can also explore funding opportunities through Nuffic , the Dutch organisation for internationalisation in education , which provides information on scholarships and other sources of financial support. In addition, the Study in Holland website offers an overview of funding options for international students planning to study in the Netherlands. Find a scholarship Monthly living costs According to Nibud, the Dutch National Institute for Family Finance Information (nibud.nl), studying and living in the Netherlands will cost you, on average, about 1,300 euros a month, excluding tuition fees . Here is the calculation behind that estimate: Monthly living costs Rent € 561 Food € 244 Textbooks € 41 Transport (excluding a railcard) € 67 Recreation, going out, sports € 239 Shoes and clothing € 60 Health insurance € 60 Supplementary insurance € 23 Telephone € 16 Total average per month € 1,311 Keep in mind that this is just an estimate. Luckily, housing in Enschede is generally cheaper than in other Dutch student cities. Furthermore, your rent depends on the type of accommodation you choose. One-time costs Laptop, for example, to be purchased through the UT's Laptop Project . Any deposit costs for the accommodation you move into, usually comparable to one month's rent. Furnishings and furniture for your student home/room: approx. € 750. Costs are subject to change: typographical errors may occur. You might find this content also interesting All stories Close Suggestions Address Study Information Centre +31 (0)53 489 5489 study@utwente.nl Route Quick links All bachelor's programmes Open Days and study choice Apply for a bachelor's Student stories Experiences of students Follow us: Disclaimer & Copyright Privacy & Cookies Last update 12 Aug 2026 Start live Chat In chat Chat offline (info) To use this functionality you first need to: Accept cookies