Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation University of Tsukuba Home Educational Information Curriculum Application Information Laboratory List Graduate Prospects Tuition Fees & Scholarships (External Site) Student Voices Program Brochure Award FAQ Contact Cookie Policy University of Tsukuba Home University of Tsukuba Application information (IDE) Contents Admission policy Academic Objectives Selection Method Download Application Files Key Dates Online Application Past Entrance Examination Results Contact Admission policy To acquire solid basic skills in mathematics and Aspiration to lead the next generation of manufacturing in an ultra-smart society Proficiency in English language, necessary to devote the study of engineering fields Basic skills in mathematics, required to study a wide range of engineering fields Aptitude and motivation for studying in the field of engineering Academic Objectives This program , in which students are able to earn academic credits through classes conducted in English, aims to provide students with a firm foundation and specialized knowledge in the field of the Science and Engineering from interdisciplinary perspectives. The vision of this program is to make our graduates as a front-runner in Science and Technology, contributing substantially in realizing the next-generation smart-society. Requirements for Application 1 Applicant Eligibility Students must have completed or are expected to complete a 12-year curriculum of formal school education in a country other than Japan by August 31, 202 6 . 2 Conditions for Application (1) A recommendation by a home-room teacher or someone who knows you well. (2) TOEFL, IELTS, or an equivalent official English test The guidelines for the required English level are as follows : TOEFL (iBT) / TOEFL (iBT) Home Edition : [For Test taken before January 20, 2026] : 80 or higher [For Test taken after January 21, 2026] : 4.0 or higher IELTS (Academic) : 6.5 or higher Applicants whose language of instruction at the high school (upper secondary) level was English for three years are not required to submit TOEFL, TOEIC, or IELTS scores, but recommended. Selection Method Admission screening procedures consist of two selection stages. In the first stage, applicants will be screened through a comprehensive evaluation of the submitted documents. If successful, they will proceed to the second stage where individual interviews will determine the final selection of applicants. First Stage Screening A comprehensive evaluation of the submitted documents (qualification certificates, transcripts, certificates of English ability, test results of standardized examinations, reference letter, study plan, and other supporting documents). Second Stage Screening Individual interviews will be conducted for applicants who have passed the first stage screening. The interview will be used for an overall evaluation of the applicant's English abilities, basic academic knowledge in the field of specialization, and desire to contribute to the Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering. Download Application Files Please download the following application files here: IDE Application Guidelines Personal Statement (Essay) (Form 1) ( Word PDF ) Financial Plan (Form 2 ) ( Word PDF ) School Information (Form 3 ) ( Word PDF ) How to write your Personal Statement How to write your Financial Plan Key D ates Online Application Past Entrance Examination Results Contact Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering, University of Tsukuba, All rights reserved. Report abuse Page details Page updated Report abuse