1 Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering Application Guidelines for AY 2027 July 2026 2 1. Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering (International Program Taught in English) Academic Objectives This program, which offers students the opportunity to earn academic credits through classes conducted in English, aims to provide students with a firm foundation and specialized knowledge in the field of the Science and Engineering from interdisciplinary perspectives. The vision of this program is to make our graduates as a front-runner in Science and Technology, thus, contributing substantially in realizing the next-generation smart-society. Admission Policy (1) General Qualifications Students who can demonstrat e academic interests in the field of Science and Technology including mathematics, physics, chemistry, computer science, electronics etc., and, in addition, who possess excellent potentials to analyze any natural phenomena from a variety of Engineering perspectives are sought for this program. (2) Student Evaluation and Selection As for the selection of the applicants, b ased on submitted documents and individual inter views, t he university will make a comprehens ive evaluation of applicants' proficiency in English; basic academic capability to acquire knowledge in his/her major fields of study; and his/her own unique perspectives and analytical ability to resolve various problems in the field of Interdisciplinary Engineering. Schools and Colleges School of Science and Engineering (College of Engineering Sciences / College of Engineering Systems) Students Accepted From the first year Number of Students 13 Degree Bachelor of Engineering Inquiries about Application, Program, and Curriculum E-mail: ac.intl@un.tsukuba.ac.jp 3 2. Entrance Examination Schedule (Japan Standard Time) Online Application and Payment of the Examination Fee for the First Stage Screening October 1 (from 12 p.m. JST), to November 4 (until 5 p.m. JST), 2026 ▼ Notification of Examinee Number January 6, 2027 ▼ Announcement of Successful Applicants from the First Stage Screening February 10 (10 a.m. JST), 2027 ▼ Payment of the Examination Fee for the Second Stage Screening February 11 (from 12 p.m. JST) to February 15 (until 5 p.m. JST), 2027 ▼ Second Stage Screening (Individual Interviews) February 26 to March 8, 2027 (To be announced) ▼ Announcement of Final Successful Applicants March 25 (10 a.m. JST), 2027 ▼ Admission Procedures April 5 to April 19, 2027 ▼ Enrollment Date September 1, 2027 ▼ Entrance Ceremony and Orientation Late September, 2027 For Applicants with Disabilities: Applicants who require reasonable accommodations due to a disability should contact "11. Contact Office" before submitting your application. Early consultation is encouraged, as late requests may limit our ability to arrange appropriate accommodation. 4 3. Requirements for Application (1) Applicant Eligibility Only applicants who meet one of the requirements [1] through [5] below are eligible to apply. Applicants who have received more than four years of formal school education in Japan are not eligible. [1] Applicants who have completed or are expected to complete a 12-year curriculum of formal school education*1 in a country other than Japan by August 31, 2027. [2] Applicants who have completed or are expected to complete a 12-year curriculum in Japan at an international school*2 designated by the Minister of MEXT by August 31, 2027. [3] Applicants who hold or are expected to hold an International Baccalaureate, European Baccalaureate, Abitur (Germany), Baccalauréat (France), or GCE A-Level/International A-Level (United Kingdom) *3 in a country other than Japan by August 31, 2027. [4] Applicants who have completed or are expected to complete a 12-year curriculum at a school accredited by one of the following accreditation organizations by August 31, 2027. ・ Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), ・ Council of International Schools (CIS), ・ Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI), ・ New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC), ・ Cognia ・ Council of British International Schools (COBIS). [5] Applicants who do not fall under any of requirements [1] through [4] and who are determined to be eligible through an individual review by the university by September 30, 2026. If you are unsure about your eligibility, please send an email to the "11. Contact Office" by September 30. *1 Applicants from international schools may not qualify under eligibility requirement [1]. Please contact "11. Contact Office" if you are unsure *2 See the MEXT website below: https://www.mext.go.jp/en/policy/education/highered/title02/detail02/sdetail02/1395424.html 「List of Schools for Non-Japanese Designated as Equivalent to Foreign Upper Secondary Schools in Japan」 *3 For GCE A-Level/International A-Level, applicants must complete the subjects and assessments specified by the program below.  Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering: Complete three or more Advanced Level subjects (including mathematics) at grade E or above. 5 (2) Application Conditions All applicants must meet conditions [1] through [3] below. [1] Recommendation from Homeroom Teacher/ Counselor/ School Principal See "6. Application Documents (3)" for details. [2] English Proficiency English proficiency is a minimum admission requirement for all English-taught degree programs at the University of Tsukuba. Applicants must submit a TOEFL or IELTS score. Only TOEFL and IELTS scores are accepted. The preferred minimum scores are as follows: Qualification Score TOEFL (iBT) /TOEFL iBT Home edition [For tests taken before January 20, 2026] 80 or higher [For tests taken on or after January 21, 2026] 4 or higher IELTS (Academic) /IELTS online 6.5 or higher *NO TE: Applicants who have completed three years of secondary education with English as the medium of instruction are exempt from submitting TOEFL or IELTS scores. However, it is still strongly encouraged to do so to provide evidence of their English language proficiency. I n the absence of a test score, the admission interview will be conducted with the expectation that the applicant possesses near -native English communication skills, which must be demonstrated during the interview. [3] Mathematical Proficiency P roficiency in mathematics is another minimum requirement for admission to the Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering. Mathematical proficiency is assessed through scores from one of the standardized examinations listed below, and applicants are strongly encouraged to submit SAT or ACT scores. ･International Baccalaureate ･European Baccalaureate (Elementary mathematics is not eligible) ･ Abitur [Germany] ･GCE A-Level/International A-Level [UK] (AS Level is not eligible) ･SAT/ACT [US]* *NOTE for SAT & ACT: 1. A pplicants are required to request the sending of an official score directly from the testing agency by November 4, 2026. 2. P lease self-report your test scores during the online application procedure. 3. Super Scores from the SAT/ACT are not accepted. 6 4. Selection Method The admissions process is conducted in two stages. Only applicants who pass the first stage may proceed to the second. (1) First-Stage Screening A comprehensive review of submitted documents, including qualification certificates, transcripts, English proficiency scores, standardized examination results, a reference letter, a personal statement, and any other supporting materials. (2) Second-Stage Screening Individual interviews will be conducted for applicants who pass the first stage. The interview will assess English communication ability, fundamental academic knowledge relevant to the chosen field, and the applicant's motivation and goals for the Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering. 5. Online Application Procedures I. Application Procedures (1) Online Application via the application system  Access the online application system. *You must create an account before applying.  Enter the necessary information by following the instructions in the application system. "University of Tsukuba English Programs Online Application": https://tsukuba-en.campus-p.jp/entry/ (2) Submission of "Documents Prepared by the Applicant"  Submit all required documents according to the instructions provided  For details, please refer to "6. Application Documents." Examination Fee Stages For Whom Examination Fee First-Stage Screening All applicants JPY 4,000 Second-Stage Screening Applicants who pass the first-stage screening only JPY 13,000 *Important Note Please make sure to click "Submit" to complete your application. Your application will not be submitted until you click the "Submit" button. Note that you cannot modify your application after submission. II. Application Period and Submission Deadline (JST) The online application system will be available from 12:00 p.m. (JST) on October 1, 2026, to 5:00 p.m. (JST) on November 4, 2026. Applicants must complete the online application, submit all required documents, and pay the first-stage screening fee by the application deadline. Notes: 1. You can apply for only one of the following programs: - Undergraduate Program of International Social Studies - Interdisciplinary Program of Life and Environmental Sciences - Undergraduate Medical Science Program for International Students (only for transfer students) - Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering 7 - Bachelor's Program in Global Issues * Once an application has been submitted, the selected program and college cannot be changed. 2. Applicants who submit incomplete applications or incorrect information may be disqualified. 3. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation due to a disability or other circumstances should contact 11. "Contact Office" before applying. 4. Application documents will not be returned, and examination fees are non-refundable. 5. If any falsification, fabrication, or factual discrepancies are found in the application materials, or any examination misconduct is identified, admission may be revoked before or after enrollment. Any editing or alteration of the photograph uploaded to the application system may be regarded as misconduct. In serious cases, any such misconduct may be reported to the police or may be subject to legal action. 6. If you do not meet the eligibility requirements by August 31, 2027, your admission will be revoked. 7. The University may request the submission of original documents for any materials uploaded through the online application system. Applicants should retain the original documents until the admission process has been completed. 6. Ap plication Documents (1) Online Application Form (to be completed and submitted via the Application System) Items Applicable Applicants Remarks i. Applicant's Information All □ N ame : Enter your name in the Roman alphabet exactly as it appears in your passport. □ G ender: □ N ationality : If you hold multiple nationalities, please list all of them □ D ate of Birth: □ ID Photo: Submit a front -facing photograph taken within the last three months, without a hat or other head covering. If you are wearing glasses during the interview, please wear them in the photograph. □ Interview Location: Select "Tsukuba Campus, University of Tsukuba" if you are applying from within Japan, or "Outside Japan (via the Internet)" if you are applying from outside Japan*. *If you select "Outside Japan (via the Internet)," please enter the country and city from which you will attend the online interview. Residents of Japan □ Status of Residence in Japan: □ C urrent Affiliation: ii. Contact Information All □ Contact Information: Important notices from the University of Tsukuba will be sent to the contact information until enrollment. □ E mergency Contact: Please provide contact information of a person who can be contacted in case of an emergency. This must be different from the applicant's contact information. 8 iii. Ed ucational Background All □ Primary Education / Elementary School □ Secondary Education (Lower) / Middle School □ Secondary Education (Upper) / High School □ Higher Education / University or College □ Other iv. Other All □ Applicant Eligibility: Select one from [1] through [5]. □ Conditions for Application: - English Proficiency Select the test name and enter your score. - Mathematical Proficiency Sel ect the test name and enter your mathematics score. □ Job Experience List any full-time work experience from the past five years. (2) Application Documents to Be Prepared by the Applicant and Uploaded to the Application System Items For Whom Remarks i. Personal Statement (Essay) (Form 1) All Prepare your personal statement using Form 1 and upload it as a PDF file. The statement must be between 800 and 1,200 words. For detailed instructions on how to write the personal statement, please refer to "How to Write Your Personal Statement" at the following link: https://www.ide.tsukuba.ac.jp/ application-information#h.w9auwludqeee NOTE:  Form 1 can be downloaded from the following website. https://www.ide.tsukuba.ac.jp/applicationinformation#h.w9auwludqeee ii. Financial Plan (Form 2) All Prepare your financial plan for four years on Form 2 and upload it as a PDF file. Please note that upon admission, applicants applying for a "Student" visa will be required to submit documents proving their ability to cover the costs of studying in Japan, such as a sponsor's bank balance certificate. NOTE:  "Form 2" can be downloaded from the following website: https://www.ide.tsukuba.ac.jp/applicationinformation#h.w9auwludqeee iii. Qualification Certificate All Scan and upload a certificate of graduation (or expected graduation) from the most recent secondary school attended. NOTES:  If you are applying with International Baccalaureate (IB) qualification, please also upload a scanned copy of the International Baccalaureate Diploma certified by the International Baccalaureate Organization and an original of your IB Final Examination Evaluation Certificate.  If you are applying with European Baccalaureate (EB) qualification, please also upload a scanned copy of the European Baccalaureate Diploma certified by the European Schools and an original of the official final transcript.  If you are applying with Abitur (Germany) qualification, please also upload a scanned copy of the Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife, and results described in the certificate.  If you are applying with Baccalauréat (France) qualification, please also upload a scanned copy of the Diplome du Baccalauréat de 9 l'Enseignement du Second Degré and an original of Relevé de Notes.  If you are applying with GCE A-Level/International A-Level (United Kingdom) qualification, please also u pload the scanned test results of your Advanced Level subjects. iv. Official Transcript All Upload a scanned official transcript covering three years of study, including the final year, from the most recent secondary school attended. A predicted transcript for the final year may be submitted if the final results are not yet available. NOTE:  If you have received any further education, such as at the university level, upload scanned transcripts for that period of study. v. School Information (Form 3) and School Profile / Brochure All Upload School Information (Form 3) for your most recent high school (secondary school) completed by one of the persons listed below.  homeroom teacher  counselor  school principal  school official who can take responsibility to complete the form In addition, upload a school profile or brochure that includes an overview of the school (official name, location, number of students, number of teachers, accreditation, etc.) as well as information on its educational content, including educational objecti ves, admission procedures, curriculum, and typical career paths after graduation. NOTE:  Form 3 can be downloaded from the following website: https://www.ide.tsukuba.ac.jp/applicationinformation#h.w9auwludqeee vi. Passport All Upload a scanned copy of the identification page of your passport. If you do not hold a passport, please upload an official document verifying your full name, date of birth, and nationality. vii. English Test Score Applicable Applicants Upload a scanned copy of your official TOEFL iBT or IELTS Academic score report. TOEIC Listening & Reading, TOEIC IP scores, and TOEFL Institutional Test Score Records are not accepted. For TOEFL iBT, please request that the official score report be sent directly to the University of Tsukuba by the testing agency (institution code: C238). For IELTS, please request your test center to send the official test report directly to the "11. Contact Office." All requests for official score submission must be completed by November 4. viii. Standardized Test Results and Official Score Reports All Take one of the standardized examinations listed below before submitting your application and upload a scanned copy of your test results. These results will be considered as supporting evidence of your academic achievement. For SAT, ACT, and IBDP Final Grades, official scores must be sent directly to the University of Tsukuba either as an original hard copy or made available online by the testing agency (SAT code: 7264; ACT code: 1876). The submission request to the testing agency must be made by November 4. Score reports must include mathematics results. ・ International Baccalaureate* ・ European Baccalaureate* ・ Abitur [Germany] ・ GCE A-Level/International A-Level* [UK] ・ SAT/ACT [US] 10 Note: For examinations marked with an asterisk (*), predicted grades may be accepted. ix. Other Supporting D ocuments Applicable Applicants Upload scanned copies of up to three additional documents that demonstrate your strengths as an applicant, such as outstanding academic achievements, awards, or other notable accomplishments. (3) Application Form to Be Completed by a Person Other Than the Applicant and Uploaded to Th e Application System Items Applicable Applicants Remarks i. R eference Letter All Nominate one of the individuals listed below from your current or most recent secondary school through the application system. The nominated referee will automatically receive an email from the system requesting them to complete and submit the reference letter form.  homeroom teacher  counselor  school principal  someone who knows you well and who has been involved in your educational activities ( IMPORTANT) You do not need to submit any documents by postal mail at the application stage. Only applicants who are finally admitted will be required to submit the original copies of the "Qualification Certificate and the Official Transcript" by August 31, 2027. Please retain the original documents until requested. N otes:  Forms 1, 2, and 3 may be completed either by hand or electronically.  All documents uploaded to the application system must be submitted in the designated format.  Submitted application documents will not be returned.  All documents must be submitted in English. If any documents issued by your school are in a language other than English, you must provide an English translation certified by your school and submit it together with the original document. However, translations of optional supporting documents may be prepared by the applicant.  The University of Tsukuba may request original copies of any documents uploaded to the application system. Please retain all original documents for future reference. 7. A nnouncement of the Screening Results (1 ) First-Stage Screening The first-stage screening result (examinee numbers of successful applicants) will be announced on February 10, 2027 (10 a.m. JST) on the Undergraduate Admissions website below: https://ac.tsukuba.ac.jp/en/ Successful applicants in the first -stage screening are required to pay the second -stage screening fee (JPY 13,000) during the designated payment period (February 11-15). Applicants who do not complete the payment procedure will not be permitted to participate in the second -stage screening. Failure to pay the fee by the deadline will be considered a withdrawal from the second-stage screening process. (2) Second-Stage Screening The examinee numbers of final successful applicants will be announced on the Undergraduate Admissions website (see the URL above) at 10:00 a.m. (JST) on March 2 5, 2027. A Letter of Acceptance and other documents necessary for the admission procedures will be sent to all successful applicants. 11 8. Admission Procedures (1) Admission Procedure Period ① The admission procedure period is from April 5 to April 19, 2027. (2) Documents Required for Admission Procedures ① Copy of the "Letter of Acceptance" ② Other necessary documents which will be notified when the "Letter of Acceptance" is sent. Note: In addition to the documents listed above, the original Qualification Certificate and Official Transcript must be submitted by August 31, 2027. (3) Admission Fee and Tuition Fee ① The admission fee is JPY 282,000. ② The tuition fee differs depending on whether you are an international student or not. ・Tuition fee (For international students) -Fall Semester (October - March): JPY 304,400 -Spring Semester (April - September): JPY 304,400 (Annual: JPY 608,800) ・Tuition fee (Non-international students) -Fall Semester (October - March): JPY 267,900 -Spring Semester (April - September): JPY 267,900 (Annual: JPY 535,800) *International students refer to individuals residing in Japan under the 'Student' residence status as specified in Table (4) of Appended Table I of the Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act (Cabinet Order No. 319 of 1951). *This program begins in September. Therefore, tuition fees will be charged starting from September, when your enrollment officially takes effect. ③ If the admission fee or tuition fee is revised at the time of admission or during enrollment, the revised fee will apply from the effective date of the revision. ④ Tuition fee must be paid by bank transfer through a Japanese financial institution after enrollment. ⑤ A full or partial tuition fee waiver is available to a limited number of students who would otherwise face financial difficulty in paying the tuition fees. 9. Disclosure of Information about the Entrance Examination Upon request, the University will disclose information regarding the entrance examination for the Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering (AY 202 7) from September 1 to October 31, 202 7. For further information, please contact the "11. Contact Office." 10. Handling of Personal Information The University of Tsukuba is committed to the proper managem ent and protection of personal information in 12 accordance with the "Act on the Protection of Personal Information" and the University of Tsukuba's Personal Information Protection and Management Regulations. https://www.japaneselawtranslation.go.jp/en/laws/view/4241 https://www.tsukuba.ac.jp/en/about/privacy-policy/pdf/privacy-policy-en.pdf The names, dates of birth, gender, and other personal information provided by applicants during the application and enrollment processes will be handled appropriately and used for the following purposes. ・ Selection, Announcement of Successful Candidates and Admission Procedures ・ Post-e nrollment services for admitted student s including academic affairs (student registration, academic guidance, etc.), student support (health management, scholarship applications, etc.), and tuition fees. ・ Research, analysis and study for improvement of admission processes, and public relations activities ・ Preparation and use of statistical data in a form that does not identify individual applicants. ・ Personal information will not be shared with third parties without the individual's consent, except as permitted under Article 27, Paragraph 1 of "Act on the Protection of Personal Information". 11. Contact Office Office of Bachelor's Program in Interdisciplinary Engineering, University of Tsukuba 1-1-1 Tennodai, Tsukuba, Ibaraki 305-8577 Japan E-mail: ac.intl@un.tsukuba.ac.jp Website: https://www.ide.tsukuba.ac.jp