Skip to content Undergraduate Admission Apply Admission Overview Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Stage 4 Explore About UCA Programmes BA, Global Economics BSc, Earth and Environmental Science BSc, Computer Science BA, Communications and Media Campuses Khorog, Tajikistan Naryn, Kyrgyzstan Facutly and Staff Career Student Life Brochure Engage Campus Visits Virtual Visits Afford Undergraduate Admission Apply Admission Overview Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Stage 4 Explore About UCA Programmes BA, Global Economics BSc, Earth and Environmental Science BSc, Computer Science BA, Communications and Media Campuses Khorog, Tajikistan Naryn, Kyrgyzstan Facutly and Staff Career Student Life Brochure Engage Campus Visits Virtual Visits Afford Home Apply Stage 2 Stage 1 Application Form and Supplementary Documents Stage 2 UCA Admissions Test or SAT Scores Stage 3 Application Forms Stage 4 Fees and Financial Assistance Admissions Test & SAT Scores Students who have completed the Stage 1 application form will receive an e-mail with an Application Number, Test Centre address, and date and time for the UCA Admissions Test or SAT deadline. Students from outside Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, or Kazakhstan will be shortlisted after preliminary review and invited to take the admissions test. You can only take the test at the location specified in your personal notification. This test is a paid examination, with a fee of $15. Please take the following to the test venue: Personal Application Number/email Original passport or other government-issued photo ID Test Centres* Afghanistan (Shugnan, Kabul & Faizabad), Kazakhstan (Almaty, Astana, Taraz & Tekeli), Kyrgyzstan (Bishkek, Karakol, Naryn, Osh, Jalal-Abad and Batken), Pakistan (Karachi, Gilgit, Chitral&Islamabad), and Tajikistan (Dushanbe, Khorog, Khudjand, Kulob & Bokhtar). * Test centres are subject to change. Admissions Test UCA's Admissions Test will be conducted at designated testing locations and is comprised of two sections including English and mathematics. This test is a paid examination, with a fee of $15. Applicants can submit the IELTS and TOEFL results instead of taking English language test, please see the requirements below: IELTS. PP - 6 to 6.5, DE - 7 and higher; TOEFL iBT. PP - 79-95, DE - 96 and higher; TOEFL cBT. PP - 212-241, DE - 242 and higher; TOEFL pBT, PP - 548-588, DE - 590 and higher; Cambridge English Test. PP - B1, DE - C1. English This standardised test consists of two sections: ESL Reading Skills test measures your ability to read English through the comprehension of short passages and ESL Sentence meaning test measures how well you understand the meaning of sentences in English. The minimum threshold to be shortlisted is a B1 level for UCA's preparatory programme, and a B2/C1 level for direct entry. It is based on the Common European Framework for Reference in Languages (CEFR). English as a Second Language (ESL) test sample questions. Mathematics The Quantitative Reasoning, Algebra, and Statistics placement test is a computer adaptive assessment of test takers' ability for selected mathematics content. Questions will focus on a range of topics including computing with rational numbers, applying ratios and proportional reasoning, creating linear expressions and equations, graphing and applying linear equations, understanding probability and set notation, and interpreting graphical displays. In addition, questions may assess a student's math ability via computational or fluency skills, conceptual understanding, or the capacity to apply mathematics presented in a context. All questions are multiple choice in format and appear discretely (stand-alone) across the assessment. Quantitative Reasoning, Algebra, and Statistics test sample questions. SAT Score Requirement For students wishing to submit SAT Scores, please use University of Central Asia's code 7834 OR send a scanned/official electronic version by 7 March, 2026 by email to: admissions@ucentralasia.org OR submit in person or by mail to: University of Central Asia Central Administration Office 125/1 Toktogul Street Bishkek, 720001 Kyrgyzstan If students submit SAT Scores and also sit for UCA's Admissions Test, only the results of UCA's test will be taken into consideration. Subject Score (for Prep Year): Score (Direct Entry): Maths 500 600 Evidence Based Reading & Writing 500 550 STAGE 1 STAGE 3 Stage 1 Application Form and Supplementary Documents Stage 2 UCA Admissions Test or SAT Scores Stage 3 Application Forms and Interviews Stage 4 Fees and Financial Assistance Any questions? Contact us: University of Central Asia UCA Home Campus tour News Subscribe Terms and Conditions Safe Disclosure Contact Us © University of Central Asia, 2004 - 2023