Skip to content Undergraduate Admission Apply Admission Overview Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Stage 4 Explore About UCA Programmes BA, Global Economics BSc, Earth and Environmental Science BSc, Computer Science BA, Communications and Media Campuses Khorog, Tajikistan Naryn, Kyrgyzstan Facutly and Staff Career Student Life Brochure Engage Campus Visits Virtual Visits Afford Undergraduate Admission Apply Admission Overview Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Stage 4 Explore About UCA Programmes BA, Global Economics BSc, Earth and Environmental Science BSc, Computer Science BA, Communications and Media Campuses Khorog, Tajikistan Naryn, Kyrgyzstan Facutly and Staff Career Student Life Brochure Engage Campus Visits Virtual Visits Afford Home Apply Stage 4 Stage 1 Application Form and Supplementary Documents Stage 2 UCA Admissions Test or SAT Scores Stage 3 Application Forms Stage 4 Fees and Financial Assistance Fees and Financial Assistance Education at the University of Central Asia is heavily subsidized, so that a student's financial constraints are not a barrier to quality education. UCA's generous financial aid programme ensures that admission is based on merit, and the ability to pay fees is not a consideration during the selection process. Fees are paid in the national currency where the Campuses are located and fixed for the entire period of undergraduate programme. Tuition fees at UCA are the equivalent of US$5000 per year, which is less than most universities in Central Asia, as well as China, Turkey, and Russia. Moreover, as mentioned above, depending on the financial circumstances of the student, tuition fees can be subsidized or waived for deserving and meritorious students. Unlike other universities in the region where students have to arrange for their own housing and meals, UCA provides a unique residential experience for their undergraduate students. Its modern on-campus facilities include attractive accommodations, meals, laptops, health insurance, and other facilities, and cost the equivalent of $3000 for the academic year, which is also eligible for subsidy. Student fees represent a fraction of the total cost of education: up to 95 percent of the cost per student is subsidised by UCA . Tuition fees include academic instruction, textbooks, and instructional material, laptop computer, accommodation and meals, health insurance plan, fitness centre, sports, recreation, individual tutorials and counselling, and wifi connection. Full scholarships are awarded on a competitive basis to meritorious students from Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan. These include: Exceptional academic achievements in UCA's admissions test, 1st place award in Republican Olympiads in all subjects, Gold Certificate winners for the General Republican Testing (ORT). Relevant certificates and other documents should be submitted by shortlisted candidates to UCA's Admissions Office. In the case of exceptional academic performance at the UCA's admissions test, students may be eligible for conditional direct enrolment to the second year of UCA's five-year degree. Financial Aid Application Process Webinar in English Financial Aid Application Process Webinar in Russian PDF Downloads Financial Aid Application Kyrgyzstan Financial Aid Application Tajikistan Financial Aid Application Kazakhstan Financial Aid Application International STAGE 3 Stage 1 Application Form and Supplementary Documents Stage 2 UCA Admissions Test or SAT Scores Stage 3 Application Forms and Interviews Stage 4 Fees and Financial Assistance Any questions? Contact us: University of Central Asia UCA Home Campus tour News Subscribe Terms and Conditions Safe Disclosure Contact Us © University of Central Asia, 2004 - 2023