Financial Aid Application Package (2026-27) for Students from All Countries (Excluding Kyrgyz Republic, Tajikistan or Kazakhstan) i FINANCIAL AID APPLICATION PACKAGE Academic Year 2026-2027 Application Deadline:Wednesday, 22 April 2026 This application package includes the following: 1. Guidelines and Instructions 2. Financial Aid Application Checklist 3. Financial Aid Application Form ⇒ Section A: Personal and Contact Information ⇒ Section B: Household Information ⇒ Section C: Household Income and Expenditure ⇒ Section D: Household Assets and Liabilities ⇒ Section E: Additional Information ⇒ Section F: Expected Contribution for Educational Expenses for the year 2026-2027 ⇒ Section G: Undertaking 4. Annexures to the Financial Aid Application ⇒ Annexure A: Work Related Information for all Earning and Retired members of the Household ⇒ Annexure B: Educational Spending for all Students in the household ⇒ Annexure C: Annual Household Expenditure (excluding educational spending as per Annexure B) ⇒ Annexure D: Land owned by any member of the Household ⇒ Annexure E: Property owned by any member of the Household ⇒ Annexure F: Motor Vehicles owned by any member of the Household ⇒ Annexure G: Live Stock owned by any member of the Household ⇒ Annexure H: Cash and Bank Balances and Deposits of all members in the Household ii If you require clarification or further assistance in completing UCA's Financial Aid Application Package, please feel free to contact Scholarships and Financial Aid Office by email at sfa@ucentralasia.org or contact the following UCA personnel. The following officers will be available for one on one consultation sessions and the University will be organising a series of information sessions for students' benefit. The dates and times will be announced in due course through the website and UCA's social media channels. Name Location Phone Number Ms Manzura Qubodbekova Dushanbe, Tajikistan +992 93 801 1188 Ms Takhmina Imomkulova Khorog, Tajikistan +992 77 709 0867 Ms Alisa Ruslanova Naryn, Kyrgyzstan +996 770 822 963 Ms Erika Nurmanbetova Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan Please email the completed financial aid application checklist and form to sfa@ucentralasia.org or submit to any one of the following UCA locations. University of Central Asia Central Administration Office 125/1 Toktogul Street Bishkek, 720001 Kyrgyz Republ ic T el: +996 (312 ) 663 822 SPCE Learning Centre, Dushanbe 61/2 Nisor Muhammad street Dushanbe, 734013 Republic of Tajikistan Tel: +992 (446) 014 465 +992 (446) 014 422 UCA Campus Khorog 155 Kimatshoev Street Khorog, GBAO 736000 Republic of Tajikistan Tel: +992 (3522) 22 277 UCA Campus Naryn 310 Lenin Street Naryn, 722900 Kyrgyz Republic Tel: +996 (3522) 57 822 SPCE Tekeli 13 Gagarin Street Tekeli, 041700 Republic of Kazakhstan Tel: +7 (72835) 44 177, 43 444 Ms Muhabbat Butabekova Dushanbe, Tajikistan +992 93 888 8455 ++996 770 822 258 iii GUIDELINES AND INSTRUCTIONS All financial information and documents submitted to UCA will be treated as confidential. The application does not guarantee award of financial aid. UCA will grant awards according to the demonstrated financial needs, subject to verification and University policies. The University reserves the right to verify applicant's information from a recognised source, a third party or visitation and/or request additional documents or explanation of information or circumstances. Please note that by signing the documents as part of Financial Aid Application package, you are certifying that all information provided therein, whether prepared by you or not, is complete and true in all respect . Concealing information or providing incorrect information will result in denial of financial aid and may also result in strict disciplinary action, including possible expulsion from the University. A student has the right to apply for a review only ONCE if dissatisfied with UCA's Financial Aid Committee's decision. However, the University's resulting decision to such a review will be final. APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS  Read the Form and accompanying instructions carefully before completing it.  Complete the Form in ENGLISH in BLOCK LETTERS or typewritten or printed from a computer.  Answer all questions and sign all forms where applicable. Use extra sheets where necessary.  If a question does not apply to you, do not leave the answer field blank.  If the question does not apply in the case of a numeric field put the number (0).  If the question does not apply in a text field indicate "N/A".  You must also write "N/A" in any Sections or Schedules that are not applicable to you.  All dates should be entered in the DD-MM-YYYY format - for example: 5 March 1982 should be written as 05-03-1982.  Carefully read and sign the Section G of the Financial Aid Application Form.  Submit the completed Financial Aid Application Package as an organised, consolidated file including the Checklist, Application Form, All Schedules and all required documents NO LATER THAN Wednesday 22 April 2026. Incomplete and/or late applications will not be considered. iv Follow these important instructions as you fill the application: 1. Enter the Application # provided by UCA's Registrar's Office. 2. Enter your Name (First Name, Middle Name, and Last Name/Family Name) as it appears on your Passport and other official identification documents. 3. Enter your Date of Birth (Day, Month and Year) as it appears on your Passport or official documents. 4. Enter your country of Citizenship. If you are a citizen of more than one country enter the names of all countries. 5. Enter Passport/ID Details (Passport/ID Number, Name of issuing authority, Date of Issue and Date of Expiry) in respective boxes. 6. Enter Place of Birth (City/Town and Country) in the respective boxes. 7. Tick appropriate box for Student's Gender (Female or Male). 8. Tick appropriate box for Student's Marital Status (Married, Separated/Divorced or Single). 9. Tick appropriate box for Parents' Current Marital Status (Married, Separated/Divorced or Single). 10. Enter complete Home/Permanent Address (Apartment/House#, Block/Street #, Street Name, City/Town, Province/Oblast, Country and Postal Code) as per required details in respective boxes. 11. Enter Mailing Address (Apartment/House#, Block/Street #, Street Name, City/Town, Province/Oblast, Country and Postal Code) if different from the Home/Permanent Address as per # 10 above. If the Postal Address and the Home/Permanent Address are the same enter "Same as above". 12. Enter Email Addresses for Student and Parent/Guardian in respective boxes. In cases where no email address is available, enter "N/A". 13. Enter Home Phone # including the country code and area code in separate box. 14. Enter Mobile # including country code in separate box. 15. Enter information related to Current Residence (Type, Legal Status, Number of Rooms, Total Area and Covered Area) where applicant resides or registered.  Type select from: Apartment or House  Legal Status select from: Owned, Rented or Provided by Employer  Number o f Rooms: Enter total number of rooms in the Apartment or House  Apartments: Total Area and Covered Area shall be the same  House: Ente r plot size in Total Area and House size in C overed Area v 16. Enter total number of members in the household including the applicant. The numbers in Question # 16 shall correspond and be equal to a sum total of the numbers included in Questions # 17 to 20. For the purposes of UCA's Financial Aid Application the members of a household include:  All immediate family members of the applicant including parents/guardians, siblings and children whether they live together or separately i.e. family members working elsewhere or attending residential school/university, etc.  Grandparents if they live together with the applicant.  All other individual persons who live together with the applicant and help the family to meet their daily needs regardless of whether they have a blood or marital relationship with any member of the family. However, this does not include servants, guests or tenants, etc. 17. Enter the number of all earning members in the household. If any member with a disability included in Question # 21 is also an earning member, include them in the total count of all earning members. If the retired member is still an earning member, include them in the total count of all earning members and do not include them in the count for Question #19. 18. Enter the number of all non-earning members in the household, including dependents and, excluding retired members included in Question # 19 and members attending school, college or university included in # 20. If any member with a disability included in Question # 21 is not an earning member, include the count with non-earning members. 19. Enter the number of all retired members in the household. If any member with disability included in Question # 21 is a retired member, include the count with retired members. If the retired member is still an earning member, include them in the count of Question #17 total earning members and. Also include her/his current income, as well as pension in Annexure A. Do not include a retired member still earning an income in the count of retired members. 20. Enter the number of all students in the household whether attending school, college or university. If any member with disability included in Question # 21 is attending school, college or university, include the count with students. 21. Enter the number of members with disability in the household. Also include the relevant count in Questions # 17 to 20 based on the classification of the member with disability as earning, non-earning or retired or as attending school, college or university. 22. Enter the following details of all members of the household included in Question # 16. Enter information of Mother and Father, even if he or she is deceased. If any of them are not alive, enter deceased in the marital status column.  Age:  Marital Status select from:  Economic Status select from:  Physical Status select from: Enter the age as of 22 April 2026 Single, Married, Divorced, Widow or Deceased Earning, Retired, Unemployed, Student or Dependent Physically Fit or Disabled  Living with Household sel ect from: Yes or No vi  Complete the following Annexures (as applicable): Annexure A for all earning and retired members of the household Annexure B for all students in the household Annexure C for annual household expenditure (excluding educational spending as per Schedule B) Annexure D for land owned by any member of the household Annexure E for property owned by any member of the household Annexure F for motor vehicles owned by any member of the household Annexure G for livestock owned by any member of the household Annexure H for cash and bank balances and deposits for all members in the household 23. Complete Annexure A, Annexure B and Annexure C, as per instructions provided with Question # 22 and enter the Amounts for all line items within Annual Household Income and Expenditure. The figures in Question # 23 should correspond with the figures from relevant Annexures. This should include all income and expenditure related to the entire household listed in Question # 22 24. Tick appropriate box (Yes) or (No) to indicate whether or not the annual household expenditure is greater than the annual household income. If yes, provide the required explanation of how the household manages this shortfall in the space provided. Try to limit your response to the space provided. 25. Tick appropriate box if you are expecting significant changes in your household income next year (Increase, Decrease or No Change). Also provide relevant explanation and reasons in the space provided. Try to limit your response to the space provided. 26. Complete Annexure D, Annexure E, Annexure F, Annexure G and Annexure H, as per instructions provided with Question # 22 and enter the Amounts for Land, Property, Motor Vehicles, Livestock, Cash and Bank Balances and Deposits. The figures in these lines should correspond with the figures from relevant Annexures. Also enter Amount for Stocks, Securities and Bonds in respective lines. If using the line " Others" please specify and enter relevant details. This should include current market value of all the assets owned by any members of the household as listed in Question # 22. Use your best estimate of the price on which these assets can be sold in the current market to determine the current market value. 27. Enter relevant details for all Loans taken by any member of the household as listed in Question # 22. 28. Tick appropriate box for the overseas travel by any member of the household in the last three years (Yes or No). In case of overseas travel in the last three years, enter the relevant information.  Purpose of Travel select from: Leisure, Business, Education or Medical  Paid by select from: Self, Employer or Sponsor. If Sponsor, please provide details vii 29. Enter the number of times you went on a family vacation in the last three years. 30. Enter relevant details of other organisations/institutions/individuals approached for financial assistance including the Currency, Amount Applied for and Amount Approved. Also include relevant estimate for the possible financial aid from these sources in relevant line of Question # 32. 31. Enter any additional information not covered in other sections which you feel may be useful during the review of your Financial Aid Application by UCA. Try to limit your response to the space provided. 32. Enter information about all available and potential sources for meeting UCA's annual tuition, residence and other fees. 33. UCA will offer a combination of scholarships, needs-sensitive grants and student loans as part of its Financial Aid. For student loans, two Guarantors will be required including a parent/guardian. Enter names and relevant details of individuals who will provide a financial guarantee for your student loan. One of the guarantors should be a parent or a guardian. Also enter information if any of these individuals have provided or are providing a guarantee for any other student(s). SUBMISSION DOCUMENTS Financial Aid Application Checklist Financial Aid Application Form Annexures to the Financial Aid Application FINANCIAL AID APPLICATION CHECKLIST Academic Year 2026-2027 Application Deadline: Wednesday, 22 April 2026 This checklist provides students and their families with a guide to documents required for UCA's Financial Aid Application for the academic year 2026-2027. Please ensure the completed checklist is submitted with your application as the cover page. Be sure to compile and organise your supporting documents matching the order on the checklist and tick each item. If your application does not have all the required documents, the Financial Aid Committee may not fully understand your financial situation. This will delay the review process and may affect the outcome. If you are providing any document, please tick the "YES" column. If you are unable to provide any of the required documents, please tick the "NO" column and include a written explanation with full detail as to why that document is unavailable. If any document does not apply to you, please tick the "N/A" column. UCA will accept documents in ENGLISH, RUSSIAN, KYRGYZ, TAJIK OR KAZAKH. If the documents are any other language, send a notarised (certified) English translation with a copy of the original. Format Yes No N/A 1. Fully completed and signed Financial Aid Application Form with required Schedules and a recent (3cm x 4cm) colour photograph of student Original 2. House Register or any other official document to confirm the number of members in the household Note: For students registered and living separately from their parents/guardians, two certificates are required, one for the student and one for the parents/guardians Photocopy 3. Passport/ID of student, parents/guardians and other employed/earning members in the household - Identification pages and pages showing any amendments Photocopy Page 1 of 15 period from January 2025 to December 2025) for all employed members in the household -signed/stamped by the employer 4. Salary Certificate from the employer (salary history for the 5. Employment Book for unemployed parents/ guardians - Identification page and last page showing any amendments Original Photocopy Format Yes No N/A 6. Retirement Certificate for parents/guardians retired due to age or disability Photocopy 7. Latest Income Tax Declaration/Return (all pages) for individual earners and business/enterprises owned by any member in the household (as applicable) Photocopy 8. Bank Statements for all bank accounts maintained by any member of the household for the period from 1 March 2025 to 28 February 2026 Photocopy Page 2 of 15 Following supporting documents are not required at the time of application submission. However, the Financial Aid processing team reserves the right to request those documents later by email. It is the applicants responsibility to carefully fill out the financial aid application, and the following documents may be useful to provide accurate data: 1. Disability Certificate for any disabled member in the household. 2. Adoption Certificate, Certificate of Divorce or Death Certificate (as applicable) by students from a single-parent family or without parents. 3. Registration Certificate and Tax Registration Number for all business and enterprises owned by any member in the household; Certificate of Registration as private entrepreneur 4. Loan Inquiry providing evidence of loans taken by any member in the household including updated repayment schedule - duly signed and stamped by the issuer. 5. Utility bills including electricity, gas and heating for the period from September 2025 to February 2026. Area Code and Number FINANCIAL AID APPLICATION FORM Number 9. Parents' Current Marital Status: Student Parent/Guardian Block/Street # Street Name Block/Street # Street Name Country Code Country Code Apartment/House # City/Town Type Legal Status No. of Rooms Covered Area m2 SECTION A: Personal and Contact Information 11. Mailing Address: (if different from # 10) 14. Mobile #:13. Home Phone #: Province/Oblast Country Postal Code Married Married 12. Email Addresses: 8. Student's Marital Status: First Name Middle Name Last Name/Family Name Recent colour photograph of student (3cm x 4cm) 2. Name of Student: 1. Student Application #: Total Area m2 Number Issued by 3. Date of Birth: 4. Citizenship: 6. Place of Birth: 5. Passport/Official Identification: YearMonth A. Read the Form and accompanying instructions carefully before completing it. B. Complete the Form in ENGLISH in BLOCK LETTERS or typewritten or printed from a computer. IMPORTANT NOTES 15. Current Residence: Day 7. Gender: MaleFemale City/Town Country Date of Expiry DD-MM-YYYYDate of Issue DD-MM-YYYY Province/Oblast Country Postal Code Single Single Separated/Divorced Separated/Divorced 10. Permanent Address: Apartment/House # City/Town Page 3 of 15 - Annexure A for all earning/retired members in the household - Annexure B for all students in the household - Annexure C for annual household expenditure (excluding educational spending listed in Annexure B) - Annexures D, E, F, G and H for land, property and assets owned by any member of the household Please complete the following Annexures (as applicable) Physically Fit or Disabled Yes or No For completing the table, please use the following descriptions 19. Retired members:18. Non-earning members: SECTION B: Household Information (see definition of the household in the instructions) 16. Total number of members in the household (including the applicant) : Mother Father Self Single, Married, Divorced, Widowed or Deceased Earning, Retired, Unemployed, Student, or Dependent Economic StatusRelationship Age Marital Status Physical StatusName - Living with Household (select from) : - Physical Status (select from) : - Economic Status (select from) : - Marital Status (select from) : 17. Earning members: 20. Members attending School, College or University: 21. Members with disability: 22. Particulars of all members of your household included in Question # 16 above. Living with household Page 4 of 15 If yes, provide an explanation of how the household manages to meet this shortfall/difference. Please explain and provide reasons for significant projected changes Increase Decrease No Change Reference Income from Salary and Business ANNUAL HOUSEHOLD INCOME (HI) Annexure A Annexure A Annexure A Annexure B Income from Investments Other Income Financial Aid Received US DollarsCurrency: Amount SECTION C: Household Income and Expenditure NoYes24. Is the annual household expenditure greater than the annual household income: 25. Projected changes in your household income next year: 23. Annual Household Income and Expenditure NET DISPOSABLE INCOME (HI minus HE) ANNUAL HOUSEHOLD EXPENDITURE (HE) All Other Expenditure Annexure B Annexure C Education Expenditure Page 5 of 15 Annexure G Stocks, Securities and Bonds Motor Vehicles Cash and Bank Balances and Deposits Annexure H Amount Annexure F Others - please specify : SECTION D: Household Assets and Liabilities Reference Others - please specify : Land Annexure D Property Annexure E Others - please specify : 27. Loans taken by any member of the Household listed in Question # 22 above. Outstanding Balance (31 December 2025) Name of Lender Currency Principal Amount Annual Repayment Interest RatePurpose Livestock US Dollars26. Current Market Value of Assets Owned by the Household Currency: Page 6 of 15 30. Details of other organisations/institutions/individuals approached for financial assistance ( Banks, parent's/guardian's employer, development agencies, etc. - please provide evidence) Name of Organisation/Individual Name of Funding/Programme Applied For Currency Amount Applied For Amount Approved Amount Total Costs Paid byCurrencyDatesPurpose of VisitCity, Country VisitedName Yes No28. Have you or members of your household been overseas within the last three years: SECTION E: Additional Information 31. Enter here any additional explanation or information about special circumstances that you would liketo provide, relevant to this application, not covered in the sections above. Special circumstances may include, major medical care, natural disaster, death in the household, wedding, etc. Please provide documentary evidence supporting entered information, if applicable. 29. How many times did you go on a family vacation during the last three years: Page 7 of 15 32. Request for Financial Aid 33. Details of Guarantors who will provide Guarantee for Student Loan If yes, please provide the name(s): SECTION F: Expected Contribution for Educational Expenses for the Year 2026-27 5,000 3,000 Annual Tuition Annual Residence and Other Fees Total Costs (TC) US Dollars Passport #: Email Address: Occupation: Relationship Mobile/Contact #: Home Address: First Guarantor - must be a Parent/Guardian Second Guarantor Available and Potential Sources Total Costs 8,000 Parents'/Guardian's Contribution Contribution by other members of the household Household Assets Total Available Sources (TAS) Financial Aid Requested from UCA (TC minus TAS) Funding from other sources - refer to Question # 30 of Financial Aid Application Others - please specify Office Address: Have you provided guarantee to other UCA student(s): NoYes Yes No Name: Page 8 of 15 Date: Date:Signature of Parents/Guardian: Signature of Student: SECTION G: Undertaking 1. We understand that submitting a Financial Aid Application does not guarantee financial aid, nor does it absolve us of any financial responsibility towards the University of Central Asia's education costs. 2. UCA has our permission to verify information provided by obtaining documentation needed or through other sources. 3. We confirm our permission to allow UCA or any authorised personnel assigned by UCA to visit our land and property, place of living and place of business to examine and verify information. We also agree to provide additional information/documents as and when requested by UCA. 4. We certify that all the information and documents provided as part of Financial Aid Application are true, correct and complete. We understand that any misrepresentation, omission, failure to provide supporting documents, concealing information or providing incorrect information will result in denial of financial aid and may also result in strict disciplinary action, subject to UCA's policies and/or applicable country law. 5. We understand that UCA reserves the right to deny financial aid to anyone whom it considers not qualified, and to require withdrawal of any student at any time for any reason it considers sufficient, including academic standing, and personal conduct. 6. We agree to abide by the decision of the Financial Aid Committee. We also certify that we act voluntarily and we lay no claims against the University, UCA's governing body, University management and personnel. Page 9 of 15 Annexure A: Work Related Information for all Earning and Retired Members of the Household listed in Question # 22. Annual Income from Salary and Business should include Salary, Pension, Income from Business/Enterprise, Agricultural and Livestock Income, Social Benefits, etc. Annual Income from Investments should include Interest on Bank Deposits, Dividends, Rent Income, etc. Other Income should include any income not includedin the other two categories, maintenance paid by the custodial and non-custodial parent, remittances from abroad and financial assistance received from external sources (as applicable). Name Type of Work Type of Work (select from) : Employed, Self-Employed, Retired, Unemployed Annual Income from Investments Annual Income from Salary and Business Name, Address and Phone Number of Employer/Organization Currency: US Dollars How many persons does your household employ in your Business(es) and Enterprise(s) Other Income Page 10 of 15 Annexure B: Educational Spending for all Students in the Household listed in Question # 22. Provide details of all students in the household attending schools, colleges and universities including the applicant. Annual costs should include all expenses related to education including tuition, books and uniform, other charges, accommodation, transport and other relevant costs. Annual Financial Aid (if any) Source of Financial Aid (if any)Name Class/Level of Studies Annual Costs Currency: US Dollars Name of Academic Institution and City of Study Page 11 of 15 Annexure C: Annual Household Expenditure (excluding educational spending listed in Annexure B) Government Taxes and Social Security Contribution Food and Grocery Insurance (Health, Property and Vehicle) Transportation Vehicle Maintenance Donations/Charity Medical Expenses Dental Care Clothing Fitness and Personal Care Classification House Rent (if applicable) Amount Utilities: Electricity, Gas and Heating Utilities: Water, Garbage and Others Utilities: Telephone, Mobile, TV and Internet Dining-out and Entertainment Vacations Travel (overseas and within the country) Loan Repayment Salary paid to housekeeper, cleaner, cook, gardner, child care, driver, security, etc. Other Expenses - please specify Other Expenses - please specify Other Expenses - please specify How many persons does your household employ as housekeeper, cleaner, cook, gardner, child care, driver, security, etc. US DollarsCurrency: Page 12 of 15 Annexure D: Land owned by any member of the Household listed in Question # 22. Date of Purchase Location/AddressSize of Plot (m2) Currency: US Dollars Current Market ValueOriginal Cost Residential/ Commercial/ Agricultural City/Town, Country Current Market Value: Your best estimate of the price on which the land can be sold in the current market. Page 13 of 15 Annexure E: Property owned by any member of the Household listed in Question # 22. Date of Purchase Covered Area (m2) Location/Address City/Town, Country Residential/ Commercial/ Agricultural Original Cost Currency: US Dollars Current Market Value Current Market Value: Your best estimate of the price on which the land can be sold in the current market. Page 14 of 15 Annexure F: Motor Vehicles owned by any member of the Household listed in Question # 22. Annexure G: Livestock owned by any member of the Household listed in Question # 22. Annexure H: Cash and Bank Balances and Deposits of all members in the Household listed in Question # 22. Current, Saving or Term DepositAccount Type (select from) : Cash in Hand - Currency II Cash in Hand - Currency I Year of Purchase Year of Manufacture Original Purchase Price Current Market ValueMake and Model Current Market Value: Your best estimate of the price on which the car can be sold in the current market. Sheep Goats Others - please specify : Current Market ValueQuantity Cattle Type Horses AmountName of Account Holder Currency: US Dollars Currency: US Dollars Current Market Value: Your best estimate of the price on which livestock can be sold in the current market. CurrencyAccount TypeName of Bank Page 15 of 15