Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy . privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Clarity Clarity helps us to understand our users' behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch clarity ON OFF Privacy policy close Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Entry requirements Choosing your degree Entry requirements Applying on UCAS Applying on Common App Dates and deadlines Results and confirmation Next steps when you get an offer Study Research Explore Connect Home Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Entry requirements Undergraduate study Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Entry requirements Choosing your degree Entry requirements Applying on UCAS Applying on Common App Dates and deadlines Results and confirmation Next steps when you get an offer Entry requirements You can find the entry requirements for the programme you are applying to on each individual programme page. The Entry Requirement section of each undergraduate programme page states the grades required to be considered for an offer. You can also find the English language requirements for the programme there. Use the Degree programme A-Z to find the programme you want to apply to. Degree programme A-Z Admissions guidance International students International students can find specific entry criteria, including grade equivalencies, on our international student hub . Select your country from the drop down list to get information specific to your country. If your country is not listed or you have any additional questions please get in touch with us via our online enquiry form . Access Glasgow Pre-entry programmes and adjusted offers to support your application to Glasgow. Access Glasgow Access to Higher Education Access to Higher Education courses at the University of Glasgow provide a route into certain undergraduate degree programmes for those who don't meet the standard entry criteria. Access to Higher Education Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 Undergraduate study Contact us Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff