Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy . privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Clarity Clarity helps us to understand our users' behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch clarity ON OFF Privacy policy close Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Dates and deadlines Choosing your degree Entry requirements Applying on UCAS Applying on Common App Dates and deadlines Results and confirmation Next steps when you get an offer Study Research Explore Connect Home Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Dates and deadlines Undergraduate study Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Dates and deadlines Choosing your degree Entry requirements Applying on UCAS Applying on Common App Dates and deadlines Results and confirmation Next steps when you get an offer Dates and deadlines UCAS Application Deadlines 15 October: Deadline for applications to the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for most courses in medicine, dentistry, and veterinary medicine/science . 14 January: Equal consideration date for most undergraduate courses. This is the deadline to submit all other applications besides those that adhere to the earlier 15 October deadline. 6 May: Deadline to reply to your offer. If you submitted your application before the equal consideration deadline of 14 February you must select your firm and insurance choices by 6 May. 3 June: Deadline to reply to your offer. If you submitted your application after the equal consideration deadline of 14 February you must select your firm and insurance choices by 3 June. 30 June: Final day to submit a standard UCAS Application before Clearing begins. Common App Deadlines 31 May: If you submitted your application before 31 March you must accept or decline your offer by 31 May. 30 June: Deadline to submit your application through the Common Application. 31 July: If you submitted your application between 1 April and 30 June you must accept or decline your offer by 31 July. Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 Undergraduate study Contact us Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff