Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy . privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Clarity Clarity helps us to understand our users' behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch clarity ON OFF Privacy policy close Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Applying on UCAS Choosing your degree Entry requirements Applying on UCAS Applying on Common App Dates and deadlines Results and confirmation Next steps when you get an offer Study Research Explore Connect Home Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Applying on UCAS Undergraduate study Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Applying on UCAS Choosing your degree Entry requirements Applying on UCAS Applying on Common App Dates and deadlines Results and confirmation Next steps when you get an offer Applying on UCAS All students who plan to study full-time must apply through the Universities & Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS) . International students to Arts, Engineering, Law, Nursing, Science, and Social Sciences can also apply using The Common Application ; however, if applying to more than one UK university, we recommend using UCAS. Applications to Dentistry, Education, Medicine, and Veterinary Medicine must be made through UCAS. How do I apply? Your application must be submitted directly to UCAS. The UCAS website has more information about applying . UCAS applicants will receive an email with login details to our Applicant Self Service portal shortly after submitting their UCAS application. Our Applicant Self Service page has answers to common difficulties with using the portal. Note: Common App applicants will have access to a separate portal and will not have access to Applicant Self Service. Application Deadlines 15 October: if including Dentistry, Medicine, Veterinary Medicine or also applying to Oxford or Cambridge 14 January: all other UK applicants (unless otherwise stated on the UCAS website) 30 June: international students. We do not usually accept any applications after these deadlines. It's your responsibility to ensure the accuracy of your application before submission. Requests to correct application content, change degree programme or change college of entry, will not be accepted after these deadlines. This policy is in place to ensure fairness and consistency to all applicants, and no exceptions will be made. Tuition Fee Status Tuition fee status is determined by nationality and country of ordinary residence. If you are a UK citizen living outside the UK for over three years, it is likely that you will have to pay the international fee. If you are unsure of your fee status, it is strongly advised that you apply by the January deadline. For information about your fee status, please see our . When will I receive a decision? We will usually respond before the end of March, but a decision may arrive up to early May. Specific detail on when to expect our decision will be advised in our first email to you - our Acknowledgement email. If your qualifications meet our requirements and we believe you could benefit from study at Glasgow, you will receive an unconditional offer. If you haven't yet gained the necessary passes for entry to your chosen subject(s), we may look at the qualifications you are taking when you apply and make you a conditional offer. Will I be interviewed? An interview will be part of the selection process for: Community Development Dentistry Medicine Nursing Teaching Veterinary Medicine & Surgery. You may also be interviewed if you're applying for entry into Year 2 in any subject. Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 Undergraduate study Contact us Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff