Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy . privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Clarity Clarity helps us to understand our users' behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch clarity ON OFF Privacy policy close Undergraduate study Tuition fees and funding International students Study Research Explore Connect Home Undergraduate study Tuition fees and funding International students Undergraduate study Undergraduate study Tuition fees and funding International students Tuition fees: International students The tuition fee you pay will vary depending on your fee status and your programme. For many applicants, your fee status is the same as your current country of residence. However, not all cases are this straightforward. We use the information you provide on your application to determine your fee status, and will confirm this with you after you submit your application. Applicants will be classed as EU fee status if: EU national or non-EU national with settled status in the EU, and Ordinary residence in the EEA at the point of application, and Three years residency in the EEA, unless residency outside of the EEA has been of a temporary nature only and of a period less than six years Applicants will be classed as International fee status if: Non-EU national or UK national, and Ordinary residence in a non-EEA country at the point of application Three years residency in a non-EEA country, unless residency outside of the EEA has been of a temporary nature only and of a period less than six years migration requirements will be advised in your offer letter. Republic of Ireland If you are a student from Republic of Ireland then please see: Information for Republic of Ireland students Tuition fees 2027/28 The below table outlines expected tuition fee rates for 2027/28 for EU and international students. Tuition fees for EU and international students Cost per year Incoming Study Abroad (all programmes): full year £24,720 Incoming Study Abroad (all programmes): semester £12,360 Arts and Social Sciences programmes £28,275 Science, Engineering, Nursing and College of Medical, Veterinary and Life Sciences programmes £33,708 Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) TBC MBChB and College of Medical, Veterinary and Life Sciences clinical programmes TBC Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine and Surgery (BVMS) £38,670 Law - Graduate entry accelerated (M115) (LLB) £28,275 Additional fees, exceptions and notes The following additional fees are applicable: The exceptions to standard fees listed are correct at the time of going to press. However, you should check the fee level applicable to your course of study at the time of your admission. Fees quoted are for new entrants. Different fees may apply to some continuing students. International students may, in certain limited circumstances, be admitted to part-time study paying an appropriate percentage of the relevant full-time international fee. Special fees apply to members of staff undertaking part-time study. Details may be obtained from: Tuition fees for members of staff Students who are eligible by virtue of previous attendances to sit degree examinations must enter for the examinations at the normal registration period at the beginning of the session and pay a registration fee of £170. Late fees are charged at 3% with a minimum charge of £5. Late fees will not be charged to sponsors. From 2016/17 all international students at Scottish Medical Schools must make a contribution to the teaching costs of the NHS (the ACT levy). The University of Glasgow is subsidising this charge for students, and the fee rate provided includes the portion being paid through student fees. No additional payment for the NHS ACT levy above the fee rate will be required from students. Tuition fees for clinical programmes, including MBChB and BDS, may change on the rare occasion when the government decides to increase the levy. Tuition fees 2026/27 The below table outlines expected tuition fee rates for 2026/27 for EU and international students. Tuition fees for EU and international students Cost per year Incoming Study Abroad (all programmes): full year £24,000 Incoming Study Abroad (all programmes): semester £12,000 Arts and Social Sciences programmes £27,720 Science, Engineering, Nursing and College of Medical, Veterinary and Life Sciences programmes £33,210 Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) £58,500 MBChB and College of Medical, Veterinary and Life Sciences clinical programmes £62,730 Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine and Surgery (BVMS) £37,350 Law - Graduate entry accelerated (M115) (LLB) £27,720 Additional fees, exceptions and notes The following additional fees are applicable: The exceptions to standard fees listed are correct at the time of going to press. However, you should check the fee level applicable to your course of study at the time of your admission. Fees quoted are for new entrants. Different fees may apply to some continuing students. International students may, in certain limited circumstances, be admitted to part-time study paying an appropriate percentage of the relevant full-time international fee. Special fees apply to members of staff undertaking part-time study. Details may be obtained from: Tuition fees for members of staff Students who are eligible by virtue of previous attendances to sit degree examinations must enter for the examinations at the normal registration period at the beginning of the session and pay a registration fee of £170. Late fees are charged at 3% with a minimum charge of £5. Late fees will not be charged to sponsors. From 2016/17 all international students at Scottish Medical Schools must make a contribution to the teaching costs of the NHS (the ACT levy). The University of Glasgow is subsidising this charge for students, and the fee rate provided includes the portion being paid through student fees. No additional payment for the NHS ACT levy above the fee rate will be required from students. The University reserves the right to increase the tuition fees to accommodate an increase in the NHS ACT Levy for clinical degrees. Establishing relevant connection with the UK EU students that meet our criteria for EU Fee Status will have an International tuition fee applied and may require to obtain a student visa to study in the UK. Fee Status, tuition fees and immigration requirements will be advised in your offer letter. Irish nationals who are living in the Common Travel Area of the UK, EU nationals with settled or pre-settled status, and Internationals with Indefinite Leave to remain status can also qualify for home fee status. Please refer to Fee Status Policy. Fee status policy Paying tuition fees It is important that you take the necessary action so that you will be able to register as a student at the University and quickly gain access to its facilities. Find out how to pay your tuition fees: Sponsored students Self-funded students Scholarships and Bursaries We offer a range of bursaries and scholarships to students from England, Wales and Northern Ireland, undertaking their first undergraduate degree. World Changers Global Excellence Scholarship The University of Glasgow has a number of World Changers Global Excellence Scholarships available to new International and EU students. The scholarship is awarded as a tuition fee discount of £7,000 per year of study for students attending the College of Arts and Humanities and the College of Social Sciences. Students attending the College of Science and Engineering and the College of Medical, Veterinary and Life Sciences can be awarded a £10,000 tuition fee discount. This award is subject to satisfactory progress for consecutive years of study. World Changers Global Excellence Scholarship: find out more World Changers Glasgow Scholarship UG (EU) Our World Changers Glasgow Scholarship UG (EU) is a £5,000 tuition fee discount per year of study to new, incoming EU students to the University of Glasgow. World Changers Glasgow Scholarship UG (EU): find out more Scholarship Database Search our database for more scholarships and bursaries. I am... a future student a current student country/region... UK - England UK - Northern Ireland UK - Scotland UK - Wales Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo Democratic Republic of Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea North Korea South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St Kitts and Nevis St Lucia St Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe level... Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research select a level Ella's monthly living costs in Glasgow Ella's monthly living costs in Glasgow Psychology student Ella provides a rough breakdown of her monthly living costs, along with top tips on student discounts. Pascaline's monthly living costs in Glasgow Pascaline's monthly living costs in Glasgow Pascaline shares her experience of what it roughly costs each month for her to live in Glasgow, from rent to utilities to transport to food. How to find a part-time job in Glasgow How to find a part-time job in Glasgow Fourth year student Ella talks you through how to find a job as a UofG student living in Glasgow. Find out more: Information and guidance on student finance Cost of living guidance Fee status Refund policy Student debt policy Clearing vacancies Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 Undergraduate study Contact us Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff