Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy . privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Clarity Clarity helps us to understand our users' behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch clarity ON OFF Privacy policy close Undergraduate study Tuition fees and funding Policies Fee status Refund policy Student debt policy Fee status Study Research Explore Connect Home Undergraduate study Tuition fees and funding Policies Fee status Undergraduate study Undergraduate study Tuition fees and funding Policies Fee status Refund policy Student debt policy Fee status Fee Status guidance What does Fee Status mean? We apply one of four Fee Statuses to each application that we assess. Your fee status governs the level of tuition fee that you will pay, in all years of your degree, if you accept our offer and enrol. How do we make Fee Status assessments? Your fee status is individually reviewed before a decision is applied to your application. We consider the information that you have provided in specific fields in your application, such as: Domicile or Area of Permanent Residence School or recent Educational Establishments Nationality or Dual Nationality Residential Category and information relating to your settled, pre-settled or discretionary leave status in the UK Can I request my Fee Status before I apply? Unfortunately, not. We need to assess your full application before we can decide on your fee status. If your application is successful, we will advise you of your fee status and the fees that you will be liable for in your Offer Letter. How do you define a Fee Status? Although all Scottish universities are governed by the same Scottish Government guidance, each university interprets this in their own way. This means that we do not take other institutions assessments into account including any decisions made by SAAS. For example, you may be assessed as eligible for Home by SAAS but not by UofG. The Scottish Government's " Education (Fees) (Scotland) Regulations 2022 (No 156) " can be complex but the UK Council for International Student Affairs provide free user-friendly Scotland: Fee Status guidance. The criteria of each of our four Fee Statuses are outlined below: Home Applicants must have either (a) and (c) OR (b) and (c) to be considered for Home status: (a) You are a "British Citizen" or "Irish" national (b) You have a 'leave to enter' or 'leave to remain' UK visa (except any UK study or visitor visa) whose leave commenced no later than 1 August 2023 and has not expired OR you have a claim for asylum (c) You have been ordinarily resident in Scotland since at least 1 August 2023 (unless you have a claim for asylum in the UK OR can evidence your residency outside of Scotland has been of a temporary nature only AND of a period less than six years) AND you will continue to be ordinarily resident until 1 August 2026. Homes for Ukraine scheme: Please provide a valid share code confirming you are part of the scheme and Home fee status can be approved. Rest of the UK Applicants must have either (d) and (f) and (g) OR (e) and (f) and (g) to be considered for Rest of UK status: (d) You are a "British Citizen" or "Irish" national (e) You have a 'leave to enter' or 'leave to remain' UK visa (except any UK study or visitor visa) whose leave commenced no later than 1 August 2023 (f) You are ordinarily resident in a British Overseas Territory, Channel Islands, EEA, England, Isle of Man, Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland, Switzerland or Wales at the Point of Application (g) You have three consecutive years ordinary residency in the UK or a British Overseas Territories immediately before 1 August 2026 (unless you can evidence your residency outside of the UK has been of a temporary nature only AND of a period less than six years) OR you have been ordinarily resident within the EEA or Switzerland since at least 31 December 2020. EU Applicants must have either (h) and (j) OR (i) and (j) and to be considered for EU status: (h) You are a EEA national (i) You are a non-EEA national with settled status in the EEA or Switzerland (j) You have been ordinarily resident in the EEA or Switzerland since at least 1 August 2023 (unless you can evidence your residency outside of the EEA or Switzerland has been of a temporary nature only and of a period less than six years) AND will continue to be ordinarily resident until 1 August 2026. International Applicants who either do not meet ALL necessary criteria for Home or Rest of UK or EU OR who meet (k) OR (l) will be assessed as International: (k) You have been ordinarily resident in a non-EEA country or Switzerland since at least 1 August 2023 (l) You require a UK study visa OR have been on a UK study visa within the three consecutive years immediately before 1 August 2026. What do we mean by 'A Claim for Asylum'? We consider the following types of visas as having a claim for asylum: Application registration card (ARC) - Claimed ID Asylum Recognised Refugee, Humanitarian Protection or Discretionary Leave in the UK Ukrainian Scheme Visa (Ukraine Family Scheme, Ukraine Sponsorship Scheme, and Ukraine Extension Scheme). What do we mean by 'Leave to Enter' or 'Leave to Remain'? We define 'leave to enter' or 'leave to remain' as applying to both: non-UK nationals who have permission to stay in the UK for a specific period of time and whose visa has not expired. This does not include those on a UK study visa as your residence in the UK is mainly for the purposes of education OR any kind of visitor visa. Examples of 'leave to enter' or 'leave to remain' visas include, but are not limited to: BNOs Dependent visas Working visas. What do we mean by 'Point of Application'? We define Point of Application as the date on which you submit your application to the University of Glasgow via UCAS, Common App or through our direct application portal. What do we mean by 'Ordinarily Resident'? We define Ordinarily Resident as where you habitually, normally and lawfully reside from choice; however, if the main purpose for your residence in a relevant location was to receive full-time education, then we would not assess you as being ordinarily resident in that location. What happens if you disagree with the Fee Status on your Offer Letter? Our assessments are made based on the information that you provided at the Point of Application; however, if you disagree with our assessment, you have 30 days from the date of your first and original Offer Letter to request a reassessment. Reassessment requests received after this may not be considered and we may ask that you reapply for a future intake with complete information regarding your nationality, ordinary residence and immigration status. Please submit your reassessment request via the Admissions Enquiry form selecting Fees in Category and Fee Status in Sub-Category. We will ask you to complete our Questionnaire and to upload evidence to support your reassessment request. Your request will be reviewed by our Fee Status Panel and a decision will be communicated to you within 28 days of receiving your completed Questionnaire. You should not have completed Academic Registration or Financial Registration prior to receiving your Fee Status Questionnaire outcome, otherwise we may not be able to consider your request. What happens if you disagree with our Fee Status Questionnaire outcome? You can appeal our Fee Status Questionnaire outcome within 30 days of our original Questionnaire outcome email. Appeals after this point cannot be considered and we will ask that you reapply for a future intake with complete information regarding your nationality/citizenship, ordinary residence and immigration status. Please appeal via the Admissions Enquiry form selecting Fees in Category and Fee Status in Sub-Category. Appeals will be reviewed based on new evidence only and will be completed by the Fee Status Management Panel. This decision will be final and form the basis of your offer and any subsequent place that you choose to take up by acceptance of that offer. What happens if I defer my offer? If your request for a deferral to a future intake is accepted, then you cannot subsequently request a Fee Status reassessment. If your immigration status changes before your deferral commences, we will ask that you decline your current offer and reapply again with complete information regarding your nationality, ordinary residence and immigration status; however, we cannot guarantee that your new application will be successful in securing another offer. What happens if my immigration status changes after I receive my offer but before I start my programme? If we assess that a change in Fee Status can be applied, and if a vacancy exists under the new Fee Status, we will issue a revised offer. If no vacancy is available under the new Fee Status, we cannot guarantee that a revised offer can be issued, but will aim to accommodate a deferred offer for the next available intake where possible. If your current 'leave to enter' or 'leave to remain' visa expires before your programme starts and/or you request a Confirmation of Acceptance of Studies (CAS) to apply for a study visa, we will review your fee status to determine if your fee status should change. This means we reserve the right to change your fee status from Home or Rest of UK to EU or International. What happens if my immigration status changes after I start my programme? If you have been granted an Asylum or Refugee visa, we will review your fee status to determine if your fee status should change. This means we may consider a change in your fee status from International to Home. If your 'leave to enter' or 'leave to remain' visa expires and/or you request a Confirmation of Acceptance of Studies (CAS) to apply for a UK study visa, we will review your fee status to determine if your fee status should change. This means we reserve the right to change your fee status from Home or Rest of UK to EU or International. If you change from a UK study visa to a 'leave to enter' or 'leave to remain' visa, please be aware that your fee status will not change, and you will remain International for the remaining duration of your studies at University of Glasgow. This is because your initial residence in the UK was mainly for the purposes of education. What happens if my offer was received through a Clearing application? No change to fee status will be possible prior to commencement of studies or once you have started your studies, for the complete duration of your course. What happens if I can't pay my tuition fees? If you commence your programme and discover that you cannot pay your tuition fee rate, you may need to apply for a leave of absence while you secure the funds needed. This means that you take some time out of your programme and your place on the course is held open for you to return to. If you would like to request a leave of absence after commencing your programme, please contact your Adviser of Studies for further guidance. You cannot take a leave of absence from your programme and then request to have your Fee Status reassessed. This is because you're considered a 'continuing student' and your Fee Status will remain as assessed when you originally started your programme. I'm a Glasgow International College (GIC) applicant/student, can I request a fee status reassessment? As a continuing student, you cannot change you tuition fee status unless under certain criteria (for example, you have just been granted an Asylum or Refugee visa). This means you will remain International for the remaining duration of your studies at University of Glasgow. Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 Undergraduate study Contact us Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff