Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy . privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Clarity Clarity helps us to understand our users' behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch clarity ON OFF Privacy policy close International students English language requirements and courses English language requirements Study Research Explore Connect Home International students English language requirements and courses English language requirements International students International students English language requirements and courses English language requirements English language requirements For applicants whose first language is not English, the University sets a minimum English language proficiency level: this can be found in the Entry requirements of each of the programmes listed: Undergraduate study Postgraduate taught degree programmes A-Z Postgraduate research opportunities What if my language qualifications are below the requirements? The University's English for Academic Study Unit offers a range of pre-sessional courses to bring you up to entry level. The course is accredited by BALEAP, the UK professional association for academic English teaching. English for Academic Study Unit: pre-sessional courses BALEAP guide to accredited courses What language level do I need for my visa? If you are an international student who needs a student visa to study in the UK then UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) will require assessment of your English language proficiency. For undergraduate or postgraduate degree programmes, the University can make its own assessment of English language ability and therefore all the English language tests listed in the English language entry requirements are suitable to meet this requirement. For pre-sessional courses that are below degree level, you will be required to take a UKVI approved Secure English Language Test (SELT). This can either be IELTS (Academic) for UKVI or Trinity College London ISE for UKVI. Please note that you are exempt from the visa English language requirement if you are a national of a 'majority English-speaking' country as defined by the UKVI or hold a degree from a UKVI approved 'majority English-speaking' country. For further information, see: UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI): visa English language requirements Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 International students Contact us Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff