Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy . privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Clarity Clarity helps us to understand our users' behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch clarity ON OFF Privacy policy close Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Entry requirements 2026 Admissions guidance Study Research Explore Connect Home Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Entry requirements 2026 Admissions guidance Undergraduate study Undergraduate study How to apply for an undergraduate degree Entry requirements 2026 Admissions guidance 2027 Admissions guidance The following provides detailed information on the University's undergraduate admissions guidance for the 2026/27 application cycle commencing in October 2026. The University is committed to a fair and transparent admissions process that provides equal opportunity for all individuals. Through the publication of this guidance we aim to provide greater understanding for our applicants of the approach we take to considering their applications. This guidance applies to all applications to commence undergraduate study in September 2027, or if deferred, September 2028. +++ General principles Entry Requirements for each degree programme can be found on the relevant programme page within the Degree Programme A-Z . For many of our programmes, applicants can select their country/region to view the qualifications most studied in that location. For applicants studying qualifications outside of their national curriculum, A-Level and International Baccalaureate requirements will also be displayed for all EU and International regions. The published entry requirements indicate the cumulative / final grades (and subjects if mandatory) required to be considered for an offer. Any Additional Requirements (interviews, auditions, tests, pre-entry programmes) are also stated. These will be confirmed in any Conditional offer we make. Offers will only be made to applicants if they can meet all the necessary entrance requirements before enrolment. If there is more than one possible degree type outcome for that subject, e.g, MA, MA (SocSci), BSc, the Entry Requirements for each type will be stated. The Entry Requirement information on the subject pages, together with any below detail relevant to you, your application, qualifications, and circumstances, will determine how we will consider your application. There are two types of offer we can make: Unconditional, meaning you already meet / exceed our published requirements, and you have a place of study if you choose to accept it Conditional, meaning we still need you to meet specified conditions to be eligible for the offer of a place of study. We will review all aspects of your application and apply flexibility when circumstances allow, however it will be unsuccessful if we are unable to make you an offer. Applicants are responsible for submitting a complete and accurate application. All qualifications undertaken, whether achieved, pending, failed, withdrawn from, or awaiting results, must be declared within the UCAS application. This includes qualifications completed at school, college, university or through other recognised awarding bodies. Applicants are also responsible for ensuring that any predicted grades, pending qualifications and examination entries are accurately recorded at the point of application. The University reserves the right to request original academic documentation and to undertake qualification verification checks where appropriate. --- +++ Timing The deadline for submitting your application is stated in the How to apply section of the relevant subject page. The UCAS deadline is 13 January 2027 18:00 (UK time). We will acknowledge your application upon receipt. This will also indicate the timing in which we will review your application to assess your eligibility for an offer. It is your responsibility to submit a complete and accurate application on time. We do not consider late applications received after the deadline relevant to you and your degree programme choice. In many cases, we will wait until we have reviewed all applications received by the 13 January 2027, 18:00 (UK time) deadline. If this applies to you, we will advise you of our decision timing in your application acknowledgement. There are exceptions to this 'no immediate offer' approach: Priority 1 and Priority 2 Widening Participation applicants are guaranteed an offer, based on achieving our Adjusted Entry Requirements. Where we can, we will issue these prior to the 13 January application deadline, but they may be after this date for some degree programmes. For more information, see the Widening Participation detail below. Highly qualified applicants who apply for specific degree programmes and are either predicted, or already meet / exceed our entry requirements, may be considered for an offer prior to the 13 January application deadline. --- Scottish Highers The SQA Higher Entry Requirements & Adjusted Entry Requirements for each subject can be found on that subject page in the degree programme A-Z . S5 and S6 Highers Entry Requirements Where stated, the S5 Entry Requirements are a guide to the minimum grades required by the end of S5 to be considered for an offer. The S6 Entry Requirements represent the cumulative / final grades required by the end of S6 to be considered for an offer. Applicants must also meet any Additional Requirements listed (subject requirements / admissions tests / work experience / interviews / pre-entry programme) in order to be considered. All students must have obtained at least four different Highers. Advanced Highers Most subjects do not require Advanced Highers but check the Entry Requirements for the subject(s) you are interested in. Where a degree programme requires Advanced Higher(s), these must be met as specified. For programmes where Advanced Higher(s) are not required in the stated Entry Requirements, we allow 'double counting' of Highers and Advanced Highers in the same subject when calculating cumulative grades. Grades 'A' and 'B' at Advanced Higher level will count as a grade 'A' at Higher level Grade 'C' at Advanced Higher level will count as a grade 'B' at Higher level Conditions included in any Conditional offer will have already made this grade adjustment so offer requirements must be met as stated. Additional Requirements Additional Requirements are stated for each subject and degree type and will be confirmed in your offer. The lists below show all the Higher and Advanced Higher qualifications currently offered by the SQA and indicates the University of Glasgow subject classification for each subject: Arts, Humanity or Modern Language (all considered Humanities subjects) Accounting: Higher / Advanced Higher Art & Design: Higher Business Management: Higher / Advanced Higher Cantonese: Higher / Advanced Higher Classical Studies: Higher / Advanced Higher Drama: Higher / Advanced Higher Economics: Higher / Advanced Higher English: Higher / Advanced Higher ESOL: Higher French: Higher / Advanced Higher Gaelic: Higher / Advanced Higher Geography: Higher / Advanced Higher German: Higher / Advanced Higher History: Higher / Advanced Higher Italian: Higher / Advanced Higher Latin: Higher / Advanced Higher Mandarin: Higher / Advanced Higher Media: Higher Modern Studies: Higher / Advanced Higher Music: Higher / Advanced Higher Philosophy: Higher Politics: Higher Psychology: Higher Religious, Moral & Philosophical Studies: Higher / Advanced Higher Sociology: Higher Spanish: Higher / Advanced Higher Urdu: Higher / Advanced Higher Science Applications of Mathematics: Higher Biology: Higher / Advanced Higher Chemistry: Higher / Advanced Higher Computing Science: Higher / Advanced Higher Engineering Science: Higher / Advanced Higher Environmental Science: Higher Geography: Higher / Advanced Higher Human Biology: Higher Mathematics: Higher / Advanced Higher Mathematics of Mechanics: Advanced Higher Physics: Higher / Advanced Higher Psychology: Higher Statistics: Advanced Higher General Administration & IT: Higher Art & Design (Design): Advanced Higher Art & Design (Expressive): Advanced Higher Care: Higher Childcare & Development: Higher Dance: Higher Design & Manufacturing: Higher / Advanced Higher Fashion & Textile Technology: Higher Graphic Communications: Higher / Advanced Higher Health & Food Technology: Higher / Advanced Higher Music Technology: Higher Photography: Higher Physical Education: Higher / Advanced Higher Scottish Highers: Adjusted (Widening Participation) We want to help talented applicants from all backgrounds to study at Glasgow and we adjust our Highers requirements for Widening Participation applicants, as detailed on each undergraduate subject page. These Adjusted Entry Requirements represent the cumulative / final grades plus any Additional Requirements necessary by the end of S5 or S6 to be guaranteed an offer. In some cases, degree programme entry requirements include an S5 minimum grade attainment. Our offers require the completion of one or more widening access pre-entry programmes, such as Top-Up, Reach and a range of Summer Schools. There are two categories of WP applicant: Priority 1 and Priority 2. Priority 1 will be eligible for an offer at the minimum level of the Adjusted Entry Requirement range: Reside in MD20 (SIMD deciles 1 & 2 postcodes) Check yours with our postcode checker Care experienced Carer Estranged (living without family support) Asylum seeker Refugee Priority 2 will be eligible for an offer at the maximum level of the Adjusted Entry Requirement range, plus in some cases, attainment of S5 minimum grades: Reside in MD40 (SIMD deciles 3 & 4 postcodes) Check yours with our postcode checker We will ask you for further information to confirm your eligibility, which you can upload via our Applicant Self-Service portal. All details will be included in your offer. For further information and to find out more about our range of widening access pre-entry programmes, visit: Widening Participation Scottish Highers: English and Mathematics equivalences Accepted alternative qualifications in English and Mathematics English Accepted alternative qualifications in English where Higher English is a mandatory academic requirement Advanced Higher English at Grade B A Level English at Grade B Higher ESOL at Grade A GCSE/IGCSE English Language AND English Literature at Grade 8/9 (A/B) (both qualifications must be achieved) International Baccalaureate English at HL 5/6 / SL 7 Irish Leaving Certificate Higher English at Grade A / H6 SQA National Units at Higher Level in both Communication (NC) and Literature 1 for applications to teacher training programmes and in some other limited cases SCQF Level 6 Online English Access Course offered by the University of Aberdeen at Grade A University level modules (SCQF level 7 or above) that cover sufficient English Literature content English of an equivalent academic standard from outside the UK - Study must have an English Literature element. We use UK NARIC (National Recognition Information Centre) to assess the equivalency of overseas qualifications. Mathematics Accepted alternative qualifications in Mathematics where Higher Mathematics is a mandatory academic requirement Advanced Higher Maths at Grade B A Level Maths at Grade B International Baccalaureate Maths Analysis and Approaches at HL 5/6 / SL 7 Irish Leaving Certificate Higher Maths at Grade A / H6 SCQF Level 6 Online Maths Access Course offered by the University of Aberdeen at Grade A University level modules (SCQF level 7 or above) that cover sufficient Maths content Maths of an equivalent academic standard from outside the UK - Study must have Maths English Literature element. We use UK NARIC (National Recognition Information Centre) to assess the equivalency of overseas qualifications. Higher Application of Maths is not considered an alternative qualification for BSc where Higher Maths is a mandatory Higher Mathematics and Higher Application of Maths will be counted as two separate Highers in the range of S5 Accepted alternative qualifications in Mathematics where National 5 Mathematics is a mandatory academic requirement Intermediate Level 2 Mathematics at Grade B Standard Grade Credit Mathematics at Grade 2 O Grade Mathematics at Grade A National 5 Application of Maths at Grade A/B: formerly Lifeskills Mathematics which is also accepted at Grade A/B Scottish Higher or Advanced Higher Mathematics at Grade C A Level Mathematics at Grade C GCSE/IGCSE Mathematics at Grade B / 5 International Baccalaureate Maths Analysis and Approaches at HL 3 / SL 4 or Maths Applications and Interpretation HL 3 / SL 4 Irish Leaving Certificate Higher Mathematics at Grade C3 / H5 Irish Leaving Certificate Ordinary Mathematics at Grade B3 / O3 SCQF Level 5 or 6 Online Mathematics Access Course offered by the University of Aberdeen at Grade C Open University MU123 Discovering Mathematics - credits 30 SQA National Units in BOTH Core Mathematics 4 (D11V) and Mathematics: Analysis/Algebra 1 (D11W) University level modules (SCQF level 7 or above) that cover sufficient Maths content Maths of an equivalent academic standard from outside the UK - We will always use UK NARIC (National Recognition Information Centre) to assess the equivalency of overseas qualifications. A-Levels The A-Level Entry Requirements for each subject can be found on the relevant subject page in the degree programme A-Z . Standard Entry Requirements The Standard Entry Requirements represent the grades required to be considered for an offer. If you have predicted grades below our standard range, we may still consider you for an offer. If this applies to you, we will advise you of our decision timing in your application acknowledgement. Applicants must also meet any Additional Requirements listed (subject requirements / admissions tests / work experience / interviews / pre-entry programme) in order to be considered Additional Requirements Additional Requirements are stated for each subject and degree type and will be confirmed in your offer. Some of our degree programmes require specific subjects for entry whilst others will state that subjects must be from a specific field of study, such as a Science or Humanity subject. The list below indicates the University of Glasgow subject classification for each subject. Please note, General Studies is not accepted for admission. Where more than one subject is listed in a single bullet point, only one to be accepted where applicant is undertaking standard three A-Levels. Accepted fields of study and subjects Arts, Humanity or Modern Language (All considered Humanities subjects) Accounting / Management Accounting / Principles of Accounts Afrikaans Ancient History / Ancient History and Literature Anthropology Arabic Art & Design: Only one Art & Design subject accepted (not multiple categories as individual A-Levels) Bengali / Bengali (Reading, Listening, Writing) Biblical Hebrew Business / Applied Business / Business Studies Chinese / Chinese Mandarin Citizenship Studies: can only have one of Citizenship Studies or Government and Politics Classical Civilisation / Classical History and Civilisation Classical Studies / Classics Constitutional Law: can only have one of Law or Constitutional Law Dutch Economics / Economics and Business Economic and Political Studies / Economic and Public Affairs / Economic Change and Society / Economic Geography / Economic History / Economic and Social History English Language and Literature / Language and Literature in English / English (and Communication) / English Language / English Literature / Literature in English European History French Geography / Human Geography / Physical Geography German Global Perspectives and Research Government and Politics: can only have one of Citizenship Studies or Government and Politics Greek (Ancient or Modern) / Classical Greek / Greek Language / Literature with Greek History Gujarati Hebrew (Modern)/Modern Hebrew (Reading, Listening, Writing) Hindi History of Art / History and Appreciation of Art / Art with Art History History Irish Italian Japanese Latin / Latin (Language with Roman History) / Latin (Literature) and Classical Civilisation Law: can only have one of Law or Constitutional Law Music / Music (Theoretical) Norwegian Persian Philosophy Polish Politics Portuguese Psychology Punjabi Religious Studies Russian Social and Environmental Biology Sociology Spanish Tamil Theatre Studies Turkish Urdu US History to / since 1877 Welsh (First Language) / Welsh (Second Language) Science Archaeology Biology / Human Biology Botany Chemistry Computer Science / Computing Electronics / Electronic Systems Engineering / Engineering Science: Not accepted in place of Maths or Physics where these are Required Subjects Environmental Science Further Mathematics: Where Mathematics and Further Mathematics are both taken these will be accepted as two A-level grades. Where Mathematics is required as a specific subject requirement, Further Mathematics will not be accepted in place of this Geography / Physical Geography Geology Information Technology Marine Science Mathematics: Where Mathematics and Further Mathematics are both taken these will be accepted as two A-level grades. Where Mathematics is required as a specific subject requirement, Further Mathematics will not be accepted in place of this Physical Science Physics Physics and Mathematics: Not accepted where Physics or Mathematics is a Required Subject and cannot be counted as an additional subject with Physics or Mathematics Physics B: Advancing Physics / Physics B: Physics in Context: Not accepted where Physics is a Required Subject and cannot be counted as an additional subject with Physics Psychology Social and Environmental Biology: not accepted where Biology is a required subject Software Systems and Development Statistics / Applied Statistics Zoology General and Vocational (only one to be accepted where applicant is undertaking standard three A-Levels) Biblical Studies Communication Studies Criminology Critical Thinking Dance Design and Technology: Cannot be combined with Design & Textiles Design and Textiles: Cannot be combined with Design & Technology Digital Media and Design Digital Technology Divinity Drama and Theatre Studies Elements of Engineering Design Engineering Drawing (and Design) / Technical Drawing Engineering Graphics Environmental Technology / Environmental Studies Film Studies Food Studies Geometrical and Building (Mechanical) Drawing Graphic Communication Health and Social Care / Applied Health and Social Care Hinduism Home Economics Horticultural Science Industrial Studies Information and Communications Technology (ICT) / Digital Technology Islamic Studies Leisure Studies Life and Health Sciences Media Communication and Production Media Studies / Media Moving Image Arts Music Technology Nutrition and Food Science Performance Studies Performing Arts Physical Education: Cannot be combined with Sport & Physical Education Professional Business Services Public Affairs Science (Double) / Science Studies / Science in Society / Science, Technology and Society Sport & Physical Education: Cannot be combined with Physical Education Sports Science and the Active Leisure Industry Technical Drawing / Graphics Technical Design and Graphic Communication Technological Studies / Technology Theology (Christian) Thinking Skills Travel and Tourism (Double or Single Award) Use of Mathematics: not accepted in combination with other Mathematics World Development International Baccalaureate The IB Requirements for each subject can be found on that subject page in the degree programme A-Z. Standard Entry Requirements The Entry Requirements represent the IB points normally needed to be considered for an offer (subject to success in any interview and/or other admissions test that is required for that subject). If you are predicted points below our Entry Requirements, we may still consider you for an offer. If this applies to you, we will advise you of our decision timing in your application acknowledgement. Applicants must also meet any Additional Requirements listed (subject requirements / admissions tests / work experience / interviews / pre-entry programme) in order to be considered. Additional Requirements Additional Requirements are stated for each subject and degree type and will be confirmed in your offer. BTEC The University welcomes applications from candidates who have sat BTEC National Diploma (Level 3) Qualifications. The University recognises that an increasing number of schools/colleges are offering a combination of BTEC qualifications together with A-Levels. Depending on the type of BTEC qualification they may be used: For direct access to 1st year OR For direct access to 1st year of some degree programmes provided applicant also has specific A-Level or GCSE subjects OR For admission to some degree programmes as a substitute for 1 A-Level subject (i.e. applicant requires BTEC qualification plus 2 A-Levels) OR For admission to some degree programmes as a substitute for 2 A-Level subjects (i.e. applicant requires BTEC qualification plus 1 A-Level). The table below details: The BTEC subjects which are accepted by the University The various qualification levels for that subject currently offered by BTEC The grades required for each qualification level to be accepted for direct access to the University (1st year), or as a substitute for 1 or 2 A-Levels. Where access to the University is accepted with only BTEC qualifications, the table also indicates the degree programmes accepting these qualifications. Due to the number of BTEC qualifications, combinations of BTEC and A-Levels, requirements for specific subjects at A-Level or GCSE, and range of degree programmes offered by the University (some of which have very specific requirements), applicants are strongly advised to use the following table for guidance only and seek further clarification from the University Admissions department prior to submitting their application if eligibility criteria is not clear. BTEC SUBJECTS ACCEPTED FOR ADMISSION BTEC QUALIFICATION LEVELS AND GRADE REQUIREMENTS FOR DIRECT ADMISSION (WITHOUT ADDITIONAL A-LEVELS) OR AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR 1 OR 2 A-LEVELS Accounting BTEC HND pass will grant access to all Accountancy & Finance Degrees (BAcc/BFin) and B.Sc degrees in Accounting & Mathematics or Accounting with Statistics. Applicants must also have A-Level Maths at grade B or above. Applied Law Subsidiary Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate subject at Grade D may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Applied Science L3 Extended Diploma at Grades DDD will give access to Year 1 of most Life Sciences and Science Degrees (applicants to Psychology will require GCSE Maths at Grade B or above). BTEC HNC/HND with a Merit Pass overall AND a Merit Pass in majority of subjects will give access to Year 1 of most Life Science and Sciences Degrees (applicants to Psychology will also require GCSE Maths at Grade B or above). Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma at Grades MM OR Extended Diploma at Grades MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades DD or DMM may be accepted in place of 2 A-Levels - however will not replace specified science A-Levels where these are mandatory subject requirements. Applied Psychology Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma at Grades MM OR Extended Diploma at Grades MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes (applicants to Psychology will also require GCSE Maths at Grade B or above). Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades DD or DMM may be accepted in place of 2 A-Levels - however will not replace specified science A-Levels where these are mandatory subject requirements (applicants to Psychology will also require GCSE Maths at Grade B or above). Art & Design / Art & Design Practice Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Level 3 Diploma at Grades MM OR Extended Diploma at Grades MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Business L3 Extended Diploma at Grades DDD will give access to Year 1 of MA Arts and MA Social Sciences Degrees. BTEC HNC/HND with a Merit Pass overall AND a Merit Pass in majority of subjects will give access to Year 1 of MA Arts and MA Social Sciences Degrees. Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D, or Diploma at Grades MM, or Extended Diploma at MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades DD or DMM may be accepted in place of 2 A-Levels to some degree programmes. Computing Computer Systems & Network Support Cyber Security Systems and Principles Software Development & Programming L3 Extended Diploma at Grades DDD will give access to Year 1 of Computing Science and Software Engineering degrees. If Maths not studied as part of BTEC then A-Level Maths also required. BTEC HNC/HND with a Merit Pass overall AND a Merit Pass in majority of subjects will give access to Year 1 of Computing Science and Software Engineering degrees. If Maths not studied as part of BTEC then A-Level Maths also required. Level 3 Diploma at Grades DD or Extended Diploma at Grades DMM will be accepted in place of 2 A-Levels for most degree programmes. Dental Technology Level 3 Subsidiary Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D or Extended Diploma with a minimum of MPP will be accepted in place of 1 A-Level for most degree programmes. It cannot be accepted in place of a science subject where science is a required subject. Engineering Aeronautical Eng Civil Engineering Electrical & Electronic Engineering Mechanical Engineering Manufacturing Engineering / Advanced Manufacturing Engineering Operations and Maintenance Engineering Electromechanical Engineering Diploma/Extended diploma subject at Grades MM or MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades DD or DMM may be accepted in place of 2 A-Levels - however will not replace Maths and Physics A-Levels where these are mandatory subject requirements. BTEC HNC/HND with a Merit Pass overall AND a Merit Pass in majority of subjects will give access to Year 1 of Engineering degrees. If Maths not studied as part of BTEC then A-Level Maths also required. Enterprise and Entrepreneurship Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Environmental Sustainability L3 Extended Diploma at Grades DDD will give access to Year 1 of Environmental Science & Sustainability Degree at Dumfries Campus. Subsidiary Diploma at Grade D/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate , Diploma at Grades MM or Extended Diploma at Grades MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Health and Social Care L3 Extended Diploma at Grades DDD will give access to Year 1 of Education (Teacher Training) Degree Programmes providing applicants also have GCSE Maths at Grade B or better AND A-Level English or AS Level English or GCSE English Language & English Literature at Grade B or better. BTEC HNC/HND with a Merit Pass overall AND a Merit Pass in majority of subjects will give access to Year 1 of Education (Teacher Training) degree programmes providing applicants also have GCSE Maths at Grade B or better AND A-Level English or AS Level English or GCSE English Language & English Literature at Grade B or better. Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes Information Technology Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Marketing Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Music Extended Diploma at Grades DDD will give access to Year 1 of the MA Music (but not the B.Mus degree). BTEC HNC/HND with a Merit Pass overall AND a Merit Pass in majority of subjects will give access to Year 1 of MA Arts Degree in Music (but not the B.Mus degree). Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Music Technology Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Performing Arts Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Pharmaceutical Science Diploma at Grade D may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Production Arts Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Sport Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma or Extended Diploma cannot be used to replace 2 A-Levels. Sport and Exercise Sciences Extended Diploma at Grades DDD will give access to Year 1 of most Life Science Degrees (but not all Science Degrees). BTEC HNC/HND with a Merit Pass overall AND a Merit Pass in majority of subjects will give access to Year 1 of most Life Science Degrees (but not all Science Degrees). Subsidiary Diploma/90 Credit Diploma/ Level 3 National Extended Certificate at Grade D OR Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades MM/MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma/Extended diploma subject at Grades MM or MPP may be used in place of 1 A-Level subject for most degree programmes. Diploma/Extended Diploma at Grades DD or DMM may be accepted in place of 2 A-Levels - however will not replace specified science A-Levels where these are mandatory subject requirements. The following BTEC subjects are not accepted by the University for admission (irrespective of qualification level or grade achieved): Agriculture Aircraft Maintenance Animal Management Aviation Operations Beauty Therapy Blacksmith & Metalwork Building Services Engineering Children's Care, L&D Children's Play, L&D Construction & the Built Environment Countryside Management Creative Digital Media Production Creative Media Production Digital Media Equine Management Esports Fashion and Clothing Fashion Design and Textiles Fish Management Floristry Forensic and Criminal Investigations Forestry and Arboriculture Games Development and Coding Horse Management Horticulture Hospitality Interactive Media and Games Design International Travel and Tourism Management Land Based Technology Media and Games Design Motorsport Engineering Personal and Bus Finance Performance and Acting Public Services Sport and Outdoor Activities Sport and Fitness Sporting Excellence and Performance Sports Coaching and Development Travel and Tourism Uniformed Protective Services Vehicle Technology BTEC qualifications must have been awarded within 7 years of the date of entry to the University to be accepted as meeting entry requirements. Higher National Qualifications: HNC or HND The University of Glasgow welcomes applications from students who have studied (or are currently studying) Higher National qualifications at Further Education colleges. The information below details the degree programmes which accept HNC or HND qualifications, specific HN qualifications that are accepted, and the entry level (Year 1 or 2) to which applicants with required grades will be admitted. It also details any additional entry requirements such as SQA Highers. The majority of HN entrants enter Year 1 of undergraduate study. All HN applicants are required to attend and pass a University Summer School. This will be a condition of any offer made. All qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. Where our requirements ask for an A in a graded unit, the equivalent requirement for a NextGen HNC/D is Merit. Where our requirements ask for a B in the graded unit, the equivalent requirements for a NextGen HNC/D is Achieved. In addition, we work with colleges to provide specific articulated HN pathways into Year 2 of degrees in Arts, Life Sciences, Engineering and Social Sciences at our Glasgow campus, and programmes at our Dumfries campus. See Widening Participation for more details. +++ 1: Dentistry, Medicine, Veterinary Medicine and Veterinary Biosciences The following degree programmes do not admit students with HNC/D qualifications: Medicine Dentistry Veterinary Medicine Veterinary Biosciences --- +++ 2: Arts and Social Sciences Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the HNC/D, all applicants must have Higher English at Grade B plus attend and pass the UofG Summer School. Higher Maths at B is also required for entry to Business Economics or Economics. HNC/HND qualifications do not grant access to Year 2 entry. Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. HNC/D Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Administration and IT Advertising and Public Relations Business Business and Digital Marketing Financial Services Human Resource Management Legal Services Management Management and Leadership Marketing Marketing Communications Media Analysis and Production Media and Communication Practical Journalism Social Sciences All MA Arts degrees* All MA(SocSci) Social Science degrees (except for Psychology and International Relations: see Section 7) *For any joint degree options that include a Science subject, such as Computing Science/Music, you will also be required to meet the mandatory Higher Maths at Grade B HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNC Achieved with Merit is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) Acting and Performance (to MA Theatre Studies only) Art and Design (to MA Creative Arts and Industries or MA Digital Media & Information Studies only) Creative Industries: Media and Communication (to MA Creative Arts and Industries or MA Digital Media & Information Studies only) Creative Industries: Professional Writing Skills (to MA Creative Arts and Industries only) Creative Industries: Television (to MA Creative Arts and Industries and MA Film and TV Studies only) Digital Design and Web Development (to MA Creative Arts and Industries or MA Digital Media & Information Studies only) Digital Media for Design and Print (to MA Creative Arts and Industries or MA Digital Media & Information Studies only) Music (to MA Music only) Musical Theatre (to MA Theatre Studies only) Performing Arts (to MA Theatre Studies only) Television (to MA Film and TV Studies only) Visual Communication (to MA Creative Arts and Industries only) MA Arts degrees indicated in brackets only HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNCs Achieved with Merit is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) 3D Computer Animation 3D Design Art Glass Production Audio Visual Technology Beauty Therapy Complementary Therapies Computer Arts and Design Contemporary Art Practice Contemporary Dance Performance Costume for Stage and Screen Counselling Dance Artists Display Design HND Events Fashion Business Fashion Design and Manufacture Fashion Make-up Fashion Technology Fashion: Design and Production with Retail Furniture Garden Design Golf Course Management Hairdressing Hospitality Operations Jewellery Make-Up Artistry TV, Film and Theatre Music Business Photography Police Studies Professional Cookery Professional Dance Performance Radio Retail Rural Business Management Social Services Sound Production Stringed Instrument Making and Repair Supply Chain Management Technical Theatre Technologies in Business Textiles Trade Union Organising and Representation Travel and Tourism This HNC/D is not accepted --- +++ 3: Science and Life Sciences (BSc) Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the HNC/D, all applicants must also have a relevant Higher Science subject at Grade B. If a specific Science subject is required, it will be listed in 'Grade Required' column in the table below. Plus attend and pass the UofG Summer School. Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. HNC/D Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Applied Sciences Applied Biological Sciences Applied Bioscience Applied Chemical Sciences Industrial Biotechnology BSc Anatomy BSc Biochemistry BSc Genetics BSc Human Biology BSc Human Biology & Physiology BSc Immunology BSc Marine & Freshwater Biology BSc Microbiology BSc Molecular & Cellular Biology BSc Molecular & Cellular Biology (with Biotechnology) BSc Molecular & Cellular Biology (with Plant Science) BSc Neuroscience BSc Pharmacology BSc Sport & Exercise Science BSc Zoology HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNCs Achieved with Merit is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 A for entry to Year 2 (For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required) A Higher in a Science subject is also required Applied Sciences Applied Chemical Sciences BSc Chemistry BSc Chemistry with Medicinal Chemistry HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNCs Achieved with Merit is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 A for entry to Year 2 (For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required) BSc Chemistry/Chemistry with Medicinal Chemistry: Grade B in Higher Maths also required Computing Computer Games Development Computing: Software Development Computer Science BSc Software Engineering BSc Electronic & Software Engineering No entry with HNC HND with Graded Unit 1 A and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required) No entry to Year 2 Grade A in Higher Maths also required Computer Games Development Computing: Software Development Computing: Technical Support Computer Science BSc Computing Science No entry with HNC HND with Graded Unit 1 A and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required) No entry to Year 2 Grade A in Higher Maths also required Applied Sciences Mechanical Engineering (Plus many more: please contact the Admissions Team to consult) BSc Physics BSc Astronomy HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNCs Achieved with Merit is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) No entry to Year 2 Grade B in Higher Maths and Higher Physics also required Applied Sciences BSc Geography BSc Geology HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 No entry to Year 2 Agriculture Animal Care Arboriculture and Urban Forestry Chemical Process Technology Computer Aided Architectural Design and Technology Computer Aided Draughting and Design Computer Arts and Design Cyber Security Equine Studies Fish Farming Fitness, Health and Exercise Food Science and Technology Forestry Game and Wildlife Management Healthcare Practice Horticulture Landscape Management Nautical Science Occupational Therapy Support Oral Health Care: Dental Nursing Pharmacy Services Development and Management Philosophy & Sports Science Physiology Poultry Production Soft Tissue Therapy Sports Coaching and Development Sports Medicine Sports Science & Nutrition Sports Therapy/Coaching Sustainable Resource Management Water Operations Wildlife and Conservation Management These HNC/D's are not accepted for entry to the Science or Life Science degree programmes. --- +++ 4: Engineering (BEng) HNC Additional Entry Requirements: The HNC must include Engineering Maths 2. In addition to the HNC, all applicants for Year 1 entry must have Higher Maths at Grade B or the equivalent University of Glasgow Access qualification plus attend and pass the UofG Summer School. HND Additional Entry Requirements: The HND must include Engineering Maths 3. In addition to the HND, all applicants for Year 2 entry must have Advanced Higher Maths at Grade B or the equivalent University of Glasgow Access qualification plus attend and pass the UofG Summer School. Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. HNC/D Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Aircraft Engineering Structural Engineering Civil Engineering Electronics Electrical Engineering Engineering Systems Mechanical Engineering Mechatronics BEng Aeronautical Engineering BEng Aerospace Systems BEng Biomedical Engineering BEng Civil Engineering BEng Civil Engineering with Architecture BEng Electronics & Electrical Engineering BEng Mechanical Engineering BEng Mechanical Engineering with Aeronautics BEng Mechanical Design Engineering BEng Mechatronics BEng Product Design Engineering BEng Robotics and AI HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNCs Achieved with Merit is required) Year 2 entry to the above programmes¹ requires applicants to hold a HND in a closely related subject to the intended programme e.g. a HND in Mechanical Engineering would be necessary to enter programmes such as Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering with Aeronautics, Mechanical Design Engineering, Mechatronics and Product Design Engineering. Each case is considered on its merits and alternative subject qualifications may be considered. ¹ Year 2 entry to Civil Engineering with Architecture is not available. HND with Graded Unit 1 A and Graded Unit 2 A (For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required) Architectural Technology Automotive Engineering Building Services Engineering Building Surveying Built Environment Chemical Engineering Computer Aided Architectural Design and Technology Computer Aided Drafting and Design Construction Management Contracting Management Engineering Practice Engineering Systems Fabrication, Welding and Inspection Manufacturing Engineering Marine Engineering Measurement and Control Engineering Petroleum Engineering Petroleum Process Technology, Operations and Control Quantity Surveying Shipbuilding These HNC/D's are not accepted for entry to Engineering Programmes. --- +++ 5: Education Applicants to Undergraduate Teaching Degree Programmes: MEduc Education with Primary Teaching Qualification, MDTechEd Technological Education and MA Primary Education with Teaching Qualification (Dumfries Campus) Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the HNC/D, all applicants must have Higher English at Grade B and National 5 Maths at Grade B (except for BA Community Development). National 5 Application of Maths will be accepted for MEduc and MA Primary Teaching (Dumfries). Successful outcome of interview required. HNC/D applicants must attend and pass the UofG online Summer School. HNC/D Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Childhood Practice Additional Support Needs Early Education and Childcare MEduc Education with Primary Teaching Qualification MA Primary Education with Teaching Qualification (Dumfries Campus) HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNC Achieved with Merit is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) Social Sciences Social Services MA Primary Education with Teaching Qualification (Dumfries Campus only) 3D Design Computer Aided Draughting & Design Visual Communication Mechanical Engineering Engineering Systems Other technical HNC/D qualifications may be considered. Please contact our Admissions Enquiry Team for more information. MDTechEd Technological Education Working with Communities BA Community Development Additional Support Needs: Supporting the Individual Care and Administrative Practice Childhood Practice (Theory Only) Counselling Social Services (Theory Only) These HNC/D's are not accepted for entry to Education Programmes --- +++ 6: Accountancy and Finance (BAcc and BFin) Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the HND, all applicants must have Higher Maths at Grade B plus attend and pass the UofG Summer School. Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. No entry to Year 2 with HND. HND Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Accounting BAcc Accountancy & Finance BFin Finance No entry with HNC HND with Graded Unit 1 A and Graded Unit 2 A (or AA if your HND has three graded units) for entry to Year 1 For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required --- +++ 7: Psychology and International Relations Applicants to MA, BSc, and MA (SocSci) Psychology programmes and MA (SocSci) International Relations Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the HND, all applicants to Psychology MA or MA (SocSci) must have Higher English at Grade B. In addition to the HND, all applicants to Psychology BSc must have a Higher Science at Grade B. Applicants to Psychology (BSc, MA, and MA SocSci) must also have National 5 Maths at Grade B. Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. No entry to Year 2 with HND. HND Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required HND listed in the Arts/Social Science (Section 2) or Science/Life Science (Section 3). MA, BSc, & MA (SocSci) Psychology No entry with HNC HND with Graded Unit 1 A and Graded Unit 2 A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required) HND listed in the Arts/Social Science (Section 2) MA(SocSci) International Relations --- +++ 8. Law Applicants to LLB programmes Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the HND, all must pass LNAT with satisfactory score. The cut-off score fluctuates year by year. Applicants must also attend and pass the UofG Summer School. Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. No entry to Year 2 with HND. HND Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Legal Services LLB Common Law LLB Scots Law No entry with HNC HND with Graded Unit 1 A and Graded Unit 2 A (or AA if you are required to complete 3 graded units) for entry to Year 1 For NextGen HND Achieved with Merit is required. --- +++ 9: Nursing Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the Applied Sciences HNC/D, applicants must attend and pass the UofG Summer School. Successful outcome of interview is required. HN Healthcare Practice students will only be considered if candidates also have two Highers at grade B or above in science subjects (Maths, Chemistry, Physics, Biology/Human Biology). Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. A HNC/D does not grant entry to Year 2 of the Nursing degree programme. HNC/D Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Applied Sciences Healthcare Practice (previously Care and Administrative Practice) BN Nursing HNC with Graded Unit A for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNC Achieved with Merit is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) --- +++ 10. BSc Environmental Science & Sustainability: Dumfries Campus Additional Entry Requirements: In addition to the HNC/D, all applicants must have a Higher Science subject at Grade B. Qualifications must be attained within 7 years of the start date of your degree. HNC/D Is Accepted for Entry to Grade Required Applied Sciences Bioscience Sustainable Resource Management Built Environment Environmental Management BSc Environmental Science & Sustainability HNC with Graded Unit B for entry to Year 1 (For NextGen HNC Achieved is required) HND with Graded Unit 1 B and Graded Unit 2 B for entry to Year 2 (For NextGen HND Achieved is required) Cambridge Technical Qualifications The University welcomes applications from candidates who have sat Cambridge Technical Extended Certificate Qualifications (Level 3). The University recognises that an increasing number of schools/colleges are offering a combination of CTEC qualifications together with A-Levels. Depending on the type of CTEC qualification, they may be used for admission to some degree programmes as a substitute for 1 A-Level subject (ie applicant requires BTEC qualification plus 2 A-Levels). We accept the following Cambridge Technical Extended Certificates in place of 1 A-Level. Please note, where a specific subject is required for admission to a programme of study in the case of a mandatory subject, a CTEC will not fulfil the mandatory subject requirements. Applied Science Business Digital Media (for entry to MA Digital Media and Information Studies ONLY) Engineering Health and Social Care Information Technology Sport and Physical Activity The following CTECs are not accepted for entry to our undergraduate programmes: Performing Arts CTEC qualifications must have been awarded within 7 years of the date of entry to the University to be accepted as meeting entry requirements. Other recognised qualifications Foundation Apprenticeships Foundation Apprenticeships will be accepted as equivalent to one additional Higher subject at grade A for applicants to degree programmes in Arts, Languages, Social Sciences, Science, Life Sciences, Engineering and Accountancy. Scottish Baccalaureate The University welcomes and recognises the value of the Scottish Baccalaureate and the Interdisciplinary Project. Offers will be based on the individual Highers and Advanced Highers components within it. Additional Highers may also be required at B or above. Welsh Baccalaureate The University welcomes and recognises the value of the Welsh Baccalaureate and the Core. The Advanced Diploma with a pass in the Core and two A-levels is accepted for many programmes. Extended Project and Advanced Extension Awards We welcome the use of the Extended Project Qualification (EPQ) and, in Mathematics, the Advanced Extension Awards (AEA). We recognise that they challenge students and encourage an interdisciplinary approach to learning, preparing students for a successful higher education experience. However, we accept that not all students have equal opportunity to access them, so do not require them for entry. The EPQ/AEA are not accepted as an A-level equivalent. Cambridge Pre-U Diploma We welcome applicants offering the Cambridge Pre-U Diploma. Combinations of individual Pre-U subjects and A-level subjects are acceptable if three subjects are offered overall. Typical offers are likely to require two subjects at minimum D3 and one at M2. Post-School Qualifications We welcome applicants who have achieved post-school qualifications where these are awarded by accredited UK institutions, including Access courses, Foundation Year studies, and Cert HEs or Dip HEs. These will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis and must include any mandatory subject content required for the programme the applicant intends to study, in addition to any other academic requirements such as an interview or admissions test. UCAS tariff points Whilst the University does not frame its offers in terms of UCAS tariff points, it may review UCAS tariff points, as well as information in your Personal Statement and Reference, to inform admission decisions for highly competitive subjects. SQA Level 6 NPA and NC Qualifications The University welcomes and recognises National Progression Awards (NPA) and National Certificates (NC) completed at SCQF Level 6. Generally, a NPA or NC will be considered as counting towards the SQA Higher entry requirements as equivalent to one SQA Higher. They are ungraded unlike the SQA Higher and a Pass mark will be considered as equivalent to A/B at SQA Higher. There are NPAs listed below which the University will be unable to consider due to its highly vocational content and not relevant to the University's academic curriculum. A NPA/NC will not be considered in lieu of the required mandatory. The table below shows which NPA/NC will be considered by the University as equivalent to a SQA Higher. Subject Title and Award Type Considered Equivalent to one Higher Subject area relevant to Accountancy NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Achieving Excellence in Sport NPA No n/a Acting and Theatre Performance NC/NPA No n/a Activity Tourism NC No n/a Aeronautical Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Agriculture NC No n/a Art and Design NC Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Art and Design: Digital Media NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Architecture and Interior Design NC No n/a Beauty Care NC No n/a Beauty Therapy Services and Treatments NC No n/a Body Massage and Wrap Treatments NPA No n/a Building Services Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Civil Engineering Built Environment NC/NPA Yes Applications to BEng Civil Engineering Business Skills NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Business with Information Technology Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Celtic Studies NC Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Childhood Practice NC No n/a Civil Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Civil Engineering Computer Aided Design and Technology NC Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Computer Games Development NC/NPA Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Computing Technical Support NC Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Computing Technologies NPA Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Computing with Digital Media NC Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Creative and Digital Media: Technologies, Processes and Practices NPA No n/a Creative Industries NC Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Criminology NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Customer Service NPA No n/a Customised Make-Up and Eye Treatments NPA No n/a Cyber Security NPA Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Dance NC No n/a Data Science NPA Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Digital Literacies NPA No n/a Digital Media NPA No n/a Digital Passport NPA No n/a Early Education and Childcare NC No n/a Electrical Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Electronic Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Engineering Systems NC Yes Applications to BEng Enterprise and Business NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Enterprise and Employability NPA No n/a Esports NPA No n/a Events NPA No n/a Exercise and Fitness Leadership NPA No n/a Fabrication and Welding Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Fashion Design and Manufacture NC No n/a Film and Media NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Financial Services NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Food Manufacture NPA No n/a Global Infrastructure NPA Yes (cannot be used as alternative to mandatory subjects) All BEng/MEng Engineering programmes Hairdressing NC No n/a Hand, Foot and Sculptured Nails NPA No n/a Health and Social Care: Promoting Reablement NPA No n/a Health and Social Care: Skills for Practice NPA No n/a Health and Social Care NC No n/a Horse Care NPA No n/a Hospitality Operations NC No n/a Hospitality NPA No n/a Jewellery NC/NPA No n/a Journalism NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Laboratory Science NPA Yes Applications to BSc Land and Environment No n/a Land-based Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Leadership for the Racehorse Industry NPA No n/a Legal Services NC Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Legal Studies NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Make-Up Artistry NC No n/a Manufacturing Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Measurement and Control Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Mechanical Engineering NC Yes Applications to BEng Media NC Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Model Making: TV and Film NC No n/a Music NC No n/a Music Business NPA No n/a Music for Wellbeing NPA No n/a Music Performing NPA No n/a Musical theatre NPA No n/a Oral Health Care: Preparing for Practice NC No n/a Oral Health Care NPA No n/a Organising Volunteering Events in Sport NPA No n/a Palliative and End of Life Care NPA No n/a PC Passport NPA No n/a Photography NC No n/a Play in a Sports Environment NPA No n/a Professional Computer Fundamentals NPA No n/a Professional Cookery NC/NPA No n/a Professional Theatre Preparation No n/a Psychology NPA Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Public Services, Security and Armed Forces No n/a Racehorse Care and Management No n/a Retailing No n/a Sciences (Applied) NC Yes Applications to BSc Scientific Technologies NPA Yes Applications to BSc Scottish Bagpipes NPA No n/a Scottish Pipe Band Drumming NPA No n/a Shipping and Maritime Operations NC No n/a Social Sciences NC Yes Applications to MA Arts or MA Social Sciences Social Services and Healthcare NPA No n/a Social Services (Children and Young People) NPA Yes For Education (MEduc or MAPE) only Software Development NPA Yes Applications to Graduate Apprenticeships in Software Engineering Sound Production NC/ NPA No n/a Sports Coaching NPA No n/a Sports Development NPA No n/a Stringed Musical Instrument Repair NC No n/a Technical Theatre in Practice NPA No n/a Theory and Approaches to Youth Work NPA No n/a Travel and Tourism NC/NPA No n/a Volunteering Skills NPA No n/a Wellness Therapies NC No n/a Woodland Operations No n/a Working with Communities NC No n/a Zoo Animal Care NC Yes Applications to Life Sciences Zoo Animal Behaviour and Welfare NPA Yes Applications to Life Sciences International (including EU) students The University welcomes applications and students from all over the world. We do accept many national school qualifications, including many European, SAT & AP if applying from the USA, and CICSE or CBSE if applying from India. A range of Foundation programmes are also available via Glasgow International College . Visit the International students site and select your country from the drop-down menu for specific information. All applications must be made through UCAS: www.ucas.com or Common App: www.commonapp.org For information about your fee status, please see: Fee status policy Adult returners The University welcomes applications from adult returners and provides specific, tailored support via the Widening Participation team. UCAS also provides useful information about applying to Higher Education The University requires applicants to have participated in study within an appropriate time period prior to being admitted to an academic programme. See Age of Qualifications for further information. If your qualifications are considered to be out with an appropriate time period for your choice of programme, you may seek entry through an alternative route, such as the University's Access courses (see Short Courses: Access courses ), or the Scottish Wider Access Programme (SWAP) . Age of qualifications The University requires applicants to have participated in study and have obtained certified study within an appropriate period of time prior to being admitted to an academic programme. This appropriate period of time is considered to be within 7 years. Qualifications awarded more than 7 years before the proposed date of entry may be considered out of date. The University reserves the right to apply this policy depending on the availability of places for the degree programme the applicant is applying to. All applications are considered on a case by case basis to ensure you are prepared for a successful transition into university study. If your qualifications are considered to be out with an appropriate time period for your choice of programme, you may seek entry through an alternative route such as the University's Access courses (see Short Courses: Access Coursess ), or the Scottish Wider Access Programme (SWAP) . Resits Some clinical subjects require attainment of published entry requirements in one exam sitting, i.e. the same exam year. If this is the case, it will be detailed (or linked to) on the relevant subject page in the degree programme A-Z. In all other cases, we will consider your application on a case by case basis, including the circumstances and duration attaining the specified entry requirements. Graduate applicants The University of Glasgow welcomes applicants to undergraduate degree programmes who have already completed an undergraduate degree. Attainment of an undergraduate degree does not on its own guarantee admission to another degree programme and it is advisable to have recent academic experience. The following criteria will be considered when reviewing graduate applications: Applicants must have attained a minimum of a 2:2 (Lower second class) honours degree; AND Would have met the current year (year of admission) entry qualifications prior to being admitted to their current degree programme. For applicants to the School of Medicine, please see School of Medicine Admissions . Interviews and admissions tests An interview will be part of the selection process for: Community Development Dentistry Medicine Nursing Teaching Veterinary Medicine & Surgery You may also be interviewed if you're applying for entry into Year 2 in any subject. The selection processes for both Dentistry and Medicine involves the UCAT (University Clinical Aptitude Test) as well as interview. The selection processes for Law involves the LNAT (Law National Aptitude Test) For more information, contact the relevant specialised Admissions Team: Medicine: med-sch-admissions@glasgow.ac.uk Dentistry: Med-sch-dental-ug@glasgow.ac.uk Nursing: nursing-sch-admissions@glasgow.ac.uk Veterinary Medicine: admissions@vet.gla.ac.uk All others: Admissions enquiries Homeschooling/Distance Learning/Online Learning The University of Glasgow welcomes applicants from diverse and varied learning backgrounds. We may be able to consider applicants who have undertaken studies outside of the traditional school setting where their academic profile meets our entry requirements and their qualifications are accredited. ; Where an applicant is undertaking independent study from home toward traditional qualifications such as A-Levels, Scottish Highers, AP exams, or the IB Diploma, we will consider their studies equivalent to traditional schooling and any offer will be framed around exam results and we would still expect these applicants to undertake their exams. Where an applicant is undertaking Homeschooling that does not culminate in exams, we will only consider their studies for entry where their curriculum is in line with their local/state/regional school board and accredited by a recognised board of education. Consideration of distance learning or online learning on a Foundation or Access to HE pathway is typically not considered; however we may review on a case-by-case basis where mitigating circumstances are present. University transfer As a general rule, the University does not accept applications from UK students to transfer from another institution. Exceptions will be made only if it can be proven that a student who is currently living away from home needs to return to their home city due to significant personal problems, such as family or personal illness, bereavement or other circumstances. These situations will be considered on a case by case basis and documentary evidence, such as medical reports, will be required. Regardless, all applications from students currently studying at another Higher Education Institution must be made through UCAS and applicants must meet the current SQA Higher or A level entry requirements to be considered for an offer. Any offer is likely to be to Year 1 of study. For applicants to the School of Medicine, please see School of Medicine Admissions . Extenuating circumstances: applicant guidance The University is fully committed to support applicants with extenuating circumstances. In most cases, it is expected that the detail of the extenuating circumstances will be provided by the applicant's Academic Referee within the UCAS Reference and whom the University considers as a trusted source of the verification of those circumstances. The UCAS Reference section on the UCAS application form is formatted and structured to allow the Academic Referee to provide the detail of the extenuating circumstances on behalf of the applicant. Please refer to the "Academic References" section for further guidance. The University is mindful that not all applicants will want to share their extenuating circumstances with their Academic Referee. Alternatively, the applicant can provide details of their circumstances directly to us by completing the Extenuating Circumstances form which can be requested via our online enquiry form (choose Extenuating Circumstances from the category drop down options). Enquire online Any information provided by the applicant on their extenuating circumstances will be treated sensitively and confidentially, however we may require further supporting documentation such as medical letters which should be uploaded to Applicant Self Service (full details will be provided via email). Applicants are encouraged not to use their personal statement to present extenuating circumstances as the extenuating circumstances form is a better way for this information to be assessed. Undergraduate Admissions Officers will undertake an impact assessment and the grading of that impact assessment will determine to what extent the published entry requirements are adjusted within the offer made to the applicant. Therefore, it is very important for the University's Admissions Officers to be equipped with detailed and specific information for that impact assessment to be appropriately considered. This includes the applicant's view and understanding of how they have been impacted and must include dates and timing of the extenuating circumstances and the relatability to capacity to study, performance in their exams, predicted grades or their wider achievements. We expect information from applicants who have experienced any of the extenuating circumstances listed below including, but not limited to: personal or family wellbeing, bereavement, care-experience, estrangement, victim of serious crime, serious illness of the applicant or close relative, either short or long term any periods of absence from school and reasons for absence challenging home/family life, joblessness, redundancy, significant financial issues, domestic abuse, ongoing and significant caring responsibilities disability or other conditions other educational disruption, eg, multiples schools attended, rural location with long travel time, teacher absence and impact, etc. Applicants will receive notification of their application decision via UCAS indicating that their Extenuating Circumstances have been considered and whether it has been possible to make the applicant an adjusted offer. Applicants are encouraged to provide details of their extenuating circumstances and submit the online form by Wednesday 13 January 2027 18:00 (UK time), to be fully considered by Admissions Officers. This guidance applies to applications assessed by the University's central Undergraduate Admissions teams. Medicine, Dentistry and Veterinary Medicine programmes may operate different admissions and selection processes. Applicants should refer to the relevant programme webpages or contact the appropriate Admissions Team for information on how extenuating circumstances are considered. In particularly complex or exceptional cases, applications may be referred by the Admissions Officers to an Extenuating Circumstances Panel for further consideration. Extenuating circumstances: academic referee guidance Please refer to "Academic References" Admissions Guidance under Section Two: The Applicant Statement (Extenuating Circumstances section). Personal statements We consider all information within the UCAS application when making our admissions decisions. As part of the UCAS application, applicants are required to respond to structured questions regarding their motivation for study, preparation for their chosen subject and any relevant experiences or achievements. The University may use this information, together with the academic reference and other information provided within the application, to assess an applicant's readiness for higher education, suitability for their chosen degree programme and any contextual information that may inform the admissions decision. The importance placed on the personal statement will vary by degree programme. For highly competitive programmes, the personal statement may be used alongside academic attainment and other relevant selection criteria to distinguish between similarly qualified applicants. Applicants to professional or vocational degree programmes should demonstrate a clear understanding of the profession for which they are applying. This may be evidenced through relevant work experience, work shadowing, volunteering, community engagement or other activities that have supported their understanding of the profession and developed relevant skills. We recognise that not all applicants have equal access to such opportunities and will consider evidence of engagement in the context of the opportunities available to the applicant. Applicants should refer to the relevant programme webpages or contact the appropriate Admissions Team for information on how personal statements are considered. Applicants should ensure that all information provided within their application is accurate and reflects their own experiences, achievements and motivations. Whilst artificial intelligence (AI) tools may be used to support planning, drafting or proofreading, applicants remain responsible for the content submitted within their application. Applications containing false, misleading or fabricated information may be rejected, or any offer made may be withdrawn. Academic references Academic references are a trusted source of verification. Information shared can support a more contextualised view of the applicant and any barriers to their achievement. Admissions Officers utilise the academic reference at the point of initial application review to understand the context of the application and make appropriate offer adjustments. Section One - The General Statement In this mandatory section, please enter a general statement about your school, college or centre. Ideally, information should relate to the following: the background of the school, including detail of the SIMD Quintile spread across your pupil population an overview of the qualification offered outside of the traditional Highers/Advanced Highers detail on any subjects not offered at particular SCQF levels any policy or process which may have precluded subject spread, e.g., B grade at Higher is required for progression to Advanced Higher studies, limitations in subject re-take options for S6 or 2 year Higher in lieu of National 5 certification any other information about the school, college or centre which may have affected student performance, e.g., building construction or staff changes. Section Two - The Applicant Statement The format and structure of the UCAS Reference provides the Academic Referee with the opportunity to give detailed information regarding any extenuating circumstances experienced by the applicant. Undergraduate Admissions expect those extenuating circumstances to be supported and outlined by the Academic Referee in the academic reference. They may also be referred to by the applicant, but this is not necessary if the Academic Referee has described in detail how the applicant has been impacted by their extenuating circumstances. If there are no extenuating circumstances where the applicant has been directly impacted we respectfully ask that no information is provided and the section is left blank. The University is fully committed to support applicants with extenuating circumstances and where the impact has been assessed as significant and it is clear the applicant has had a less successful outcome in their exam performance, Undergraduate Admissions will make an adjusted offer to the applicant. The grading of the assessment of the impact of the extenuating circumstances will determine to what extent the published entry requirements are adjusted. Therefore it is very important for the Admissions Officers to be equipped with detailed and specific information in relation to the applicant's extenuating circumstances in order for that impact assessment to be appropriately considered. This includes the Academic Referee's assessment of how the applicant has been impacted and also must include dates and timing of the extenuating circumstances. This will avoid any need to request additional information. If additional information is required an email will be sent from the Undergraduate Admissions email address directly to the Academic Referee. In this optional space, we would expect information on applicants with extenuating circumstances. With the applicant's approval, please describe any factors that may have impacted their studies, performance or predicted grades, or their wider achievements, including, but not limited to, personal or family wellbeing, bereavement, care-experience, estrangement, victim of serious crime, serious illness of the applicant or close relative, either short or long term any periods of absence from school and reasons for absence challenging home/family life, joblessness, redundancy, significant financial issues, domestic abuse, ongoing and significant caring responsibilities disability or other conditions other educational disruption, eg, multiples schools attended, rural location with long travel time, teacher absence and impact, etc. The Admissions Officers will consider applicants who have extenuating circumstances. It is unlikely that Academic Referees will be contacted for follow-up information unless the information provided is insufficient for the Panel to assess the impact. Applicants will be made an offer in the standard way through UCAS and an indication that an adjusted offer has been made. Section Three - Other Supportive Information This section is optional but provides a space for referees to detail any additional information about the applicant's circumstances that they wish the University to consider. This may include: information not related to the applicant's academic achievements or course work extracurricular activities information on any support systems that the applicant had whilst at your school, college or centre, which may be required at the University of Glasgow to support their applicant or student journey. For additional information, please see the UCAS website , including their reference examples. Using AI Technologies in Application Preparation The personal statement is designed to provide contextual information about yourself around your motivations to study your chosen programme, your work or life experiences, and your relevant interests. All parts of the personal statement should be written by you. You may use AI-based technologies for checking grammar and spelling or organising the structure of your personal statement, but we advise against using tools such as ChatGPT or other AI technologies to generate substantial parts of your personal statement, including the underlying ideas that inform your writing. Applications containing false, misleading or fabricated information may be rejected or any offer made may be withdrawn. UCAS Documents UCAS will begin allowing applicants to upload documents to their application at the point of submission from the 2027 Entry Year admissions cycle. Our application system does not currently support the importation of these documents to our Applicant Self-Service. If you wish for any supporting documentation to be considered as part of our review of your application, please upload your documents directly to your University of Glasgow Applicant Self-Service once you have received your application acknowledgement email and login details. UCAS Extra UCAS Extra is an additional choice offering that UCAS provides for applicants who have either been rejected from their initial 5 choices or have declined all 5 offers made to them. This service typically opens in late February. Please note that while you may be able to add a choice with us in the UCAS system at this stage, this does not mean that you will be guaranteed to be considered for an offer. Applications submitted after the UCAS equal consideration deadline of 13 January 2027 will only be considered where vacancies remain for the applicant's fee status category. Clearing Participation in UCAS Clearing is determined annually, and details will be published on the University website from early July. Part-time study Our flexible degrees are designed to allow part-time students access to a wide range of Arts or Science subjects and ultimately graduate with a MA Arts or BSc Science degree from the University of Glasgow. We are unable to offer part-time degrees in the following subjects: Accountancy & Finance, Dentistry, Engineering, Film & Television Studies, Law, Medicine, Nursing, Psychology, Veterinary Biosciences, Veterinary Medicine. OR in any of the Social Sciences MA (SocSci) degrees. Course delivery The individual courses which make up the degree programme follow the timetable undertaken by the full-time undergraduate students, and part-time students attend the same on-campus lectures, tutorials or practical sessions. Part-time study is study by day and will require attendance on several days of the week. Commitment and timeframe An Honours degree normally takes a full-time student 4 years to complete and can be completed in as few as 6 years by a part-time student. Full-time students' study 120 credits per year, and all students are required to complete a total of 240 credits before commencing honours studies: Science part-time students are expected to commit to 80 credits per year for the first three years and then progress to full-time studies to complete the final two years of honours. Arts students have much greater flexibility, and a part-time student can take between 20 and 80 credits per year. The structure of the degree is discussed with the Advising Team in the College of Arts and an agreed programme of study set out. For further advice on Arts degrees, you may contact the Advising Team . Entry Requirements Entry requirements for part-time students are the same as full-time students, available on the relevant subject webpage. If you would like us to consider any additional qualification, then please see Admissions enquiries . It is advisable to have recent academic experience so if you feel you need to update your qualification in preparation for degree studies, we recommend that you consider an Access programme or relevant credit bearing courses offered by Short Courses at the University. See Short Courses: Access courses or the Scottish Wider Access Programme (SWAP). Fees & Funding Tuition fees are charged annually and based on the number of credits studied. Further details regarding tuition charges are available at: Fees: part-time students For information regarding the Part-time Fee Grant, administered by SAAS, see: Financial aid How to apply Applying for a part-time degree is made directly to the University and not through UCAS. The closing date for applications is 31 July the year preceding the start of the academic session in September. Part-time study Criminal Convictions Policy In line with our safeguarding policy and student safety approaches, the University of Glasgow may ask you to disclose information on unspent criminal convictions or pending charges. If required, this information will be asked only after we have issued you an offer, and possibly again before you complete Registration and Enrolment. For programmes where Protection of Vulnerable Groups (PVG) disclosure is required, this question will be asked within the UCAS application. In this regard, please note Sections 3.11, 3.12, and 19.5(d) of the Student Terms and Conditions. Deferred entry We are unable to consider applications for deferred entry for Dentistry, Nursing, Teacher Training, Medicine, and Veterinary Medicine programmes. In other subjects, you can apply via UCAS for a deferred place (applying for 2028) up to the UCAS deadline for equal consideration (13 January 2027) and if successful for an offer, this will be deferred. If you wish to defer your offer after you submit your UCAS application, this will be considered individually, up to 15 August 2027 and only if you have an Unconditional Firm place on an undergraduate programme at the University of Glasgow. For applicants to the School of Medicine, please see School of Medicine Admissions . Applicants with disabilities The University welcomes applications from individuals with disabilities or special needs. Please ensure you answer the UCAS questions on "living with conditions" when completing your UCAS application. This information will be passed to our Disability Service when you accept your offer. Please also refer to the guidance in the Extenuating Circumstances section. We also advise you contact the University's Disability Service to explore any potential support that may be available. Disability Service Applicants Under the Age of 18 The University welcomes applications from students under the age of 18, and given the structure of the Scottish education system, it is common for applicants to commence study prior to their eighteenth birthday. Applications will normally be considered through the University's standard admissions processes. Applicants who will be under the age of 16, and who do not require a Student Visa to study in the UK, at the point of enrolment will be subject to additional safeguarding and suitability assessments before admission can be confirmed. Further information, including responsibilities of applicants, parents or guardians, accommodation arrangements and immigration requirements, can be found in the University's Under 18 Admissions Policy. The University cannot sponsor a Student visa for applicants who will be under the age of 16 at the commencement of their studies. Applications from such individuals can only be considered where they hold an alternative immigration status that permits study in the UK. Exam re-marks/appeals If we make a Conditional offer to you, the conditions must be met at the first publication of results. Different practices exist in each country, whereby exam papers may be re-marked and/or appeals submitted by students (or their schools on their behalf). The University will consider each situation individually and is open to accepting re-marked papers or appeals. However, priority will be given to applicants who meet their conditions without re-marks / appeals, with the latter being accepted or offered deferred entry, dependent upon whether sufficient places are available and the timing of the notification to Admissions of the successful re-mark/appeal. Previous study at the University of Glasgow Applicants who have previously studied at the University of Glasgow and did not complete their studies for any reason (academic performance, ill-health, conduct, or any other reason) must declare this in their Personal Statement. This declaration will help ensure that the underlying reason for the non-completion of studies is fully investigated by the Admissions Department and a balanced admissions decision is taken thereafter. Failure to declare previous study would be deemed a 'material breach' resulting in you being withdrawn from the University. Consent to study for international applicants If you are an International applicant who will require a visa to study in the UK, and you will be under the age of 18 on 1 August, you are required to provide a consent form signed by your parent(s) or legal guardian(s). Under-18 consent form Changes to entry requirements or admissions policies The University tries to avoid making changes to entrance requirements or our Admissions Guidance and process during an 'Admissions Cycle'. However, we reserve the right to update this Guidance and entry requirements. We endeavour to finalise all of our entry requirements on our website by early October for admission to the University the following September. This approach is designed to ensure applicants are aware of our entry requirements by the start of their final year at school or college. Some changes may take place during early autumn, but all will be completed by the early October in the year preceding entry. Applicants are advised to continually monitor our website to ensure they have the most up to date information. Advice provided by the Admissions Office (or other communications) which relate to entry requirements or policies in place for a prior year, will be superseded by any website changes. Fraud/Misrepresentation Applicants are responsible for ensuring all information submitted in support of their application is accurate and complete. The University reserves the right to verify any information provided and may withdraw an offer or terminate registration where false, misleading or fraudulent information has been provided. Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 Undergraduate study Contact us Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff