Skip to main content Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Expand Study Show submenu for Study Study sub-menu Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Wider Student Experience sub-menu Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Student support sub-menu Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Research and business sub-menu Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham Global Durham sub-menu World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Visit us sub-menu Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Search Search Open menu Study Show submenu for Study Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Search durham.ac.uk Search Close search Home Study International International Durham has a long and proud history of welcoming students from countries across the globe. We've been named in the top 50 of the World's most international universities by the Times Higher Education (THE) in 2026. Explore International Studying in the UK submenu for "Studying in the UK" Why Durham? European (Erasmus+) Exchange Non-European Exchange Fee-Paying Study Abroad Agents and Representatives International Campus Visits Regional Information submenu for "Regional Information" Africa & Middle East Central & South Asia Mainland China East Asia and Australasia Europe Latin America & Caribbean North America South East Asia UK Application Guidance submenu for "Application Guidance" International Country-Specific Qualifications English Language Requirements Support Services How To Apply UK Qualifications Fees and Funding submenu for "Fees and Funding" Fee Status and Payment Foreign Loans International Scholarships, Awards and Bursaries Living Costs Application Fees and Post Offer Deposits (PG) College Residence Charges Visas submenu for "Visas" Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) Applying for a Student Visa Student Visa Requirements Your Family Student Visa: Money Required Studying as a Visitor Arrivals submenu for "Arrivals" International Meet and Greet service Information for pre-sessional students What to bring Life in Durham and the UK Things to do in Durham Meet and Greet FAQs Pathway Programmes submenu for "Pathway Programmes" International Foundation Year Pre-Masters English Preparation Open menu Studying in the UK Show submenu for Studying in the UK Why Durham? European (Erasmus+) Exchange Non-European Exchange Fee-Paying Study Abroad Agents and Representatives International Campus Visits Regional Information Show submenu for Regional Information Africa & Middle East Central & South Asia Mainland China East Asia and Australasia Europe Latin America & Caribbean North America South East Asia UK Application Guidance Show submenu for Application Guidance International Country-Specific Qualifications English Language Requirements Support Services How To Apply UK Qualifications Fees and Funding Show submenu for Fees and Funding Fee Status and Payment Foreign Loans International Scholarships, Awards and Bursaries Living Costs Application Fees and Post Offer Deposits (PG) College Residence Charges Visas Show submenu for Visas Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) Applying for a Student Visa Student Visa Requirements Your Family Student Visa: Money Required Studying as a Visitor Arrivals Show submenu for Arrivals International Meet and Greet service Information for pre-sessional students What to bring Life in Durham and the UK Things to do in Durham Meet and Greet FAQs Pathway Programmes Show submenu for Pathway Programmes International Foundation Year Pre-Masters English Preparation Welcome Studying abroad is a unique and exciting experience. You will be studying at a world top 100 university with a global reputation for teaching and research. Lecturers are world-leaders in their fields and students benefit from cutting-edge facilities. Durham is one of the UK's most historic universities, and its unique collegiate system creates a strong sense of belonging. The University provides outstanding opportunities that help to enrich student life and create some of the world's most sought-after graduates. Study in the UK Find a course Search Popular searches: Law Finance Psychology Economics Business Computer Science View all courses Scholarships We offer a range of scholarships for undergraduate, postgraduate (taught and research), international and current students. Check your eligibility Choosing Durham University Chat with an International Student Our student ambassadors are here to answer your questions about student life at Durham. They represent a range of different course and colleges. Why Durham? Durham is one of the world's leading universities, as shown by our world top 100 position in the QS World University Rankings 2026, ranking joint 94th. Nationally, we're consistently a top ten UK university and ranked 5th in the Guardian University Guide 2026. Chat with an International Student Our student ambassadors are here to answer your questions about student life at Durham. They represent a range of different course and colleges. Why Durham? Durham is one of the world's leading universities, as shown by our world top 100 position in the QS World University Rankings 2026, ranking joint 94th. Nationally, we're consistently a top ten UK university and ranked 5th in the Guardian University Guide 2026. Be informed. Get your personalised prospectus. Your prospectus - in just a few clicks. Undergraduate Prospectus Postgraduate Prospectus Colleges Guide Discover more Erasmus+ and Exchange At the heart of Durham's global student outlook are our study abroad, exchange and global opportunities programmes. These allow incoming international undergraduate students to spend time in Durham. Entry requirements We accept a wide range of qualifications from the UK and the rest of the world. If you aren't studying in a majority English speaking country, then you will need to demonstrate English language proficiency through an accepted English language test. Erasmus+ and Exchange At the heart of Durham's global student outlook are our study abroad, exchange and global opportunities programmes. These allow incoming international undergraduate students to spend time in Durham. Entry requirements We accept a wide range of qualifications from the UK and the rest of the world. If you aren't studying in a majority English speaking country, then you will need to demonstrate English language proficiency through an accepted English language test. Preparing for Durham When you arrive What you'll need to do when you arrive at Durham, including collecting your Biometric Residence Permit (BRP) and completing the Right to Study check, providing TB test information and registering with the Police (if you're required to). Pathway Programmes The Durham University International Study Centre offers the International Foundation Year, Pre-Masters and English Language Preparation programmes to prepare you for an undergraduate or postgraduate degree at Durham University. When you arrive What you'll need to do when you arrive at Durham, including collecting your Biometric Residence Permit (BRP) and completing the Right to Study check, providing TB test information and registering with the Police (if you're required to). Pathway Programmes The Durham University International Study Centre offers the International Foundation Year, Pre-Masters and English Language Preparation programmes to prepare you for an undergraduate or postgraduate degree at Durham University. Visa information If you don't have British (or Irish) nationality and you're planning to travel to the UK to study at Durham, you may need to apply for a visa before you travel. The type of visa / permission you need depends on the course you're coming to study. Read more about visa information I loved that staff were so well-versed in their subjects that everything that was taught was at the cutting edge of the topic! Danette Sitorus Geography Working in the UK Working during your study can be a good way of earning extra income and gaining valuable experience. Make sure that any work you do doesn't affect your study, we recommend that you limit part-time work to 12 hours per week. Read more Further information Fees and funding Application guidance International entry requirements English language requirements Fees and funding Application guidance International entry requirements English language requirements Get in touch Please get in touch if you have any questions about studying at Durham or our research. Ask us International Office The Palatine Centre Stockton Road Durham DH1 3LE Contact Durham University About us Durham University on Bluesky Durham University on Twitter Durham University on Facebook Durham University on LinkedIn Durham University on YouTube Durham University on Instagram Durham University on TikTok The University About us Jobs Contact us Visit us Our Colleges Academic Departments Ceremonies Statements and policies Notices Statement on Modern Slavery Freedom of expression Covid-19 information Website accessibility Student complaints and non-academic misconduct Safeguarding Business services Helping business Analytical services Global Durham International Consortia Research and partnerships Useful links Learn Ultra Banner Self-Service Staff directory Technician Commitment DU Hub (Internal) IT help and support The Palatine Centre Durham University Stockton Road Durham DH1 3LE Charitable status Disclaimer Trading name Cookie notice Privacy notices ©2026 Durham University