Skip to main content Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Expand Study Show submenu for Study Study sub-menu Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Wider Student Experience sub-menu Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Student support sub-menu Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Research and business sub-menu Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham Global Durham sub-menu World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Visit us sub-menu Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Search Search Open menu Study Show submenu for Study Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Search durham.ac.uk Search Close search Home Study International Regional Pages Central & South Asia International Explore International Studying in the UK submenu for "Studying in the UK" Why Durham? European (Erasmus+) Exchange Non-European Exchange Fee-Paying Study Abroad Agents and Representatives International Campus Visits Regional Information submenu for "Regional Information" Africa & Middle East Central & South Asia Mainland China East Asia and Australasia Europe Latin America & Caribbean North America South East Asia UK Application Guidance submenu for "Application Guidance" International Country-Specific Qualifications English Language Requirements Support Services How To Apply UK Qualifications Fees and Funding submenu for "Fees and Funding" Fee Status and Payment Foreign Loans International Scholarships, Awards and Bursaries Living Costs Application Fees and Post Offer Deposits (PG) College Residence Charges Visas submenu for "Visas" Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) Applying for a Student Visa Student Visa Requirements Your Family Student Visa: Money Required Studying as a Visitor Arrivals submenu for "Arrivals" International Meet and Greet service Information for pre-sessional students What to bring Life in Durham and the UK Things to do in Durham Meet and Greet FAQs Pathway Programmes submenu for "Pathway Programmes" International Foundation Year Pre-Masters English Preparation Open menu Studying in the UK Show submenu for Studying in the UK Why Durham? European (Erasmus+) Exchange Non-European Exchange Fee-Paying Study Abroad Agents and Representatives International Campus Visits Regional Information Show submenu for Regional Information Africa & Middle East Central & South Asia Mainland China East Asia and Australasia Europe Latin America & Caribbean North America South East Asia UK Application Guidance Show submenu for Application Guidance International Country-Specific Qualifications English Language Requirements Support Services How To Apply UK Qualifications Fees and Funding Show submenu for Fees and Funding Fee Status and Payment Foreign Loans International Scholarships, Awards and Bursaries Living Costs Application Fees and Post Offer Deposits (PG) College Residence Charges Visas Show submenu for Visas Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) Applying for a Student Visa Student Visa Requirements Your Family Student Visa: Money Required Studying as a Visitor Arrivals Show submenu for Arrivals International Meet and Greet service Information for pre-sessional students What to bring Life in Durham and the UK Things to do in Durham Meet and Greet FAQs Pathway Programmes Show submenu for Pathway Programmes International Foundation Year Pre-Masters English Preparation Central & South Asia Durham University is a globally outstanding centre of teaching and research excellence, with over one third of our students coming from an international background. Currently over 400 of our students are from across Central and South Asia. Read More Inspiring Excellence Scholarships £5K/£10K Recognising outstanding international students, at both undergraduate and postgraduate level. Support for Applicants We understand that it can be challenging knowing where to start when applying to an overseas University. At Durham there is a wide range of support available to students who live in Central & South Asia and are considering applying to Durham. We have a dedicated team who are on hand to answer any questions you have. Information for Central & South Asia applicants. Meet your Representatives Get in touch with the Central & South Asia Student Recruitment Team Events See our upcoming events to find out more about Durham India Entry Requirements Academic entry requirements for applicants from India Entry requirements for Central & South Asia Academic entry requirements for Central & South Asia English Language Requirements English Language requirements for applicants from Central & East Asia Scholarships Our scholarships support students from around the world International Study Centre If you do not meet the direct requirements, you have the option to study pathway programmes at the Durham University International Study Centre. Find out more. Central & South Asia Partnerships Find out more about our partnerships in Central & South Asia Meet your Representatives The Central & South Asia student recruitment team are there to help with any aspect of the application process. They would be happy to hear from you to assist with any questions you have. Meet us at an event Contact our India Office Our Partner Agents Matt Jarvis - Regional Manager Matt is responsible for international student recruitment across South Asia. To contact our in-country advisors in India, please contact india.team@durham.ac.uk Eleanor Garrick - Regional Manager Eleanor is responsible for international student recruitment across Central and East Asia, excluding China. Matt Jarvis - Regional Manager Matt is responsible for international student recruitment across South Asia. To contact our in-country advisors in India, please contact india.team@durham.ac.uk Eleanor Garrick - Regional Manager Eleanor is responsible for international student recruitment across Central and East Asia, excluding China. Email us Central & South Asia Events Meet the team at a recruitment event near you or online and find out more about Durham. In Person All timings displayed are local to the event location. Date Event Country City Location Timings (IST) 12th September 2026 AEC Overseas Fair India Pune TBD TBD 12th September 2026 Fateh Education Fair India Ahmedabad Radisson Blu 12pm to 4pm 18th September 2026 Chatrabhuj Narsee School India Mumbai Chatrabhuj Narsee School 12:30m to 4:30pm 19th September 2026 Don Bosco International School India Mumbai Don Bosco International School 8:30am to 1:30pm 19th September 2026 AEC Overseas Fair India Delhi/NCR AEC Delhi Office 1pm to 5pm 19th September 2026 Global Reach Event India Bangalore TBD All Day 17th October 2026 IPC Education Fair India Delhi/NCR Hyatt Regency Delhi 11am to 4:30pm 17th October 2026 Fateh Education Fair India Pune Hyatt Regency, Viman Nagar 11am to 4pm 18th October 2026 Fateh Education Fair India Mumbai ITC Maratha 11am to 4pm 24th October 2026 Fateh Education Fair India Delhi/NCR The Lalit 11am to 4pm 1st November 2026 Fateh Education Fair India Bangalore Taj MG Road 11am to 4pm 17th November 2026 StudyIn Global University Fair India Kolkata The Park 11am to 4pm 21st November 2026 StudyIn Global University Fair India Mumbai The Lalit 11am to 4pm 22nd November 2026 StudyIn Global University Fair India Bangalore Taj MG Road 11am to 4pm 28th November 2026 StudyIn Global University Fair India Delhi/NCR Eros Nehru Palace 11am to 4pm Online We currently have no upcoming online events. Please check back soon. Date Organiser & Registration link Location Times Representative If you have any questions about our events, please contact us at: India.team@durham.ac.uk I have really enjoyed being at a collegiate university. The college atmosphere, living and dining with other students, helps you form some of the deepest and strongest friendships of your life. There are also lots of extracurricular activities to get involved with." Rishiraj Goenka, BA Economics, India Visit Durham University You can book one of our personalised Campus Visits to find out more about our academic degree programmes and student life on campus. Visits start with a presentation from a member of staff from the International Office, followed by a guided tour from one of our student ambassadors. Book now Entry Requirements Central & East Asia Entry Requirements Bangladesh India Kazakhstan Pakistan Sri Lanka Turkey Bangladesh Undergraduate A*A*A Year 1 of a Bachelor degree at a recognised Bangladeshi university with GPA 3.5. A*AA Year 1 of a Bachelor degree at a recognised Bangladeshi university with GPA 3.5. AAA Year 1 of a Bachelor degree at a recognised Bangladeshi university with GPA 3.25. AAB Year 1 of a Bachelor degree at a recognised Bangladeshi university with GPA 3.25. ABB Year 1 of a Bachelor degree at a recognised Bangladeshi university with GPA 3.25. The Higher Secondary Certificate is not suitable for direct entry. We require students to complete an alternative qualification or a foundation programme for direct entry. Postgraduate A Bachelor degree with a grade range from 60% - 70% or GPA 3.1 - 3.8 depending on the awarding institution on the International Office's list. India Undergraduate A-level CBSE / ISC / State Board A*A*A Standard XII with an average score of 89% (best of 4 academic subjects, excluding Physical Education) A*AA Standard XII with an average score of 87% (best of 4 academic subjects, excluding Physical Education) AAA Standard XII with an average score of 85% (best of 4 academic subjects, excluding Physical Education) AAB Standard XII with an average score of 80% (best of 4 academic subjects, excluding Physical Education) Note: Standard XII from CBSE or CISCE Boards and some State Boards only are accepted for entry. State Boards considered on a case by case basis. Postgraduate A 3, 4 or 5-year Bachelor's degree from an approved Indian university with a score of 55%-65% depending on the institution. Kazakhstan Undergraduate The Attestat o Srednem Obrazovami (Certificate of Secondary Education) is not suitable for direct entry without additional qualifications. The below qualifications can be accepted for direct entry: One year of study on a bachelor's degree in a relevant subject at a Kazakh University with a minimum GPA of 3.0/4.0 or 4.0/5.0 Postgraduate A Bakalavr from a recognised Kazakh institution with a minimum GPA of 3.4/4.0, 4.3/5.0 or 85%. Pakistan Undergraduate A*A*A Pass year 1 of a Bachelors degree from a recognised university in a relevant subject with an overall grade of 65%+ (1st Division). A*AA Pass year 1 of a Bachelors degree from a recognised university in a relevant subject with an overall grade of 65%+ (1st Division). AAA Pass year 1 of a Bachelors degree from a recognised university in a relevant subject with an overall grade of 65%+ (1st Division). AAB Pass year 1 of a Bachelors degree from a recognised university in a relevant subject with an overall grade of 60%+ (1st Division). ABB Pass year 1 of a Bachelors degree from a recognised university in a relevant subject with an overall grade of 60%+ (1st Division). The Higher Secondary Certificate is not suitable for direct entry. We require students to complete an alternative qualification or a foundation programme for direct entry, please visit our Durham University International Study Centre website for more information). Postgraduate A 4-year undergraduate degree in a relevant subject from a recognised Pakistani university. Grade requirements will range from CGPA 2.7-3.5, depending on the institution. Students who have a 2 or 3-year Bachelors degree with a first division pass must also have a 2-year master's degree in a relevant subject with a first division pass (65%+) from an HEC recognised institution. Sri Lanka Undergraduate A*A*A Sri Lankan GCE A-Levels with grades AAA (grades 90%/90%/85%) A*AA Sri Lankan GCE A-Levels with grades AAA (grades 90%/85%/85%) AAA Sri Lankan GCE A-Levels with grades AAA (grades all 85% or above) AAB Sri Lankan GCE A-Levels with grades AAB (grades 85%/85%/74%) ABB Sri Lankan GCE A-Levels with grades ABB (grades 85%/74%/74%) The Certificate of Secondary Education (Maw 6) is not suitable for direct entry. We require students to complete an alternative qualification or a foundation programme for direct entry. Postgraduate Students with Bachelor's Special degree or Professional degree with grades of 70% (1st Class honours) from a recognised university will be considered for entry to taught Masters programmes at Durham University. Turkey For information about Entry requirements, please visit Turkey Entry Requirements Contact Durham University About us Durham University on Bluesky Durham University on Twitter Durham University on Facebook Durham University on LinkedIn Durham University on YouTube Durham University on Instagram Durham University on TikTok The University About us Jobs Contact us Visit us Our Colleges Academic Departments Ceremonies Statements and policies Notices Statement on Modern Slavery Freedom of expression Covid-19 information Website accessibility Student complaints and non-academic misconduct Safeguarding Business services Helping business Analytical services Global Durham International Consortia Research and partnerships Useful links Learn Ultra Banner Self-Service Staff directory Technician Commitment DU Hub (Internal) IT help and support The Palatine Centre Durham University Stockton Road Durham DH1 3LE Charitable status Disclaimer Trading name Cookie notice Privacy notices ©2026 Durham University