Skip to main content Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Expand Study Show submenu for Study Study sub-menu Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Wider Student Experience sub-menu Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Student support sub-menu Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Research and business sub-menu Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham Global Durham sub-menu World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Visit us sub-menu Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Search Search Open menu Study Show submenu for Study Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Search durham.ac.uk Search Close search Home Study Undergraduate How to Apply How to Apply Explore How to Apply Entry Requirements submenu for "Entry Requirements " UK Students International Students Law National Aptitude Test (LNAT) Mathematics Tests Study Options submenu for "Study Options" Placements Year Abroad Durham Colleges and Your Application What is a Personal Statement? What Happens to Your Application? submenu for "What Happens to Your Application?" Selection Process Contextual Offers Accreditation of Prior Learning (APL) Interviews and Selection Days Subject Option Choices Changes to your application Decisions and Replies submenu for "Decisions and Replies" Change Course Information for Unsuccessful Applicants Guidance for Teachers and Advisors Open menu Entry Requirements Show submenu for Entry Requirements UK Students International Students Law National Aptitude Test (LNAT) Mathematics Tests Study Options Show submenu for Study Options Placements Year Abroad Durham Colleges and Your Application Show submenu for Durham Colleges and Your Application What is a Personal Statement? Show submenu for What is a Personal Statement? What Happens to Your Application? Show submenu for What Happens to Your Application? Selection Process Contextual Offers Accreditation of Prior Learning (APL) Interviews and Selection Days Subject Option Choices Changes to your application Decisions and Replies Show submenu for Decisions and Replies Change Course Information for Unsuccessful Applicants Guidance for Teachers and Advisors Show submenu for Guidance for Teachers and Advisors Register your interest Get more tips and tricks about how to apply to Durham straight to your inbox. Register here Find a course Search Popular searches: Law Finance Psychology Economics Business Computer Science View all courses If you want to be challenged and inspired to achieve the extraordinary then we'd love to hear from you. Applying through UCAS If you're applying to us through UCAS , use our handy guide below to help you. 1. Deadlines For the best chance of receiving a Durham offer, you'll need to apply by the January UCAS Equal Consideration Date . Some universities may have different deadlines, for example if you're applying for Oxford, Cambridge, or Medicine, Dentistry or Veterinary Science, then the application deadline is 15 October. Your school or college may have their own deadline for you to apply so they have enough time to write your reference, so you'll need to bear this in mind. 2. Register Register with UCAS . If you're applying through school or college then you'll need a buzzword, so make sure you know what this is. If you're not applying through a school or college then you won't need a buzzword. When you register you'll be given a username, will need to create your own password, and will be given a UCAS personal ID. Make sure you keep these safe as you will need them a lot. 3. Start your application You can usually start your application from September for entry to university the following year. The online system lets you complete your application in stages - simply save as you go along and you can return to it later. The application is made up of different sections, including your personal details, qualifications, course choices, a personal statement and a reference. UCAS have some great guides to help you complete your application on their website You can choose up to five courses. Use the institution code D86 for Durham. 4. What happens next Once you've submitted your application to UCAS they will let you know they have received it and will send it to all of your university choices. Selection processes vary between universities and courses so don't worry if you don't hear from your choices straight away. When the universities you have applied to are ready to make their decisions, you'll be able to see them on at UCAS . What if you change your mind? Throughout your application, you may decide your interests are in another course, or perhaps your circumstances have changed and you'd like to change your year of entry. Read our guidance about changes to your application to tell you more about the changes which might be possible, plus when and how to request these. Hints and Tips 1. It's never too early to start thinking about the course you want to study. Do your online research and take advantage of Open Days, Campus Tours (virtual options available) and talking to current students to find out as much as you can about your subject and the universities you're interested in. You only have a maximum of 5 choices on your UCAS application, so it's important you take advantage of all the resources available to choose the right courses and universities for you. 2. Give yourself enough time to complete your application before the deadline - don't leave it until the last minute! You need to give yourself the best chance of getting an offer, so plan in enough time so you don't need to rush. 3. Double check each section before you submit your application. It's especially important that factual information is correct, especially the grades you achieved in your qualifications. 4. If you're using a school email address then don't forget to change this to a personal one before you leave. Most universities send you information by email and don't want you to miss important messages they might send during the summer months. 5. Don't forget, UCAS have lots of helpful hints and tips, including a video guide. Or you could Ask one of our friendly advisers, who are always happy to help. Study at Durham University Good luck with your application - and we hope to see you at Durham soon! Visit Us From iconic facilities to life-changing internships, Collingwood is unique. Surrounded by a talented team of staff who insist on knowing every student, there is no better place to begin your adult life. Toby Hillery Engineering, Collingwood College Undergraduate Admissions Statistics This information shows the number of places available and the number of applications received in admissions cycle. Find Out More Get in touch Have a question about applying for Durham University? Ask Us a Question Connect with a Student Contact Durham University About us Durham University on Bluesky Durham University on Twitter Durham University on Facebook Durham University on LinkedIn Durham University on YouTube Durham University on Instagram Durham University on TikTok The University About us Jobs Contact us Visit us Our Colleges Academic Departments Ceremonies Statements and policies Notices Statement on Modern Slavery Freedom of expression Covid-19 information Website accessibility Student complaints and non-academic misconduct Safeguarding Business services Helping business Analytical services Global Durham International Consortia Research and partnerships Useful links Learn Ultra Banner Self-Service Staff directory Technician Commitment DU Hub (Internal) IT help and support The Palatine Centre Durham University Stockton Road Durham DH1 3LE Charitable status Disclaimer Trading name Cookie notice Privacy notices ©2026 Durham University