Skip to main content Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Expand Study Show submenu for Study Study sub-menu Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Wider Student Experience sub-menu Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Student support sub-menu Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Research and business sub-menu Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham Global Durham sub-menu World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Visit us sub-menu Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Search Search Open menu Study Show submenu for Study Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Search durham.ac.uk Search Close search Home Study Undergraduate Fees and Funding Tuition Fees Fees and Funding Explore Fees and Funding Tuition Fees How to Pay Your Invoice Living and Other Costs submenu for "Living and Other Costs" Accommodation Costs Other Living Costs Course Costs Government Funding Durham Undergraduate Bursary Scheme Scholarships and Bursaries Student Support Fund Open menu Tuition Fees Show submenu for Tuition Fees How to Pay Your Invoice Show submenu for How to Pay Your Invoice Living and Other Costs Show submenu for Living and Other Costs Accommodation Costs Other Living Costs Course Costs Government Funding Show submenu for Government Funding Durham Undergraduate Bursary Scheme Show submenu for Durham Undergraduate Bursary Scheme Scholarships and Bursaries Show submenu for Scholarships and Bursaries Student Support Fund Show submenu for Student Support Fund Tuition Fees UK applicants The tuition fee level for home students starting their course in 2026/27 is £9,790. This tuition fee will increase to £10,050 in 2027/28. Please note that these figures remain subject to parliamentary approval. More information is available on the UK Government website: Changes to tuition fees: 2026 to 2027 academic year and 2027 to 2028 academic year - GOV.UK Durham University will charge home rate tuition fees up to the maximum allowed by the UK Government. Should the UK Government choose to increase the maximum tuition fee allowed in the second and subsequent years of your course, Durham University will raise tuition fees in line with UK Government policy and approvals. How are tuition fees paid? For UK students with an approved tuition fee loan, the Student Loan Company will pay the tuition fees directly to the University. You will only start to repay the tuition fee loan once you earn over the earnings threshold. The amount you then pay back each year will depend on what you earn (not on how much you have borrowed). Your annual repayments will not increase due to the change in tuition fees. There is more information on UK Government funding here: Government Funding - Durham University . Some students may choose to pay tuition fees directly themselves. Fees can be paid via direct debit, bank transfer, or debit/credit card. You can find information on how to do this here: How to Pay Your Invoice - Durham University . Tuition fees are payable for every year of your course (including during placement and study abroad). If you spend a year on placement or a year abroad as part of your course different tuition fees apply. If you spend a year on placement during academic year 2026/27 then the tuition fee is £1,958, and if you spend a year abroad during academic year 2026/27 then the tuition fee is £1,468.50. EU applicants Following the UK's exit from the European Union, students from the EU, EEA and Swiss nationals will no longer be eligible for home fee status or financial support from Student Finance England. Unless you are an EU, EEA or Swiss national benefitting from Citizens' Rights under the EU Withdrawal Agreement, EEA EFTA Separation Agreement or Swiss Citizens' Rights Agreement respectively then you will be charged overseas fees (which can be found using our courses search below). The Common Travel Area arrangement with Ireland The UK Government is firmly committed to maintaining the rights of Irish citizens to access higher and further education courses on a reciprocal basis. This includes rights to home fee status, tuition fee loans and maintenance support subject to meeting the eligibility criteria on the same basis as UK nationals. Irish citizens resident in the UK, Islands or Ireland for three years before the start of their course and undertaking a course in England will be eligible for home fee status, tuition fee loans and Advanced Learner Loans from Student Finance England on the same basis as UK nationals. International applicants For students starting their programme in 2025/26 (and later), fees will be subject to an annual inflationary increase and are expected to rise throughout the programme of study. The fee listed on the course database is for the first year of the course only; fees for subsequent years will be confirmed not less than 3 months before the start of the academic year to which the increase is intended to apply and will be published on the Finance webpages. In deciding the annual level of increase the University will take into account inflationary pressures on the costs of delivery. Tuition fees will rise annually by up to the higher of; 6%, or, the latest annual percentage increase in the Consumer Prices Index. Find a course Search Popular searches: Law Finance Psychology Economics Business Computer Science View all courses Contact Durham University About us Durham University on Bluesky Durham University on Twitter Durham University on Facebook Durham University on LinkedIn Durham University on YouTube Durham University on Instagram Durham University on TikTok The University About us Jobs Contact us Visit us Our Colleges Academic Departments Ceremonies Statements and policies Notices Statement on Modern Slavery Freedom of expression Covid-19 information Website accessibility Student complaints and non-academic misconduct Safeguarding Business services Helping business Analytical services Global Durham International Consortia Research and partnerships Useful links Learn Ultra Banner Self-Service Staff directory Technician Commitment DU Hub (Internal) IT help and support The Palatine Centre Durham University Stockton Road Durham DH1 3LE Charitable status Disclaimer Trading name Cookie notice Privacy notices ©2026 Durham University