Skip to main content Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Expand Study Show submenu for Study Study sub-menu Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Wider Student Experience sub-menu Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Student support sub-menu Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Research and business sub-menu Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham Global Durham sub-menu World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Visit us sub-menu Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Search Search Open menu Study Show submenu for Study Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Search durham.ac.uk Search Close search Home Study Undergraduate How to Apply Entry Requirements Grade Requirements for Qualifications Explore How to Apply Entry Requirements submenu for "Entry Requirements " UK Students International Students Law National Aptitude Test (LNAT) Mathematics Tests Study Options submenu for "Study Options" Placements Year Abroad Durham Colleges and Your Application What is a Personal Statement? What Happens to Your Application? submenu for "What Happens to Your Application?" Selection Process Contextual Offers Accreditation of Prior Learning (APL) Interviews and Selection Days Subject Option Choices Changes to your application Decisions and Replies submenu for "Decisions and Replies" Change Course Information for Unsuccessful Applicants Guidance for Teachers and Advisors Open menu Entry Requirements Show submenu for Entry Requirements UK Students International Students Law National Aptitude Test (LNAT) Mathematics Tests Study Options Show submenu for Study Options Placements Year Abroad Durham Colleges and Your Application Show submenu for Durham Colleges and Your Application What is a Personal Statement? Show submenu for What is a Personal Statement? What Happens to Your Application? Show submenu for What Happens to Your Application? Selection Process Contextual Offers Accreditation of Prior Learning (APL) Interviews and Selection Days Subject Option Choices Changes to your application Decisions and Replies Show submenu for Decisions and Replies Change Course Information for Unsuccessful Applicants Guidance for Teachers and Advisors Show submenu for Guidance for Teachers and Advisors Entry Requirements We accept a wide range of qualifications from the UK and the rest of the world for entry to our undergraduate courses. You can find the entry requirements for your chosen degree on UCAS Course Search or the Durham Courses Database . All courses require you to achieve certain grades in your qualifications, and some require prior study and knowledge of specific subjects, which we'll ask you to achieve at a particular grade. UCAS Course Search Grade Requirements for UK Qualifications Grade Requirements for UK Qualifications If you are holding or studying towards the Access to HE Diploma we need 60 credits with a minimum of 45 credits at level 3. International Entry Requirements We accept a wide range of qualifications from the UK and the rest of the world for entry to our undergraduate courses. Entry requirements per course will differ, and some courses may require previous study in certain subjects. Grade Requirements for UK Qualifications If you are holding or studying towards the Access to HE Diploma we need 60 credits with a minimum of 45 credits at level 3. International Entry Requirements We accept a wide range of qualifications from the UK and the rest of the world for entry to our undergraduate courses. Entry requirements per course will differ, and some courses may require previous study in certain subjects. How to Apply Choosing your subjects at A level (or equivalent) Choosing your subjects at A level (or equivalent) is really important, especially if you aspire to study at a leading university. The Russell Group guide, Informed Choices , has advice about the subjects you might choose if you have a particular degree in mind, or if you want to keep your options open. These won't be essential for all universities, not even Russell Group universities, but are intended to give you an idea of the most likely ones you might need (for example Informed Choices indicates that Geography is often essential to study Geography, but it isn't an essential subject to study Geography at Durham). Home, Heritage and Community language subjects We accept all language A levels (or equivalent), regardless of whether it's your main language or learned as an additional language. Overlapping subject course content When choosing which subjects to study, please be aware that some courses have an overlap in content and we may only be able to consider one of these courses as part of your three A levels (or equivalent). Some examples of courses which have overlapping course content include: A level English Language and A level English Language & Literature A level Chinese and A level Chinese Language & Literature BTEC Level 3 Diploma in Applied Psychology and BTEC Level 3 Subsidiary Diploma in Applied Psychology Scottish Higher in Mathematics and Scottish Advanced Higher in Mathematics Please Ask Us if you have any further questions. Entry requirements for International Students We accept a wide range of qualifications from the UK and the rest of the world for entry to our undergraduate courses. International Country Specific Qualifications European Country Specific Qualifications If you aren't studying in a majority English speaking country, then you will need to demonstrate English language proficiency through an accepted English language test. English Language Requirements International students who do not meet entry requirements for your undergraduate study have an option to study a pathway programme at Durham University International Study Centre. Upon successful completion, you will progress to your chosen degree at University. International Foundation Year Entry requirements Additional Selection Criteria Some courses also have additional selection criteria, such as tests or interviews that you must complete in order to be considered for a place. Primary Education and Foundation courses include an interview . For most undergraduate courses at Durham, you won't need to sit an additional test as part of the selection process. For courses in Law and Mathematics however, you are strongly encouraged to sit the subject specific test as these are used to help us select candidates to receive an offer. Law National Aptitude Test Mathematics Tests Get in touch Have a question about applying for Durham University? Ask Us a Question Connect with a Student Contact Durham University About us Durham University on Bluesky Durham University on Twitter Durham University on Facebook Durham University on LinkedIn Durham University on YouTube Durham University on Instagram Durham University on TikTok The University About us Jobs Contact us Visit us Our Colleges Academic Departments Ceremonies Statements and policies Notices Statement on Modern Slavery Freedom of expression Covid-19 information Website accessibility Student complaints and non-academic misconduct Safeguarding Business services Helping business Analytical services Global Durham International Consortia Research and partnerships Useful links Learn Ultra Banner Self-Service Staff directory Technician Commitment DU Hub (Internal) IT help and support The Palatine Centre Durham University Stockton Road Durham DH1 3LE Charitable status Disclaimer Trading name Cookie notice Privacy notices ©2026 Durham University