Skip to main content Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Expand Study Show submenu for Study Study sub-menu Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Wider Student Experience sub-menu Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Student support sub-menu Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Research and business sub-menu Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham Global Durham sub-menu World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Visit us sub-menu Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Search Search Open menu Study Show submenu for Study Undergraduate Postgraduate International Employability Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Our Colleges Enrichment activities Welcome and orientation Student support Show submenu for Student support Counselling and mental health service Disability support Student safety Harassment and sexual misconduct Research and business Show submenu for Research and business Current research University Research Institutes Helping business Facilities and services Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham World-wide research and partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit us Show submenu for Visit us Open days and visits Attractions For schools and colleges Location Alumni Library and Collections Business School Things To Do About us How to contact us Search durham.ac.uk Search Close search Home Study Scholarships International Durham Inspiring Excellence Scholarships Undergraduate Undergraduate Inspiring Excellence Scholarships Explore Inspiring Excellence Scholarships Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International student information Open menu Undergraduate study Show submenu for Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Show submenu for Postgraduate study International student information Show submenu for International student information Navigate page Summary The Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship is an invitation to International Students to achieve excellence at Durham. Scholarship applications will open in October 2026; you may register your interest by completing the Inspiring Excellence Scholarship 2027 - Expression of Interest Form . Each scholarship is a competitive partial scholarship award worth up to £15,000 - £30,000 over three years in tuition fee discounts towards the original tuition fee for an undergraduate programme starting in September 2027. The scholarships are available to all self-funded international applicants who select Durham University as their Firm Choice by the UCAS reply deadline and meet the eligibility criteria outlined below. This scholarship cannot be held in conjunction with any other scholarships, funding or awards. Amount The scholarship is offered in two award types: Inspiring Excellence £5k - up to £15,000 for three-year programmes (£5,000 per year) Inspiring Excellence £10k - up to £30,000 for three-year programmes (£10,000 per year) Year of Entry Scholarships are available for programmes commencing in 2027. Number of awards available Limited Level of study Undergraduate Eligible programmes Full-time in-person undergraduate programme at Durham University (BA (Hons) in Theology, Ministry and Mission and BA (Hons) in Theology and Religion are excluded). Duration Up to three years (subject to maintaining strong academic progress). Eligibility Criteria To be eligible for the Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship, applicants must: Be self-funded and not in receipt of any other scholarship, funding award, or sponsorship from Durham University or any external organisation. Be classified as Overseas student for tuition fee purposes. Hold a valid UCAS Personal ID. Have applied to full-time in-person undergraduate programme at Durham University. BA (Hons) in Theology, Ministry and Mission and BA (Hons) in Theology and Religion are excluded from this scholarship scheme. Select Durham University as Firm Choice by the UCAS reply deadline. Meet or exceed the entry requirements for the programme applied for at Durham University. Commence undergraduate studies at Durham University in September 2027. Not select Durham University as Insurance Choice. Not be admitted to Durham University through Clearing. Not be progressing to Durham University via the Durham University International Study Centre. Submit Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship Application Form. How to apply Apply for an eligible undergraduate programme via UCAS Apply for an eligible undergraduate programme at Durham University via UCAS before the equal consideration deadline on 13 January 2027 at 18:00 (UK Time) To apply for the Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship, you must provide a valid UCAS ID on the scholarship application form. However, you do not need to hold an academic offer at the time of scholarship application. Applicants who apply to a Durham programme after the UCAS equal consideration deadline are advised to submit their Inspiring Excellence Scholarship application in the 2nd Round. UCAS Applicant Portal Complete and submit the scholarship application form by the below deadlines In addition to submitting the academic application above, complete the Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship online application by: 1st round application deadline: 7 December 2026 (23:59 GMT) 2nd round application deadline: 15 March 2027 (23:59 GMT) Final round application deadline: 1 May 2027 (23:59 GMT) Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship Application Form (Application will open on 1 October 2026) Selection is based on the applicant's scholarship application responses, academic achievements and potential to make a positive impact after completing a postgraduate degree at Durham University. In addition, nationality diversity and balance across programmes will also be considered in the selection process. Please note: if you fail to receive an academic offer before the deadline for the 1st round selection, or you are unsuccessful in the 1st round selection, you will be automatically considered for the 2nd round selection. You do not need to submit the scholarship application form again. Guidance Please read our Inspiring Excellence Scholarship (UG) Terms & Conditions document. For any other queries, please get in touch . Terms and Conditions The Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship applies to courses commencing in September 2027 only. The scholarship award is not transferable and not deferrable. In cases where the scholarship recipient defers enrolment, the scholarship award will be withdrawn. The Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship will be applied as a tuition fee discount directly to the undergraduate programme tuition fees. No cash alternative is offered. The tuition fees will be adjusted at the time of enrolment at Durham University. The Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship cannot be held in conjunction with any other scholarship, funding award, or sponsorship from Durham University or any external organisation. Applicants and scholarship recipients are required to disclose any scholarship, funding award, bursary, or sponsorship received from Durham University or any external organisation. Where an applicant or scholarship recipient fails to disclose any other scholarship, funding award, bursary, or sponsorship, Durham University reserves the right to withdraw the scholarship offer and recover, on a pro rata basis, any scholarship fee discount already made. The Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship is available only to students who are classified as Overseas fee status. Applicants with Home fee status are not eligible for the scholarship. Applicants and scholarship recipients must promptly notify the Inspiring Excellence Scholarship Team of any change to their tuition fee status. Where an applicant or scholarship recipient is initially classified as Overseas fee status but subsequently has their fee status changed to Home, they will no longer be eligible for the scholarship. Durham University reserves the right to withdraw the scholarship and recover, on a pro rata basis, any scholarship fee discount received to which the recipient is no longer entitled. Selected applicants will be notified by email on 18 December 2026, 29 March 2027, or 15 May 2027 and will receive a conditional scholarship offer. Confirmation of the scholarship is subject to the recipient meeting all conditions set out below: The scholarship recipient must respond to the scholarship offer and complete the Scholarship Response Form by the set deadline stated on the scholarship offer email. The scholarship recipient must confirm Durham University as Firm choice by UCAS reply deadline. The scholarship recipient must meet all academic conditions stated on their UCAS offer, secure an unconditional place on their chosen undergraduate degree programme, and enrol at Durham University to commence their undergraduate studies in September 2027. The scholarship offer will be withdrawn if any of the above conditions are not met. Applicants who select Durham University as their Insurance Choice or enrol through Clearing will not be eligible for the Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship. Applicants who initially select Durham University as their Insurance Choice and subsequently change Durham University to their Firm Choice will remain ineligible for the scholarship. Applicants who receive an offer from Durham University and select Durham University as their Firm Choice but fail to meet the conditions of their offer or decline their offer via UCAS, and are subsequently admitted through Clearing, will not be eligible for the scholarship. Applicants who progress to Durham University via the Durham University International Study Centre are not eligible for the Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship. The Durham Inspiring Excellence Undergraduate Scholarship are offered for up to three years, with the second and third year of scholarship award dependent on ongoing strong academic progress. Inspiring Excellence 5k: scholarship recipient must pass all modules and achieve an overall mark of at least 60% each year to continue receiving the award. Inspiring Excellence 10k: scholarship recipient must pass all modules and achieve an overall mark of at least 70% each year to continue receiving the £10,000 award. Inspiring Excellence 10k: scholarship recipient who pass all modules and achieve at least 60% overall mark but fall short of 70% will receive the £5,000 award in the following year instead. Inspiring Excellence 5k and Inspiring Excellence 10k: scholarship recipient who fail to pass all modules or fail to achieve an overall mark of below 60% will not be eligible to receive the scholarship for the following academic year. Where scholarship recipients register for a programme with a Placement or Study Abroad year, the award will be applied to year one, two and four. The continuation of the award to year four will depend on performance in year two. The scholarship award is not applicable during the Placement or Study Abroad year. Scholarship recipients must obtain prior approval from the International Office before making any changes to their programme of study, including course transfers, programme changes, or interruptions to study. Scholarship recipients who suspend their studies will have all future scholarship fee discount withdrawn. Durham University reserves the right to withdraw the scholarship and recover, on a pro rata basis, any scholarship fee discount received to which the recipient is no longer entitled. In exceptional circumstances, such as medical conditions, they must notify the Inspiring Excellence Scholarship Team as soon as reasonably practicable. Any exception will be considered on a case-by-case basis and at the sole discretion of the Inspiring Excellence Scholarship Team. Scholarship recipients are expected to participate in and support marketing and communications activities on behalf of their faculty and/or Durham University ("Scholarship Commitments"). These activities may include providing testimonials, participating in public relations opportunities, attending open events and webinars, acting as a student ambassador, or serving as a student representative. Scholarship recipients who fail to fulfil their Scholarship Commitments may have future scholarship fee discount withdrawn. Durham University reserves the right to withdraw the scholarship and recover, on a pro rata basis, any scholarship fee discount received to which the recipient is no longer entitled. In exceptional circumstances, where a scholarship recipient is temporarily unable to fulfil their Scholarship Commitments, they must notify the Inspiring Excellence Scholarship Team as soon as reasonably practicable. Any exception will be considered on a case-by-case basis and at the sole discretion of the Inspiring Excellence Scholarship Team. Durham University makes every effort to ensure that the information published or contained on its website is accurate. However, the University cannot guarantee the information may not subsequently be altered owing to circumstances beyond the University's reasonable control. Such circumstances include (but are not limited to) changes in Government policy or change of law. Whilst any changes will be incorporated into the University's website any person wishing to clarify the details of a particular scholarship/s should contact the University at inspiring.excellence@durham.ac.uk Get in touch If you have any questions about whether you are eligible for a scholarship or the application process, get in touch with our International Office. Ask us about your eligibility Contact Durham University About us Durham University on Bluesky Durham University on Twitter Durham University on Facebook Durham University on LinkedIn Durham University on YouTube Durham University on Instagram Durham University on TikTok The University About us Jobs Contact us Visit us Our Colleges Academic Departments Ceremonies Statements and policies Notices Statement on Modern Slavery Freedom of expression Covid-19 information Website accessibility Student complaints and non-academic misconduct Safeguarding Business services Helping business Analytical services Global Durham International Consortia Research and partnerships Useful links Learn Ultra Banner Self-Service Staff directory Technician Commitment DU Hub (Internal) IT help and support The Palatine Centre Durham University Stockton Road Durham DH1 3LE Charitable status Disclaimer Trading name Cookie notice Privacy notices ©2026 Durham University