请输入关键字 OK Cn Home About Us About PKU Message from the Division Leader Reach Us Contact Us Admission Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Exchange Program Visiting Student Program Yuke/Pre-university Program International Summer Institute International Short-term Courses PKU Global Open Courses Scholarships Scholarship Notices Scholarship Programs Campus Culture Diverse Activities Understanding China Understanding the World Daily Guidance Academic Guidance Daily Service Accommodation Visa Procedures Graduation Procedures Regulations Academic Qualifications and Degree Matters Internships and Employment Policies Employment Information Internship Information Alumni Downloads Program Brochures Applications Scholarships Handbooks Department/School-related 2026 Undergraduate Program Without Written Examination Peking University was founded during the Reform Movement of 1898. Originally named the Imperial University of Peking, it was China's first national comprehensive university and also the highest administrative organ for education in China at that time. Its establishment marked the beginning of the state's sponsorship of higher education in China and thus initiated the modern educational system in the country. Since its founding, Peking University has enjoyed a lofty reputation and can be described as "inheriting the tradition of the Imperial Academy in ancient times and establishing the foundation of modern universities". I.Basic information Peking University is currently one of the universities with the most comprehensive range of disciplines in China. It has seven faculties, Humanities, Social Sciences, Economics and Management, Sciences, Information Science and Technology, Engineering, and Medical Sciences. There are a total of 11 disciplinary categories, 51 undergraduate major categories, and 137 undergraduate majors. The university adheres to talent cultivation as its core mission and makes great efforts to enable students to have the best learning and growth experiences. The study duration for undergraduate international students is between 4 to 6 years, with Chinese as the medium of instruction. Those who complete the requirements in the training program and pass the thesis defense can obtain the graduation certificate. Those who meet the requirements for the bachelor's degree will be awarded a bachelor's degree. The program without written examination refers to the admission path for applicants with international or national standardized test scores that meet the requirements to enter the secondary examination assessment of Peking University undergraduate programs for international students. It aims to broaden the diverse admission channels, attract more high-quality international students to study at Peking University, and cultivate innovative and leading talents with the essence of Peking University, sense of Chinese culture, and international perspective for the whole world. II.Admissions Departments and Colleges Please refer to: https://isd.pku.edu.cn/en/detail.php?id=529 III.Application Prerequisites 1. The applicant must be a non-Chinese citizen holding a valid foreign passport, meeting the relevant provisions of the Nationality Law of the People's Republic of China. In principle, applicants must be between the ages of 18 and 25 (calculated from 1 September 2001 to 1 September 2008), physically and mentally fit, have good moral character, be friendly toward China and have no criminal record, have graduated from high school or above. 2. For applicants who have foreign nationality at birth and both or one of their parents is a Chinese citizen at the time of birth, or who were originally residents of Chinese Mainland (mainland), Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, and later immigrated abroad and obtained foreign nationality, they must meet the requirements of the document [Teaching Foreign Affairs Letter [2020] No.12] issued by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China, and submit corresponding certification materials according to the school's enrollment requirements. Whether the applicant holds both foreign nationality and the nationality of the People's Republic of China shall be determined by the nationality determination conclusion of the relevant management department of the Chinese public security organizations. (1) If the applicant obtains foreign nationality upon birth in a foreign country and both parents or one of the parents is Chinese citizen at the time of birth, the applicant's parents (Chinese citizens) must obtain permanent residency in a foreign country before the applicant's birth, and the applicant must have a record of actual residence abroad for more than 2 years from April 30, 2022 to April 30, 2026 (actual residence in a foreign country for 9 months within a year can be counted as one year, based on entry and exit stamps). (2) Residents of Chinese Mainland (Mainland), Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, after emigrating to foreign countries, as international student applicants, must acquire foreign nationality before April 30, 2022, and have a record of actual residence abroad for more than 2 years from April 30, 2022 to April 30, 2026 (actual residence in a foreign country for 9 months within a year can be counted as one year, based on entry and exit stamps). 3. The applicant must have the required certificate of Chinese proficiency, test scores of international or national university entrance exams. 4. The applicant must have comprehensive qualities, excellent academic performance, lofty aspirations, possess excellent development potential, strong sense of social responsibility, and broad international vision. IV.Application Materials 1.Material Requirements All application materials must be in Chinese or English, and materials in other languages must be accompanied by notarized Chinese or English translations. Templates and instructions of some materials are provided, which can be downloaded by clicking. Upload electronic materials in the online application system of Peking University. The final admitted candidate must bring and submit the original relevant materials upon registration. Please keep all materials properly. 2.List of Materials (1) Foreign passport homepage (personal information page). The applicant should submit the application with a foreign ordinary passport, which should be valid beyond March 31, 2027 in principle; Currently, applicants in China are also required to provide their residence permit or visa. (2) Proof of nationality documents. A. Applicants who obtained foreign nationality at the time of birth and whose parents were or one of the parents is Chinese citizens at the time of birth must provide: ① proof of foreign nationality obtained by the applicant at birth ② proof of permanent residence of the applicant's parents (Chinese citizens) in a foreign country before birth. If unable to provide, must submit their relevant nationality certification documents ③ entry and exit records from April 30, 2022 to April 30, 2026 ④ nationality guarantee letter (click to download) . B. Applicants who have emigrated from China to become foreign nationals need to provide: ① Chinese nationality withdrawal certificate ② Chinese residence registration cancellation certificate ③ certificate of foreign nationality accession ④ entry and exit records from April 30, 2022 to April 30, 2026 ⑤ nationality guarantee letter (click to download) . 3. Proof of full-time high school education. Students expected to graduate should provide an official certificate for graduation expectation. 4. Exam score report or official estimated score report that meets the requirements for application without written examination, as well as Chinese proficiency score or proof. Please refer to the score requirements for application without written examination (click to view) . 5. Transc ript of all courses completed in high school. 6. Two written letters of recommendation. 7. Personal statement. 8. Award certificates and relevant supporting documents (if any) 9. Commitment Letter for Applicants (click to download) . Applications without a commitment letter will not be accepted. 10. Self-introduction video for candidates (click to download) . 11. Application Form for Undergraduate Admission of Foreign Students at Peking University (downloaded and printed after successful online registration). The application form must include a recent 2-inch white background color passport photo of the applicant. 12. Other supplementary materials required to be provided. V. Application Method 1.Online application. Applicants should register at the online application system of Peking University for international students (website http://www.studyatpku.com). Select "Degree Students", choose "Written Test Exemption Application for Undergraduate Program", fill in the application information and upload relevant documents. Applicants are not allowed to apply for two or more undergraduate programs for international student admission at Peking University at the same time. There will be two rounds of application for undergraduate applicants without written examination, the applicants are only allowed to apply for either one: Round 1: The online application system will be open from 12:00 on 19 December 2025 (Friday) to 23:59 on 28 February 2026 (Saturday) (all above are Beijing time), based on the time when applicants first submit their information. Round 2: The online application system will be open from 12:00 on 12 June 2026 (Friday) to 23:59 on 10 July 2026 (Friday) (all above are Beijing time). 2.Application fee payment. After submitting the online application, applicants must pay the application fee. Applications with unpaid application fees will not be processed. 3.Preliminary review and secondary examination. Peking University will conduct a preliminary review of applicants' qualifications and materials, and only those who pass can participate in the secondary examination. The secondary examination will be held between mid-March to mid-July 2026, please refer to further notice regarding secondary examination for the specific time and arrangement. 4.Pre-admission. Pre-admission will be granted only if the applicant has passed the secondary examination. The name list for preliminary examination, secondary examination and the results of pre-admission can be found in the online application system. Peking University will still review the information and documents of applicants after pre-admission. If any irregularities or falsifications are found, admission will be cancelled immediately and relevant responsibility will be investigated. 5.Enrollment. The university will issue admission documents from June 2026 and students should arrive with relevant documents for registration in September 2026. The specific time and arrangement are subject to the notice of registration. VI. Related Fees 1.Application fee. 800 RMB, payable online when submitting the online application. The application fee is non-refundable. 2.Tuition fee. Further notice will be given after approval. Payment can only be made through online payment, UnionPay card, or RMB cash. VII. Scholarships for Foreign Students The undergraduate students who are ultimately admitted can apply for corresponding scholarships according to relevant regulations. All scholarship recipients are required to participate in the annual evaluation as required. 1. Chinese Government Scholarship (1) Qualification requirements Applicants for Chinese government scholarships must participate in the "China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA)" organized by the China Scholarship Council of the Ministry of Education and submit valid scores. Applicants can visit the official website of CSCA（ https://www.csca.cn ）to check the specific testing time and content. Applicants who apply to the departments of the Faculty of Science, the Faculty of Information Science and Technology, and the Faculty of Engineering at Peking University must take at least one elective course in Physics or Chemistry, in addition to the mandatory exams of Chinese and Mathematics for science subjects. Applicants for other departments are required to take both the Chinese and Mathematics exams for humanities subjects. All the above tests must choose Chinese papers. (2) Application path This scholarship (Type A country program) must be applied through the dispatching department of the home country (such as the Chinese embassy or consulate abroad). Please consult the relevant department in advance for specific arrangements. Applicants must log in to the "Chinese Government Scholarship for Studying in China Management Information System" (studyinchina.csc.edu.cn) to complete registration, select the "Type A" scholarship when filling out the application form, and choose Peking University as their first-preferred university. Chinese government scholarship candidates recommended by the China Scholarship Council to our school must pass our school's qualification review and interview before being eligible for pre-admission. (3) Funding Standards Exemption from tuition fees, provision of accommodation, provision of medical insurance, and monthly payment of living expenses. 2. Beijing Government Scholarship for International Students and Peking University Scholarship for International Students (1) Application Methods Qualified applicants will be awarded the "Beijing Government Scholarship for International Students" or "Peking University Scholarship for International Students" based on comprehensive evaluation by the school, and there is no need for applicants to apply separately. Please ensure that the contact information provided during the application is accurate and valid, and check the email notification in time. (2) Funding Standards Peking University Scholarship for International Students: Exemption form full or partial tuition fees, provision of medical insurance, and monthly payment of living expenses. Beijing Government Scholarship for International Students: Type A: Exemption from tuition fees, provision of accommodation, provision of medical insurance, and monthly payment of living expenses. Type B: Exemption from tuition fees, provision of accommodation, and provision of medical insurance. Type C: Exemption from tuition fees and provision of medical insurance. VIII. Medical Insurance Students are required to purchase the Comprehensive Insurance Plan for International Students (please refer to: http://www.lxbx.net). Students must finish insurance purchase before registration. Students who do not have required medical insurance are not allowed to register. IX. Accommodation Except for students with Scholarship covering accommodation, other students are required to arrange and pay for their own accommodation during their study period. Peking University has dormitories of different specifications and conditions for students to reserve. Students who live off-campus must go to the local public security authorities to register for accommodation within 24 hours after moving in. X. Visa Students must apply for an X1 visa to enter China with their Letter of Admission and the Application Form for Study Visa in China (Form JW201/202) at the Chinese Embassy/Consulate in their respective country. Within 30 days of entry into China, one must apply to the university for the conversion into a Residence Permit for study purposes. XI. Contact Information International Students Division, Office of International Relations, Room 324, New Sun Student Center, Peking University, Beijing, People's Republic of China Postcode: 100871 E-mail: study@pku.edu.cn Tel: (+86-10)-6275-1230 Fax: (+86-10)-6275-1233 Website: http://www.isd.pku.edu.cn Important Notice 1. The applicant must carefully verify whether they meet the relevant qualifications and requirements before submitting the application, and pay attention to various documents and notices released or sent by the university through official channels. The consequences caused by the applicant's personal negligence or other reasons shall be borne by the applicant. 2. The applicant shall ensure that all application information and materials are true, compliant, and complete. If false information, falsified materials, violations of regulations, or fraudulent behavior are found, once verified, the application, admission, or enrollment qualifications will be cancelled; Those discovered after enrollment will be expelled from school. 3. Candidates who intend to apply for Peking University Health Science Center must follow the admission brochure published by Peking University Health Science Center. For relevant information, please refer to the website of Peking University Health Science Center . 4. Any matters not covered shall be handled in accordance with the relevant policies of the higher authorities and the school. If there is any adjustment, please refer to the corresponding notice. *In case of any discrepancy between the Chinese and English versions, the Chinese version shall prevail. International Students Division (New Sun Student Center), Office of International Relations, Peking University, Haidian District, Beijing 86-10-62751230 Peking University | PKU Office of International Relations | PKU Health Science Center | PKU Shenzhen Graduate School | PKU New Yanyuan | China Scholarship Council | Center For Language Education and Cooperation | Chinese Service Center for Scholarly Exchange | Study In China | Student Insurance COPyright 2021 Peking University Study Abroad Office ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Jing ICP Bei No.05065075-1