请输入关键字 OK Cn Home About Us About PKU Message from the Division Leader Reach Us Contact Us Admission Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Exchange Program Visiting Student Program Yuke/Pre-university Program International Summer Institute International Short-term Courses PKU Global Open Courses Scholarships Scholarship Notices Scholarship Programs Campus Culture Diverse Activities Understanding China Understanding the World Daily Guidance Academic Guidance Daily Service Accommodation Visa Procedures Graduation Procedures Regulations Academic Qualifications and Degree Matters Internships and Employment Policies Employment Information Internship Information Alumni Downloads Program Brochures Applications Scholarships Handbooks Department/School-related 2026 Score Requirements for Undergraduate Program Without Written Examination Appendix 1: Score Requirements for Internationally Recognized Examinations Examination Type SAT IB A-Level ACT Score Requirement Total SAT score≥ 1400；Results from three AP courses must additionally be submitted; the subjects must not be similar or identical AP score ≥ 4. IB Diploma obtained; The courses taken must be relevant to the intended major; Results from at least three Higher Level (HL) courses; Total score ≥ 36. The courses taken must be relevant to the intended major, with results from at least three subjects, and no grade lower than ABB. Total score ≥ 30，and the writing component is required. Chinese Language Proficiency Requirement HSK 6 with score ≥ 210 HSK 6 with score ≥ 210, or a score of 6 or above in IB HL Chinese course examination. HSK 6 with score ≥ 210, or a grade of A or above in Chinese course examinations. HSK 6 with score ≥ 210. Remarks Scores from language-based courses in AP or A-Level examinations are for reference only and will not be included in the application score assessment. Applicants applying to the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology, College of Engineering, or School of Economics and Management are required to present mathematics-related examination results Appendix 2: National Examination Score Requirements Country Examination Type Score Requirements China Undergraduate Academic Proficiency Test for Studying in China (CSCA) Selection will be conducted on a competitive basis according to CSCA examination results. Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science, School of Information Science and Technology, and College of Engineering must, in addition to Chinese (Science stream) and Mathematics, take at least one subject from Physics or Chemistry. Applicants applying to other schools must take Chinese (Arts stream) and Mathematics. All of the above examinations must be taken using Chinese-language test papers. Austria Matura Overall Matura≤2； For applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management , the Mathematics score must be ≤1.5 Australia Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) ATAR rank≥90， Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must present mathematics-related results . Germany Abitur Average Abiturscore≤1.5 France Baccalauréat (bac) Total bac score≥15（Bien）, Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must select Mathematics in the final bac examination , with a score ≥15 Finland Matriculation Examination Total score≥20, applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must have a Mathematics (Advanced) grade not lower than E (5 points) . Netherlands VWO Average score≥7.0 Canada Provincial High School Diplomas 1. Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD): Six 4U/M-level academic courses, with an average score ≥ 84% (no failing records). 2. Quebec (DEC) and Diplôme d'études collégiales universitaires (DCS): Three core academic courses at the CEGEP stage, with an average score ≥ 84% (R score ≥ 22). 3. British Columbia High School Diploma (Dogwood Diploma): Five Grade 12 academic courses, with an average score ≥ 84% (no failing records). 4. Alberta Diploma: Five Grade 12 academic courses, with an average score ≥ 84%. 5. Other Provincial High School Diplomas: Five Grade 12 academic courses, with an average score ≥ 84%. Spain EBAU Final converted score≥9.0 New Zealand National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must have a total score ≥ 230 , with at least 18 credits relevant to the applied department . Applicants applying to other departments must have a total score ≥ 180 . Republic of Korea College Scholastic Ability Test(CSAT) The three core subjects of Mathematics, English, and Korean Language must all be graded at Level 1 ; other subjects must be graded at Level 1 or Level 2 . High school academic transc ripts must also be submitted. For internal high school assessments, grades must be no lower than Level 2 under the 9-level grading system , and no lower than Level 1 under the 5-level grading system . Malaysia UEC or STPM 1. UEC: Specific score requirements are detailed in Appendix 3 . 2. STPM: Results in at least three core subjects must reach A or A-, or results in three core subjects must be at least AAB. Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science, School of Informati on Science and Technology , and College of Engineering must have A grades in Advanced Mathematics (Mathematics) and Physics/Chemistry . Applicants applying to relevant departments of the School of Economics and Management must have an A grade in Mathematics , with excellent results in subjects such as Economics and Accounting . Singapore Singapore A-Level Examination; Polytechnic Diploma 1. Applicants using Singapore A-Level results: The courses taken must be relevant to the intended major. Results in at least three H2 subjects must be no lower than ABB. H1 Chinese at the A-Level must be Grade A or above. 2. Applicants using Polytechnic Diploma results: GPA ≥ 3.80. Brazil ENEM Total ENEM score ≥ 700 . Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must have a Mathematics score ≥ 750 . South Africa NSC For specific score requirements, please refer to Appendix 4. Iran Konkur Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must be ranked within the top 1%-2% nationwide in the Konkūr examination. Applicants applying to other departments must be ranked within the top 3% nationwide in the Konkūr examination. Applicants must provide one of the following Chinese language proficiency results or certifications: HSK Level 6 with a score of 210 or above; an IB Chinese HL course examination score of 6 or above; an A-Level Chinese grade of A or above; or a UEC Chinese language course result of A1 or A2. Appendix 3: UEC Examination Score Requirements for Malaysia Faculty School/Department Total Points Distinction Subjects (A1/A2) Counted Subjects Not exceeding Faculty of Humanities; Faculty of Social Sciences Department of Chinese Language and Literature; Department of History; Department of Philosophy; School of Archaeology and Museology; School of Arts; School of Journalism and Communication; Law School; School of International Studies; School of Government; Department of Sociology; Department of Information Management Chinese Choose any three subjects from: History, Geography, Advanced Mathematics, Advanced Mathematics I, Advanced Mathematics II, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Business Studies, Bookkeeping, Accounting, Economics 10 points Faculty of Economics and Management Guanghua School of Management; School of Economics Chinese English Advanced Mathematics / Advanced Mathematics I / Advanced Mathematics II Choose any two subjects from: History, Geography, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Business Studies, Bookkeeping, Accounting, Economics 10 points Faculty of Sciences; Faculty of Information and Engineering Sciences School of Mathematical Sciences; College of Engineering; School of Electronics Engineering and Computer Science; School of Earth and Space Sciences; College of Urban and Environmental Sciences; School of Life Sciences; College of Chemistry and Molecular Engineering; School of Physics; School of Psychological and Cognitive Sciences Chinese Advanced Mathematics II English; Choose any two subjects from: Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Geography 10 points Interdisciplinary Studies Yuanpei College Chinese English Choose any three subjects from: History, Geography, Advanced Mathematics, Advanced Mathematics I, Advanced Mathematics II, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Business Studies, Bookkeeping, Accounting, Economics 10 points Appendix 4: South Africa NSC Score Requirements Applicants need to meet the requirements of any one of the following systems. System Submitted Materials and Basic Requirements Additional Requirements IEB NSC+FS Results from three FS subjects , each with a score of 70% or above . Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must have at least one subject with a score of 80% or above . IEB NSC Excluding Life Orientation , the best five NSC subjects are considered, among which three subjects must reach Level 7 and two subjects must reach Level 6 or above . Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must have four subjects at Level 7 and one subject at Level 6 or above , and must include Mathematics and one subject relevant to the intended major . DBE NSC Excluding Life Orientation , the best five NSC subjects are considered, among which three subjects must reach Level 7 and two subjects must reach Level 6 or above . NBTs test results are also required: at least two components must achieve a "Proficient" rating, and the remaining one must achieve "Intermediate" or above . Applicants applying to relevant departments of the Faculty of Science , School of Information Science and Technology , College of Engineering , and School of Economics and Management must have one subject at Level 6 or above , and must include Mathematics and one subject relevant to the intended major . International Students Division (New Sun Student Center), Office of International Relations, Peking University, Haidian District, Beijing 86-10-62751230 Peking University | PKU Office of International Relations | PKU Health Science Center | PKU Shenzhen Graduate School | PKU New Yanyuan | China Scholarship Council | Center For Language Education and Cooperation | Chinese Service Center for Scholarly Exchange | Study In China | Student Insurance COPyright 2021 Peking University Study Abroad Office ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Jing ICP Bei No.05065075-1