请输入关键字 OK Cn Home About Us About PKU Message from the Division Leader Reach Us Contact Us Admission Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Exchange Program Visiting Student Program Yuke/Pre-university Program International Summer Institute International Short-term Courses PKU Global Open Courses Scholarships Scholarship Notices Scholarship Programs Campus Culture Diverse Activities Understanding China Understanding the World Daily Guidance Academic Guidance Daily Service Accommodation Visa Procedures Graduation Procedures Regulations Academic Qualifications and Degree Matters Internships and Employment Policies Employment Information Internship Information Alumni Downloads Program Brochures Applications Scholarships Handbooks Department/School-related About Peking University Originated as the Imperial University of Peking in 1898, Peking University was China's first national comprehensive university and the supreme education authority at the time. Since the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949, it has developed into a comprehensive university with fundamental education and research in both humanities and science. The reform and opening-up of China in 1978 has ushered in a new era for the University unseen in history. And its merger with Beijing Medical University in 2000 has geared itself up for all-round and vibrant growth in such fields as science, engineering, medicine, agriculture, humanities and social sciences. Supported by the "211 Project" and the "985 Project", the University has made remarkable achievements, such as optimizing disciplines, cultivating talents, recruiting high-caliber teachers, as well as teaching and scientific research, which paves the way for a world-class university. More Message from the Division Leader Dear Students, Welcome to the official website of the International Students Division, Office of International Relations, Peking University! Peking University has been attracting ambitious young people from all over the world. Here, the ancient historical heritage and cutting-edge academic innovation blend harmoniously, constructing an ideal sanctuary for every student's growth and exploration. The International Students Division, serving as a steadfast support for international students at Peking University in the Yanyuan campus, undertakes multiple responsibilities and is dedicated to conducting professional management and services for international students. Leveraging the top-notch faculty and disciplinary advantages of Peking University, we have established a three-dimensional study-abroad education system that encompasses degree and non-degree programs, long-term and short-term programs, Chinese and English courses, as well as practical research and study activities, striving to meet the multi-disciplinary and multi-level educational demands of students from all corners of the globe. We formulate development plans for international students to assist each student in finding the most fulfilling growth path at Peking University. Moreover, we provide considerate services such as handling various procedures and foster a diverse campus cultural atmosphere, enabling everyone to feel the warmth of home even in a foreign land. To help international students better integrate into the campus life of Yanyuan, experience the charm of Beijing, and understand Chinese culture, we also step out of the campus and organize a series of rich and colorful cultural exchange activities. These activities, like numerous windows, allow students to closely experience the profoundness of traditional Chinese culture, feel the vibrant pulse of modern society, and promote mutual understanding, harvest friendships, and broaden their horizons in cross-cultural exchanges and collisions. We look forward to joining hands with you to write your own chapter of youth on this land of Peking University full of possibilities. We are looking forward to seeing you in the Yanyuan campus! Reach Us Contact Us Telephone Degree and Visiting Student Programs 86-10-62751230 Chinese Language Summer School 86-10-62757362 Yuke/Pre-uni Program 86-10-62751230 Summer School International 86-10-62755015 Cooperative Programs 86-10-62750063 Please dial 86-010-62751230 at summer and winter breaks. Fax 86-10-62751233 Zip code 100871 Email Degree and Visiting Student Programs study@pku.edu.cn Yuke/Pre-uni Program study@pku.edu.cn Chinese Language Summer School pkuclss@pku.edu.cn Summer School International summerpku@pku.edu.cn Visa Accommodation Insurance Contact us Reach Us International Students Division (New Sun Student Center), Office of International Relations, Peking University, Haidian District, Beijing 86-10-62751230 Peking University | PKU Office of International Relations | PKU Health Science Center | PKU Shenzhen Graduate School | PKU New Yanyuan | China Scholarship Council | Center For Language Education and Cooperation | Chinese Service Center for Scholarly Exchange | Study In China | Student Insurance COPyright 2021 Peking University INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS DIVISION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Jing ICP Bei No.05065075-1