Skip to main content Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Search for: About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus Admissions International Applicants The Barnard community includes undergraduate students from all over the world who contribute to the diversity and vibrancy of the campus community and are an important part of the College's academic and social life. As of Fall 2024, international students comprised 16% of the Barnard student population representing 60 countries. Citizenship is not a prerequisite for admission. Students are encouraged to apply to Barnard regardless of their immigration or citizenship status. Barnard will meet 100% of the financial need of admitted students. For those students seeking financial aid, we are need-blind for U.S. citizens and permanent residents. We are need-aware for non-U.S. citizens and non-permanent residents. Please refer to information about applying for aid for specific procedures. If you have any questions, we are here to help! International applicants may contact Ruby Bhattacharya, Director of Admissions, at international@barnard.edu . Interested prospective students with questions related to citizenship status and their application to Barnard can contact us at 212-854-2014. Application Requirements Transcripts and National Exam Results Students must request that their high school and/or college send an official transcript or exam results via e-docs or mail. (Certificates or copies of certificates are NOT required and should NOT be submitted) Students with transcripts or official documents not issued in English need to provide certified English translations along with the official documents. Your school may be able to guide you to third party organizations who regularly provide these translations. Contact us if you have questions. Students who apply for admission during their last year of secondary school should clearly state the name of the certificate or degree they expect to receive and when they will receive it. Students who have taken external national or board examinations should submit examination results as well as transcripts for each year of secondary-level study. Students should NOT submit other academic or activity certificates. Standardized Testing Requirement Barnard is SAT and ACT test-optional for students applying through the 2027 first-year and transfer admissions cycles. If you have taken the SAT and/or ACT exam and would like for us to review your SAT and/or ACT scores, you may self-report your highest scores via the Common Application or directly through the Barnard Applicant Portal. We will superscore the SAT and ACT composite scores. Students who are admitted and choose to enroll will be required to submit their official testing records to validate their scores. As of 2025, Barnard will not require the science or writing section for applicants who choose to submit their ACT scores. We will review exam results from multiple sittings and across exam formats (new and old - digital vs. paper). English Language Proficiency Requirement Barnard requires students to display English proficiency. Students may be required to submit scores from the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) , the International English Language Testing System (IELTS) or the Duolingo English Test . Applicants are eligible to have the English Language Proficiency Requirement waived if they: Identify English as one of their first languages Have attended a school in which the primary language of instruction is English for the duration of their secondary school career Are enrolled in or have completed the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program or A Level curriculum taught in English Earned one or more of the following subsection scores: 700 or higher on the Evidence Based Reading and Writing section of the redesigned SAT (beginning in March 2016) 29 or higher on the English or Reading sections of the ACT. If you meet one or more of the criteria above, you have fulfilled Barnard's English Language Proficiency Requirement. After you apply, please email admissions@barnard.edu to have your English Language Proficiency Requirement waived (if it has not already been waived in your Barnard Applicant Portal). If you do not meet the criteria above, you will be required to submit TOEFL, IELTS, or DET scores. TOEFL/IELTS/DET scores are valid up to two years from your test date. Barnard will not consider expired TOEFL/IELTS/DET scores. In addition to the English Language Proficiency policy details above, Barnard College will accept official results from the TOEFL iBT Home Edition or the IELTS Indicator . Please note that we do not accept the TOEFL Essentials test nor do we consider TOEFL's MyBest score. The most competitive candidates for admission generally receive: a score of 7.5 or higher on the IELTS, or a score of 105 or higher on the TOEFL, or a score of 135 or higher on the Duolingo English Test For TOEFL exams taken on/after January 20, 2026, applicants would be expected to receive a score of at least a 5.5 Does Barnard accept TOEFL MyBest scores (a superscore calculated from the highest section scores all valid test dates)? Barnard does not consider TOEFL's MyBest scores and does not superscore any English Language Proficiency exams. Please submit all scores earned and we will review your individual section scores as well as your highest total score from a single test date. Interviews InitialView and Vericant Interviews for International Students International applicants or applicants attending high school outside of the US may choose to do a video interview through InitialView or Vericant . For a fee, InitialView and Vericant will send your interview video/report to all of the colleges on your application list. InitialView and Vericant interviews are not Barnard-specific. Since this is an optional part of the application process, Barnard does not provide fee waivers for InitialView or Vericant interviews. Site Footer Footer Campus Access Career Opportunities Visit Inclusion & Belonging Office of Nondiscrimination Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Copyright © 2026 Barnard College | Columbia University | 3009 Broadway, New York, NY 10027 | 212.854.5262