Skip to main content Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Search for: About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus How to Apply How to Apply Welcome to Barnard College. We're a community of bold, brilliant women who are dedicated to changing the world. If you're interested in joining us, you're in the right place. We encourage you to explore the links below to learn more about our application process. Quick links: First-Year Applicants • Transfer Applicants • QuestBridge • Visiting Students • Class of 2028 Profile • International Applicants • Division I Athlete Applicants • Women's College Eligibility for Admission • ROTC First-Year Applicants Our first-year application process is highly selective and nuanced. We consider all aspects of the application while paying close attention to each student's individual story and background. Transfer Applicants Transfer students are a vibrant part of the Barnard community. Learn more about our Fall and Spring Term entry options. Visiting Students Degree candidates at another college are welcome to apply to visit Barnard for a semester or two. International Applicants Barnard is truly a global campus, welcoming students from around the world. Around 12% of Barnard students are international students. Learn more about our application process for international citizens and students attending school outside the U.S. Information for International Applicants Division I Athlete Applicants Barnard is the only women's college, and one of the only small liberal arts colleges nationwide, to offer NCAA Division I athletics. Under the Columbia-Barnard Athletics Consortium, Barnard scholar-athletes compete alongside Columbia undergraduates on 16 teams in the NCAA Division I and the Ivy League. They join teams led by some of the nation's best coaches and train in top-notch facilities. Information for Prospective Division I Athletes Women's College Eligibility for Admission In furtherance of our mission, tradition, and values as a women's college, and in recognition of our changing world and evolving understanding of gender identity, Barnard will consider for admission those applicants who consistently live and identify as women. Regarding Women's College Eligibility for Admission Site Footer Footer Campus Access Career Opportunities Visit Inclusion & Belonging Office of Nondiscrimination Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Copyright © 2026 Barnard College | Columbia University | 3009 Broadway, New York, NY 10027 | 212.854.5262