Skip to main content Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Search for: About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus Admissions Women's College Eligibility for Admission Since its founding in 1889, Barnard's mission has been to provide generations of promising, high-achieving young women with an outstanding liberal arts education in a community where women lead. Every aspect of this unique environment is, and always will be, designed and implemented to serve women, and to prepare our graduates to flourish and make a difference in the world. This mission is powerful, and remains vital today, perhaps more so than ever. In furtherance of our mission, tradition and values as a women's college, and in recognition of our changing world and evolving understanding of gender identity, Barnard will consider for admission those applicants who consistently live and identify as women. We will also continue to use gendered language that reflects our identity as a women's college. This admissions policy does not affect students who transition during their time at Barnard. Once admitted, every student will receive the individualized support that is an essential part of the Barnard experience. If, during a student's time at Barnard, the student decides that Barnard, as a women's college, no longer offers an appropriate educational environment, Barnard will offer guidance and resources to assist in making choices that are best for that student. Frequently Asked Questions Who is eligible for admission to Barnard? Barnard accepts applications from individuals who consistently live and identify as women and who seek an outstanding liberal arts education in a unique environment designed and implemented to serve women. Applicants assigned female at birth who now identify as male are not eligible for admission. What does it mean to consistently live and identify as a woman? The applicant must identify herself as a woman and her application materials must support this self-identification. If the applicant is concerned about discrepancies in her application materials, she can speak with an admissions counselor or address any concerns in the essay or personal statement. Are individuals who identify as non-binary or gender non-conforming eligible for admission? Barnard accepts applications from those who consistently live and identify as women. To be considered for admission, application materials should support this self-identification. What about Barnard students who transition to male before they complete their degree? They remain eligible to earn a Barnard degree. If, during a student's time at Barnard, the student decides that Barnard, as a women's college, no longer offers the appropriate educational environment, the College will offer guidance and resources to assist in making choices that are best for that student. Site Footer Footer Campus Access Career Opportunities Visit Inclusion & Belonging Office of Nondiscrimination Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Copyright © 2026 Barnard College | Columbia University | 3009 Broadway, New York, NY 10027 | 212.854.5262