Skip to main content Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Search for: About Barnard Admissions and Aid Academics Student Life Lifelong Well-Being Give Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps Helpful Resources Offices and Services Digital Accessibility Info For Faculty Students Staff Alumnae Parents Campus Access News News Barnard Magazine Media Relations Community Messages Visit Campus Financial Aid Apply For Aid 2026-2027 Financial Aid Application Deadlines Early Decision Deadline: November 1, 2025 (FAFSA, CSS Profile and supporting documents) Questbridge Match Deadline: November 1, 2025 (FAFSA, CSS Profile and supporting documents) Regular Decision Deadline: January 15, 2026 (FAFSA, CSS Profile and supporting documents) Fall Transfer applicant Deadline* March 15, 2026 (FAFSA, CSS profile and supporting documents) Current Student Deadline: April 15, 2026 (FAFSA, CSS profile and supporting documents) ** Please note : Barnard does not offer institutional financial aid to spring or international transfer applicants. Application Policies and Procedures Select your application category below for financial aid policies and instructions. Early Decision and Questbridge Match Applicants Early Decision and Questbridge Match applicants should submit the FAFSA and the CSS Profile by November 15th . Additional requested documentation must also be uploaded to the Barnard Applicant Portal by November 15th. Please review the financial aid checklist within the applicant portal to see what is required. Additional required documents are listed in the Application Materials Section*. As an Early Decision applicant, you have agreed to withdraw applications to other colleges and universities if admitted to Barnard. Applicants who are admitted under Early Decision will receive a financial aid decision letter in mid-December if all necessary documents are received by the official deadlines. Therefore, it is extremely important to submit all required documents by the deadline in order to be considered for need-based institutional financial aid. **Applicants who wish to apply for financial aid must report their social security number on their application for admission in order for the Financial Aid Office to download their FAFSA and CSS Profile information.** Federal Aid Only : Students who are not interested in applying for need-based Barnard College Grant aid, may still apply for federal student aid (loans and/or Pell Grant). they should complete the FAFSA. They are not required to complete the CSS Profile. Regular Decision Applicants Regular Decision Applicants should submit the FAFSA and CSS profile by January 15th . Students will gain access to their Barnard Applicant Portal once they submit their Common Application or Questbridge Application. Additional requested documentation must also be uploaded to the Barnard Applicant Portal by January 15th. Please review the financial aid checklist within the portal to see what is required. **Applicants who wish to apply for financial aid must report their social security number on their application for admission in order for the Financial Aid Office to download their FAFSA and CSS Profile information.** Federal Aid Only : Students who are not interested in applying for need-based Barnard College Grant aid, may still apply for federal student aid (loans and/or Pell Grant). they should complete the FAFSA. They are not required to complete the CSS Profile. International Applicants Students who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. permanent residents are considered international students. Barnard College is able to award a small number of need-based scholarships for international students in each first-year entering class. International students must apply for financial aid at the time of admission in order to be eligible for financial assistance in future years at Barnard. Barnard will continue to aid renewal students who demonstrate need and were admitted as financial aid applicants. Barnard is unable to assist international transfer students. HEOP Applicants The Financial Aid Office determines whether HEOP applicants meet the New York State income guidelines for participation in the program. All HEOP applicants must submit the financial aid application materials by the required Early Decision, Questbridge or Regular Decision deadlines to be considered for the HEOP Scholars Program. Admitted HEOP students are notified of financial aid decisions when they are notified of admission. Eligibility Criteria: Students must present a low-income profile , determined by NY State Education Department guidelines and confirmed by the Financial Aid Office. Students must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident. Students must be a NY state resident. All Barnard Aid is based on financial need. Barnard College is committed to meeting 100% of demonstrated need through a variety of sources including Federal (Pell), TAP, Barnard grants, HEOP grant, student loans, and the work-study program. Transfer Applicants Fall transfer applicants must submit their FAFSA and CSS profile and additional requested documentation by March 15th. Please review the financial aid checklist within the portal to see what is required and how to upload any additional documentation. Barnard has limited funding available for incoming Fall transfer students who are US Citizens or Permanent Residents and is therefore need-aware in the transfer admission selection process. Fall transfers are eligible for both institutional need-based grant aid and for federal and state aid. For those transfers who are admitted with financial need, Barnard remains committed to meeting the full demonstrated need in our financial aid packaging. **Applicants who wish to apply for financial aid must report their social security number on their application for admission in order for the Financial Aid Office to download their FAFSA and CSS Profile information.** Barnard does not offer institutional financial aid to spring transfer students . Federal student aid (loans and Pell Grant) are still available to students who qualify. Transfer students who require additional aid to attend Barnard are encouraged to apply for admission for the fall term instead. Barnard is unable to assist international transfer students with need-based scholarships. Current Students Students who are admitted to Barnard and receive a Barnard College Grant may expect grants in future years if they continue to meet economic and academic eligibility and meet the deadlines to reapply for financial aid each year. The deadline to apply for financial aid for 2026-2027 is April 15th (FAFSA, CSS Profile and any requested documents) . Notification of financial aid awards for students who have submitted all required documents will be posted to the student's financial aid online portal in early summer. Federal Aid Only : Students who are not interested in applying for need-based Barnard College Grant aid may still apply for federal student aid (loans and/or Pell Grant). They should complete the FAFSA. They are not required to complete the CSS Profile. Submitting Application Materials All documents should be uploaded to Barnard's online application portal. Barnard does NOT participate in the College Board Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). First-year applicants to Barnard will receive access to their personalized application portal once they have submitted their application and a Financial Aid Checklist will appear on the portal to show the status of materials. Current Barnard students can access their Financial Aid Portal using their Barnard credentials. The Financial Aid Checklist on the applicant's online portal will be updated if additional documents are required to complete the application. All applicants should review their Financial Aid Checklist on a regular basis to ensure all required documents have been received. Application Resources & Guides Helpful Tips for the Financial Aid Process (First-Year and Transfer Applicants) Helpful Tips for the Financial Aid Process (Current Students) Guide to Understanding Tax Documents Application Materials for U.S. Citizens & Permanent Residents 2026-2027 CSS Profile CSS Profile - Available starting October 1st. Barnard's CSS Code is 2038. Please note : If an applicant's parents are divorced or separated, each parent must complete a separate version of this form. Applicants who are unable to submit non-custodial parent information can complete Barnard's Non-Custodial Parent Waiver Petition form online. If you need assistance completing the CSS Profile or encounter technical issues please call: 844-202-0524. 2026-2027 FAFSA 2026-2027 FAFSA is open- Barnard's FAFSA school code is 002708. Please Note: Additional documents will be added to your checklist if you are selected for Federal Verification. If you need assistance completing the FAFSA or encounter technical issues please call: 800-433-3243. 2024 Parent Tax Return(s) Submit all pages and schedules of each parent's 2024 Federal Tax Return. For New York State Residents only: submit 2024 New York State Tax Return(s) in addition to the federal tax return. If an applicant's parents are divorced or separated, each parent (and their spouse, if applicable) must submit copies of 2024 tax returns and W-2 forms. Applicants who are unable to submit non-custodial parent information can complete Barnard's Non-Custodial Parent Waiver Petition online. Barnard does not accept the College Board/IDOC version of the form. More information on Barnard's Non-Custodial Parent Policy. If your family resides outside of the U.S. and/or files a non-U.S. tax return , please submit those 2024 documents in lieu of the U.S. federal tax return. If one or both of your parents DID NOT file a tax return for 2024 , they must submit a Parent Tax Non-Filer Form. Parents who are U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents should submit the Parent Tax Non-Filer Form linked above. Parents who are not U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents should submit the Alternative Parent Tax Non-Filer Certification Form. Barnard does not accept Non-Filer forms from The College Board. 2024 Parent W-2 Forms Submit copies of all original 2024 W-2 forms. We must receive original copies - state W-2 summaries are not accepted in lieu of W-2 forms. If your parent did not receive W-2 forms from their employer(s), the W-2 requirement will be waived once the tax return is reviewed. 2024 Student Tax Return OR 2024 Student Tax Non-Filer Form Students who filed a federal tax return for 2024 must submit a full copy of the tax return by upload to the portal. Students who did not or were not required to file a tax return for 2024 should submit a Student Tax Non-Filer Certification Form instead. Barnard does not accept Non-Filer forms from The College Board. 2024 Student W-2 Forms Submit copies of all original 2024 W-2 forms. We must receive original copies - state W-2 summaries are not accepted in lieu of W-2 forms. If a student did not receive W-2 forms from their employer(s), the W-2 requirement will be waived once the tax return or Student Tax Non-Filer Form is reviewed. 2024 Business Tax Returns If parents are self-employed and/or hold any interest in a business (Partnership, Corporation, or S-corporation), you must also submit the full 1065, 1120, or 1120-S tax return for that business, including all pages and schedules as well as the parent K-1s. Additional Documents When applicable, the Financial Aid Office may request the following: 2024 Untaxed Income Documentation Documentation of Citizenship ( only if you have a citizenship comment on your FAFSA) New York State Express TAP application (for NYS Residents only ( www.hesc.ny.gov ) Barnard's school code is 0155. ) Documentation of Housing Allowance Military Leave/Earnings Statements Trust Documentation Application Materials for International Applicants 2026-2027 CSS Profile CSS Profile - Available starting October 1st. Barnard's CSS Code is 2038 . Please Note : Applicants from the countries of Benin, Cameroon, Cuba, Ghana, Iran, Nigeria, North Korea, Sudan, Tonga and those who cannot complete the CSS Profile online may submit a completed International Student Application for Financial Assistance (ISAFA) provided by the International Association for College Admission Counseling (IACAC) instead of the online CSS Profile. 2024 Parent Foreign Income Documentation Please provide as much information and documentation as possible about the family's income and assets. All documents should be translated using U.S. dollars. Examples of foreign income documentation are: 1) The country's tax return. 2) A signed statement from your parents' employer(s) on the company's letterhead indicating annual wages, bonuses, and benefits; the statement should also indicate if the income is gross income (before taxes, in which case we need to know the taxes paid) or net of taxes. Please Note: If your family resides in the U.S. and/or files U.S. tax returns, your family should submit 2024 U.S. Tax Returns and W-2 forms in lieu of foreign income documentation. Site Footer Footer Campus Access Career Opportunities Visit Inclusion & Belonging Office of Nondiscrimination Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Copyright © 2026 Barnard College | Columbia University | 3009 Broadway, New York, NY 10027 | 212.854.5262