Home Welcome About Poland Education Polish language How to apply Practical Information News Browse from more than 400 English study programmes in Poland! Choose field of study... Agricultural Sciences Architecture, Urban and Regional Planning Art and Design Business Studies and Management Sciences Education, Teacher Training Engineering, Technology Geography, Geology Humanities Languages and Philological Sciences Law Mathematics, Informatics Medical Sciences Natural Sciences Social Sciences Communication and Information Sciences other areas of study Choose type of degree... Bachelor Master PhD other Search Featured universities Adam Mickiewicz University, Poznań AGH University of Kraków Andrzej Frycz Modrzewski Krakow University Bialystok Unversity of Technology Cardinal Stefan Wyszynski University in Warsaw Collegium Da Vinci Cracow University of Technology Czestochowa University of Technology Gdańsk University of Technology Jagiellonian University in Kraków Jan Dlugosz University in Czestochowa Jan Kochanowski University of Kielce Katowice Business University Kielce University of Technology Kozminski University Krakow University of Economics Lazarski University Lodz University of Technology Lublin University of Technology Maria Curie-Sklodowska University in Lublin Medical University of Bialystok Medical University of Gdańsk Medical University of Lodz Medical University of Silesia, Katowice, Poland Medical University of Warsaw Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń Opole University of Technology Polish-Japanese Academy of Information Technology Pomeranian University in Słupsk Poznań University of Economics and Business Poznań University of Life Sciences Poznan University of Medical Sciences - PUMS Poznan University of Technology SGH Warsaw School of Economics Silesian University of Technology SWPS University The John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin The University of Szczecin The University of Warmia and Mazury in Olsztyn University of Agriculture in Krakow University of Economics in Katowice University of Economics in Katowice University of Gdańsk University of Life Sciences in Lublin University of Lodz University of Rzeszów University of Silesia in Katowice University of Warsaw University of Wroclaw University of Zielona Góra Vincent Pol University in Lublin Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW Warsaw University of Technology West Pomeranian University of Technology in Szczecin (ZUT) Wroclaw Medical University Wroclaw University of Economics and Business Wrocław University of Environmental and Life Sciences Wrocław University of Science and Technology WSB University Academic schools Vocational schools City promotion initiatives Study in Lublin Requirements for Foreign Applicants Foreign students applying to universities in Poland are expected to fulfill general criteria. Candidates should carefully review the requirements and deadlines on the websites of the universities where they plan to study. The general rules for admitting foreign students to universities in Poland are provided below. Key requirements in brief: Education Certificates: Foreign secondary school diplomas/certificates - legalized or issued with an apostille, which confirms their validity in Poland. Recognition by NAWA: For further visa procedure, applicants may be required to provide adequate recognition from the Polish National Agency for Academic Exchange (NAWA). Details at: https://nawa.gov.pl/en/recognition Foreign language proficiency (B2 level): the list of foreign language proficiency certificates is available at universities' websites. Student visa and residence permit: the above documents will be mandatory for obtaining your student visa, see the information below for the full list Health insurance: is also mandatory for the duration of the stay and will also be requested at your visa appointment. Who is eligible for free studies? Foreigners with Polish family roots holding a Polish Card (Karta Polaka), those who have a permanent residence permit, or EU long-term resident status as well as EU/EEA/Switzerland citizens may study under the same conditions as Polish citizens (full-time studies without tuition fees) at public (state-funded) universities. Can foreign students obtain grants covering the cost of studies? Grants and their conditions are available at: https://nawa.gov.pl/en/students/foreign-students What foreign candidates are expected to provide when applying for studies in Poland For first-cycle (bachelor's) or long-cycle master's programs - a legalized or apostilled certificate, or another document obtained abroad, entitling them to apply for admission to higher education institutions of any type in the country where the issuing institution operates, recognized, in accordance with regulations or international agreements, as equivalent to the appropriate Polish matriculation certificate. For second-cycle (master's) programs - hold a diploma of completion of first-cycle studies in Poland or a legalized or apostilled diploma, or another document of completion obtained abroad, entitling them to pursue second-cycle studies in the country where it was issued, recognized - in accordance with regulations or an international agreement - as equivalent to the corresponding Polish first-cycle diploma. Recognition of Foreign Certificates and Diplomas Certificates that do not require recognition by NAWA: Secondary school leaving certificates from member states of the EU, the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) - parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area (EEA), and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which entitle the holder to apply for admission to higher education in the country where they were issued . IB diplomas (International Baccalaureate) EB diplomas (European Baccalaureate) Certificates covered by bilateral international agreements . Other certificates - must be submitted with a written confirmation from the Director of NAWA confirming eligibility to apply for first-cycle or long-cycle master's studies. Details and procedure are available at: https://nawa.gov.pl/en/recognition Foreign higher education diplomas - Applicants for second-cycle studies from non-EU, non-EFTA, non-OECD countries whose diplomas have not been recognized as equivalent to the corresponding Polish diploma must submit the diploma along with a written confirmation from the Director of NAWA. Language proficiency Applicants must demonstrate proficiency in the language of instruction at least at B2 level: For first-cycle or long-cycle master's studies: required for foreign education documents (excluding IB and EB diplomas) from non-EU, non-EFTA, non-OECD countries. For second-cycle studies: required if the foreign diploma has not been recognized as equivalent to a Polish diploma. Polish Language Requirements (if you plan to study in Polish) Applicants with a foreign secondary school certificate, IB diploma, EB diploma, or a foreign university diploma applying for programs taught in Polish must demonstrate Polish language proficiency at least at B2 level. Polish proficiency can be confirmed by: Completing a one-year preparatory course organized by the National Agency for Academic Exchange (NAWA) (minimum B2 level). Holding an official Polish language certificate (B2 or higher) issued by the State Commission for the Certification of Proficiency in Polish as a Foreign Language. Graduating from a secondary school or university program conducted in Polish within the Polish education system. Having an IB or EB diploma with a Polish language exam result. Details available at: https://nawa.gov.pl/en/the-polish-language or https://certyfikatpolski.pl/ Entrance Exams Foreign applicants for first-cycle or long-cycle master's studies, who hold a foreign education document (excluding IB and EB diplomas) from a non-EU, non-EFTA, non-OECD country, and not covered by an international agreement, must pass an entrance exam. The exam assesses knowledge required to pursue studies at the chosen level and must be passed with a positive result. Check details at the website of the university of your choice. Health Insurance Foreign nationals are obliged to have health insurance for illness or accidents during their studies in Poland, or European Health Insurance Card, or can join the National Health Fund immediately after starting their studies. It is also mandatory for the visa procedure. Documents required for Visa Application Completed and signed application Fee/payment Travel document Proof of residence in the consular district Insurance Ticket reservation Certificate of admission to studies Proof of payment of tuition fees Confirmation/information regarding accommodation Proof of financial means for living expenses Remember to register for your visa application procedure online at: www. e-konsulat.gov.pl For your visa procedure you may also be asked to have a short interview with the Consul © 2026 Perspektywy Education Foundation Dla polskich uczelni About us Contact