Skip To All NYU Navigation Skip To Main Content To open and close this bar, use option alt + / عربي All NYU Search ()search Close Menu Close عربي All NYU Academics Back Academics Prepare to succeed in a truly global world. Undergraduate Graduate and PhD Divisions and Programs Community Programs Executive Education Apply Back Apply Join the best and the brightest students from more than 120 countries. Undergraduate Graduate and PhD Campus Life Back Campus Life Live in a community that feels like home, surrounded by peers from all over the world. Housing and Accommodation Campus Features and Facilities Living in Abu Dhabi Sports, Athletics, and Fitness Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Research Back Research The NYUAD community is conducting research on the vanguard of almost every field. Research Institute Centers Faculty Labs and Projects Research Translation and Entrepreneurship Impact Facilities and Support Faculty Profiles Researchers Public Programs Back Public Programs Discover shows, art exhibitions, and talks at NYU Abu Dhabi. The Arts Center The Institute The Art Gallery All Events About Back About Exceptional education. World class research. Community-driven. Vision and Mission Leadership and People Facts and Figures The NYU Abu Dhabi Campus Administration and Governance Sustainability and Stewardship Strategic Philanthropy Initiative Community Engagement Quick Links Faculty Current Students Alumni Library Events News Press Room Careers Contact Child Pages Apply for Admission Entry Requirements Key Dates and Deadlines Early Decision Selection Process Breadcrumbs Home Apply Undergraduate Apply for Admission Key Dates and Deadlines Key Dates and Deadlines Deadlines Application Deadlines Application Deadline * Decision Early Decision I November 1 December 15 Early Decision II January 1 February 15 Regular Decision January 5 April 1 * The cut-off time for application submission is 11:59pm, EST. Apply for Admission through the Common Application Financial Aid Application Due by 11:59pm Eastern Standard Time (EST) on the date listed Application Type CSS Profile Deadline (for custodial and noncustodial parents) Early Decision I November 10 Early Decision II January 10 Regular Decision February 1 You're Invited! Upcoming Events We're always looking for the best and brightest all over the world. Come say hi at an upcoming fair near you or during one of our virtual events: Admissions Events Information Sessions Application Readiness Let's Connect © 2026 New York University Abu Dhabi Digital Privacy Statement General Feedback Accessibility Back To Top