Prospective students Introduction to Science Tokyo Bachelor's degree programs Graduate programs Non-degree programs Student life and careers News and events Menu Introduction to the Science Tokyo Features of the Science Tokyo Research and study Bachelor's degree programs Explore bachelor's degree programs Graduate programs Explore graduate programs International graduate program Graduate programs briefing sessions Non-degree programs Student life and careers Information for international students News and events Briefing sessions Contact Search Search Science Tokyo site 日本語 English Science Tokyo Prospective students Partners and entrepreneurs Current students Hospital users Access Request documents General inquiries Science Tokyo sitemap Science Tokyo Prospective students Partners and entrepreneurs Current students Hospital users Campus access Request documents General inquiries Science Tokyo sitemap The Global Scientists and Engineers Program (GSEP) Bachelor's Program in Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering The results of Preliminary Screening were announced on September 16, 2026. Please click on the link below to check the results. Announcement of Preliminary Screening successful applicants (GSEP 2027) The admission selection process for the Global Scientists and Engineers Program (GSEP) is scheduled to change starting with the AY 2028 enrollment (selection to be conducted in AY 2027). Please refer to the following document for details. Planned Changes in the Admission Selection Process for AY 2028 Enrollment Enrollment April Admissions cap This program admits 8 Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) scholarship recipients for up to four years, and 10 privately funded international students Offered by Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering School of Environment and Society Note: GSEP is offered only in the Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering and not by any other School or Department. Application period Mid to late August Degree Bachelor of Engineering Overview The Global Scientists and Engineers Program (GSEP) is the first international Bachelor of Engineering degree program at Institute of Science Tokyo (Science Tokyo). In this program, all subjects are taught in English, allowing qualified international students who have little or no proficiency in the Japanese language to pursue an engineering bachelor's degree at Science Tokyo. Intended for those who seek: Bachelor's degree program in engineering Bachelor's degree program taught in English Program with interdisciplinary engineering knowledge and skills to solve global problems Consideration for a Japanese government scholarship（MEXT） Program and Department GSEP students will belong to the Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering, which includes science, engineering, and management courses. GSEP is a transdisciplinary degree program not limited to any specific science or engineering field. Transdisciplinary knowledge is essential for scientists and engineers to solve real-world global problems, as well as to acquire intercultural leadership skills and a future vision. Many of the core courses will be team taught in project-based learning or hands-on formats covering various fields of science and engineering. Students can choose course topics and acquire advanced knowledge. The detailed GSEP program and other Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering information can be found on the websites below. GSEP official website GSEP official Facebook Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering For applicants commencing in April 2027 Application and Admissions Schedule Announcing the application schedule for GSEP 2027. Application period August 12 - August 21, 2026 Preliminary screening results September 16, 2026 Secondary screening September 28 - October 23, 2026 Note: The secondary screening will, in principle, take place online in 2026. Admissions results announcement November 13, 2026 Enrollment procedures March 17, 2027 Semester starts April 1, 2027 Application Guide for Global Scientists and Engineering Program (GSEP) commencing in April 2027 Application Guide for The Global Scientists and Engineers Program (GSEP) commencing in April 2027 Application Procedures Please follow the steps below to apply. Collapse all 1 Check the application guide Eligibility varies depending on the type of scholarship being offered. Please refer to the application guide for details. 2 Prepare the application documents and pay the application fee Check the application guide, and prepare certificates and other documents. Note: The application documents must include a Verification of Application Fee Payment. Please make payment before proceeding with the application form by referring to "Ⅶ. Application, Enrollment, and Tuition Fees" in the application guidelines. Please also see the secure online payment website (e-shiharai) below for details on payment. Once you access the system, please select "Examination Fee" and follow the instructions to complete your payment. e-shiharai.net 3 Online application Apply by filling in the required items on the following Online Application System by the designated date. Also, please upload scanned copies or digital versions of other required application documents to the Online Application System. Starting from the entrance examinations to be taken in AY 2024, an "Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form" from the principal of the applicant's most recently attended high school is required as an application document. (Instructions for Online Application System) Enter the required information in the Application Form on the Online Application System, and upload the necessary documents. Once all required information has been entered and uploaded, click "Content Confirmation" at the bottom of the sidebar to complete your application. Use English to enter all information on the Online Application System. Within the Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form on the Online Application System, enter the recommender's email address and request the submission of the "Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form". Online Application System "The Admissions Office" 4 Preliminary screening (Review of application documents) The submitted documents will be reviewed by the Admissions Division and TSE professors. The results of the review will be announced on this web page. 5 Secondary screening (Written examination and interview) Applicants who pass the preliminary screening will be interviewed by a GSEP professor and take a written exam covering high school mathematics, physics, and chemistry. Details will be sent after the preliminary screening. 6 Announcement of acceptance Results will be announced on this web page. Inquiries by email will not be accepted. 7 Enrollment and start of the semester Successful applicants will begin enrollment procedures at the end of March, and the spring semester will begin on April 1. Format For All Applicants Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form (in designated format Word) Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form (in designated format PDF) Within the Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form on the Online Application System, enter the recommender's email address and request the submission of the "Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form". The recommender must submit the evaluation sheet and recommendation letter directly to Science Tokyo through the Online Application System by the deadline. If the principal of the applicant's high school cannot submit the Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form, the applicant may ask someone else (a preparatory school teacher, etc.) who can report on the applicant's academic ability in detail. For Potential Applicants Potential applicants who wish to apply under the conditions stated in (1) or (2) below are to inquire via the following contact details and attach the requisite documents before proceeding with the application. Please refer to the application guidelines for details. Contact : Undergraduate Admissions Group Admissions Division Education Planning Department Institute of Science Tokyo Email und.gsep@adm.isct.ac.jp (1)Potential applicants that require "Individual Assessment of Admission Eligibility" Application for Individual Assessment of Admission Eligibility（Word） Application for Individual Assessment of Admission Eligibility（PDF） Assessment period: July 7, 2026 - August 6, 2026 Science Tokyo will not accept Application for Individual Assessment of Admission Eligibility that received after the stated deadline. (2) Potential applicants applying for exemption from English test score submission Application for Exemption from Submission of English Test Scores（Word） Application for Exemption from Submission of English Test Scores（PDF） Points to Note When Applying 1. English Proficiency Tests (1) Tests accepted as proof of English proficiency Applicants are required to submit a score report of the following tests as proof of their English proficiency. A score report is considered valid only if the test is taken within two years prior to the last day of the application period. There is no minimum score requirement. TOEFL iBT (including TOEFL iBT Home Edition) *1 TOEIC L&R IELTS Academic (paper test) *2 IELTS Academic (computer-delivered test) *2 1 Please have the ETS (Educational Testing Service) score report sent directly to Science Tokyo (DI code: D992). 2 IELTS Academic test score reports in PDF format are not accepted. If you are submitting an IELTS score report, please arrange for the testing organization to send your score directly to the Science Tokyo Admissions Division. Send test scores to the Admissions Division directly using the information below: Organization name: Institute of Science Tokyo Department: Admissions Division Method of delivery: E-delivery See the IELTS website below for details about sending test scores. When sending test scores via e-delivery, applicants should also submit a copy of their scores, or the application used to send them, to show the scores were sent. IELTS website (2) Tests not acceptable as proof of English proficiency A score report of the following tests is not accepted as proof of English proficiency. Institutional testing programs of TOEIC and TOEFL (TOEIC-IP, TOEFL-ITP, etc.) TOEIC S&W / TOEIC Speaking / TOEIC Bridge IELTS Academic (online test) (3) Conditions for exemption from the English proficiency tests Nationals of the following countries where English is used as a native language are eligible for exemption from submitting English test scores upon submission of a document specified by Science Tokyo. Please note that even if the classes of your high school were in general provided in English, you will not be exempted unless you are a national of a country listed below. Australia Canada Ireland New Zealand United Kingdom United States of America 2. Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form Starting from the entrance examinations to be taken in AY 2024, an "Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form" from the principal of the applicant's most recently attended high school is required as an application document. Please note that the "Applicant Evaluation and Recommendation Form" must be submitted directly by the school principal, etc., and not by the applicant. The designated form and how to submit will be made available in mid-July, along with the application guidelines. 3. Recommended Use of External Examinations The results of the following examinations are listed as reference materials for the interview (secondary screening). Although the submission is optional, these will be considered an important reference, and applicants are encouraged to submit them. The Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU) GCE A Level / International A Level International Baccalaureate (IB) Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) American College Testing Program (ACT) Advanced Placement（AP） Application, Enrollment Fees, and Tuition Application Fee JPY 17,000 Enrollment Fee JPY 282,000 Annual Tuition JPY 635,400 (Enrollment and tuition fees are subject to change.) Program-Related Scholarships Expand all Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho: MEXT) Scholarship Eight (8) outstanding applicants who passed the examination for the GSEP program will be recommended for the MEXT scholarship. The eligibility and conditions for receiving the MEXT scholarship can be found below. Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship for Undergraduates (University Recommendation (Priority)) Students who have been accepted for a MEXT scholarship will not be required to pay the enrollment fee or tuition. Undergraduate MEXT scholarship recipients will receive a monthly stipend of JPY 120,000 for four (4) years. The amount of the stipend is subject to change in accordance with the directives of the MEXT scholarship program. In accordance with MEXT regulations, Air tickets to/from Japan will be provided by MEXT under certain conditions. Note:Those who are applying for other MEXT scholarship programs, such as those requiring a recommendation from the Japanese Embassy or Consulate General, or for a scholarship from the Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) must decline candidacy of the MEXT scholarship offered under the GSEP program. Once enrolled at Science Tokyo, MEXT scholarship students will be subject to an annual review of their academic achievements. Failure to obtain a minimum grade point average of 2.3 or to meet academic standards set by Science Tokyo will result in disqualification from receiving further scholarship stipends. Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) Applicants who wish to enroll in Science Tokyo under a scholarship other than those offered by MEXT, and who do not reside in Japan, may apply for a Monbukagakusho Honors Scholarship for Privately Financed International Students provided by JASSO. Please note that individuals who have been granted the above scholarship cannot receive other scholarships throughout the duration of funding. The monthly stipend is JPY 48,000, which is subject to change in accordance with directives from JASSO. This scholarship will be offered starting April 2027 through March 2028. Applicants will still be required to pay the application, enrollment, and tuition fees even if they are granted this scholarship. Applicants who currently reside in Japan are not eligible to apply for this scholarship. Others There are scholarships available for outstanding international students at Science Tokyo other than MEXT or JASSO. However, those scholarships are usually awarded to applicants studying for some period of time after admission. Applicants are required to attain a certain level of good academic performance. FAQ Contact (science and engineering fields) Undergraduate Admissions Group, Admissions Division Inquiry form Explore bachelor's degree programs Home Bachelor's degree programs Explore bachelor's degree programs The Global Scientists and Engineers Program (GSEP) Prospective students Introduction to Science Tokyo Bachelor's degree programs Graduate programs Non-degree programs Student life and careers News and events Briefing sessions Contact Terms of use Sitemap Privacy policy Web accessibility policy SNS policy © Institute of Science Tokyo. All rights reserved.