Program Faculty Research IRP Topics Faculty Research Admissions News Newsletter FAQ SEARCH Institute of Science Tokyo Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering Discover Program Overview & curriculum Application Process Selection process, requirements and important dates Student Life Academic calendar, campus map & accommodation Students and Graduates Voices What GSEP students and graduates have ahead after graduation What is GSEP? The Global Scientists and Engineers Program (GSEP) is the first international Bachelor of Engineering degree program of Institute of Science Tokyo (Science Tokyo), formerly Tokyo Institute of Technology. The program started from April 2016. In this program, all of the subjects are taught in English , allowing qualified international students who have little or no proficiency in the Japanese language to pursue an engineering bachelor's degree in Science Tokyo. Every year, selected students will be awarded a scholarship by the Japan Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) for four years. These students are exempted from paying fees for application, admission, and tuition (more information about MEXT scholarship can be found here ). Monthly stipends for living expenses is also provided under the scholarship. Students without MEXT scholarships are also admitted to this program. They may apply for other scholarships after successful admission. GSEP students will be belong to the Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering which includes science, engineering, and management courses. GSEP is a transdisciplinary degree program not limited to any specific science or engineering field. Transdisciplinary knowledge is essential for scientists and engineers to solve real-world global problems, as well as acquire intercultural leadership skills and a future vision. Many of the core courses will be team taught in project-based learning or hands-on formats covering various fields of science and engineering. Students can choose course topics and acquire advanced knowledge. Latest News and Announcements Profile of GSEP Faculty (8) Vinayak Gupta, Ph.D. September 10th, 2026 Continuing our GSEP faculty introduction series, we are pleased to introduce another faculty member who supports our students throughout their GSEP journey. This time, we would like to introduce Dr. Vinayak Gupta, a GSEP specially-appointed associate professor. Let's hear from Vinayak-sensei about his background, research interests, and experience teaching and supporting GSEP students! What do […] Profile of GSEP Faculty (7) Sasipa Boonyubol, Dr. Eng. September 3rd, 2026 GSEP is supported by several faculty members who are dedicated to teaching and supporting students throughout their studies. This time, we are pleased to introduce Dr. Sasipa Boonyubol, a GSEP specially-appointed associate professor. Let's hear from Sasipa-sensei about her background, research interests, and involvement in GSEP. What is GSEP for you? For me, GSEP is […] GSEP Newsletter vol.13 July 28th, 2026 We are pleased to announce that the latest issue of our newsletter is now available. We hope you enjoy reading it and staying connected with our community. GSEP Newsletter vol.13 GSEP Off-Campus Project AY2025 (3) | February 19th-20th, 2026 | July 14th, 2026 In the third installment of our GSEP Off-Campus Project 2025 report series, Chayapol Leardngammongkolkul, Ngoc Hoang Minh Nguyen, Hilmi Emre Goktas, and Mok Wattanasopon share their reflections on their visit to Tama Cleaning Plant. Through the tour, they learned about waste treatment, recycling, and environmental sustainability, and reflected on how individual actions can contribute to […] Application Guide for the admission in April 2027 July 9th, 2026 The application guide for the April 2027 intake is now available. Please click the links below for more details. The Global Scientists and Engineers Program (GSEP) Science Tokyo website More INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE TOKYO Website by Custom Media GSEP Tokyo Tech