Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People Undergraduate study Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage Study at Bristol Undergraduate study International students Undergraduate study Browse subject areas Find a course Open days and visits How to apply Entry requirements and qualifications After you apply Why choose Bristol? Student stories Student life Local and commuting students Careers and employability Global opportunities Accommodation Fees and funding International students Access and Participation Plan Request an undergraduate prospectus Contacts YouTube Instagram Twitter Facebook Flickr International students Welcoming and supporting students from outside the UK Bristol is a top 10 UK University in a vibrant, multicultural city in south-west England. Around 25% of our students are international, and we welcome you to join us. Sign up to learn more Register for our email updates and receive exclusive application advice, tailored information, and updates about scholarships. When you register, you can also download our International Guide for lots more information about studying at Bristol as an international student. Sign up for email updates Applying from overseas Once you've found your course, you can learn more about: how to apply for undergraduate degrees or the International Foundation Programme entry requirements and qualifications international fees and finances , including scholarships . The University has agreements with a number of education representatives, or agents, around the world. Using a representative does not put you at any advantage or disadvantage when we make decisions about your application. Visit our country-specific web pages for more information about applying from your country. You can also contact us with any questions about your application. Discover Bristol Explore our campus with a virtual tour . Moving away from home can be a scary process. But when I first arrived in Bristol... I felt at home right away. The welcome my faculty gave me felt empowering because I felt supported and free to find my calling. I thrived with the academic freedom, and I learnt to find myself. Lalitha BSc Politics and Sociology Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top