Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People Undergraduate study Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Entry requirements and qualifications Undergraduate study Browse subject areas Find a course Open days and visits How to apply Entry requirements and qualifications UK qualifications International qualifications English language requirements GCSE profile requirements Contextual offers Guaranteed offers Modern language requirements Gateway course eligibility After you apply Why choose Bristol? Student stories Student life Local and commuting students Careers and employability Global opportunities Accommodation Fees and funding International students Access and Participation Plan Request an undergraduate prospectus Contacts YouTube Instagram Twitter Facebook Flickr Entry requirements and qualifications Qualifications UK qualifications Please see our information on UK qualifications for undergraduate entry . International qualifications We accept a wide range of international qualifications . English language requirements You need to achieve a certain level of English to qualify for a place on your chosen course. Each course specifies one of six language 'profiles', a profile is the level of English required for entry on to that particular course if English is not your first language. You do not need a Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) in English for any application to the University of Bristol. Typical and contextual offers When you check the entry requirements for individual courses , you will see two types of offer listed - typical and contextual. Typical offer The A-level or IB Diploma (International Baccalaureate) typical offer shows the grades we usually request when we make an offer. We consider applications on their individual merit and the entry requirements shown are indicative only. If you receive an offer, it may differ slightly from the typical offer. We welcome applicants with other UK qualifications equivalent to the typical offer. We accept a wide range of international qualifications . Contextual offer As part of our commitment to the UK national agenda on widening participation, we consider the educational context in which grades have been achieved and may make you a contextual offer. Find out whether you may be eligible for a contextual offer . Admissions tests University Clinical Aptitude Test (UCAT) You need to take the UCAT test (formerly UKCAT) if you are applying for a medical or dental degree at Bristol. National Admissions Test for Law (LNAT) You need to take the LNAT test if you are applying for a Law LLB course. We cannot offer you a place until you have taken the test unless the test is unavailable in your country of residence. International Foundation Programme The Centre for Academic Language and Development has information on entry requirements for the International Foundation Programme . How your application is assessed Our undergraduate admissions statements provide detailed information on the selection procedures and how your application will be assessed. We follow a clear set of policies and procedures when dealing with admissions. Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top