Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People International students Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage International students Applying from your country or region Uzbekistan International students Why Bristol? Courses and programmes Applying from your country or region European and International Baccalaureates Fees and scholarships Student visas Student accommodation Contacts Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Weibo Staff intranet Uzbekistan We welcome applications from students from Uzbekistan. Around one in three students at the University are international, and we would love for you to join our community. Application guidance The following information is for guidance only. Competition for places at the University of Bristol is very strong, and the achievement of a specified qualification does not guarantee that an offer will be made. We aim to respond to your application as quickly as possible to help you plan your studies. If your qualification is not mentioned or you have any further questions, please contact us for advice. Go to section International Foundation Programme Undergraduate entry requirements Postgraduate entry requirements Scholarships Student societies Get in touch International Foundation Programme The International Foundation Programme (IFP) is delivered by the University of Bristol to prepare international students for a degree programme at the University through tailored English language units and academic subject units. You can find more information through Kaplan International Pathways , our trusted education partner for applications and admissions to the International Foundation Programme. Undergraduate entry requirements You can apply for undergraduate courses through the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS). Find out more from UCAS about applying to university in the UK . The UCAS institution code for the University of Bristol is BRISL B78 . Entry requirements vary for each course. Please check our undergraduate course listings for details of specific requirements. Applicants will need to meet the English language requirements for their chosen course. Different courses need different levels of language skills, referred to as 'profiles'. The required profile will be shown on the course page. Find out more about our English language profiles . Students who have successfully completed either the University of Bristol International Foundation Programme or an appropriate foundation/bridging programme such as those offered by our partners , and have met the entry requirements for their chosen degree, will be considered for admission to undergraduate courses. Applicants with the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma or A-Levels will be considered for direct admission to our undergraduate degree programmes. Entry requirements are listed in our Undergraduate Prospectus . If you have studied the American curriculum, entry requirements are listed on our USA country page . Postgraduate entry requirements You should apply online for all our postgraduate programmes. Entry requirements vary for each programme. Please check our postgraduate programme listings for details of specific requirements. Applicants will need to meet the English language requirements for their chosen course. Different courses need different levels of language skills, referred to as 'profiles'. The required profile will be shown on the course page. Find out more about our English language profiles . To be considered for admission to a master's degree programme at the University of Bristol, the minimum requirement for entry is typically an undergraduate degree from an acceptable institution that is equivalent to a UK upper second-class degree (also known as a 2:1). Qualifications from selected institutions may require accreditation. Applicants with a Diplomi or Magistr Diplomi from an institution under the supervision of the Ministry of Higher and Specialised Education will be considered. A final grade of at least 80% or GPA 4.2/5 or above will be required for programmes with an upper second-class honours degree entry requirement. Grade requirements will be higher for entry to programmes with a higher UK grade requirement. Applicants can find the UK grade requirements listed in the programme finder. Applicants who hold a good master's degree from a prestigious university will be considered for admission to PhD study. Scholarships The University provides a range of international scholarships , including our Think Big scholarships which can help fund your tuition fees. Search our full list of funding to find more scholarships offered by the University of Bristol and external organisations. Find more information about funding your studies on our student finances pages . British Council The British Council can give guidance and information about higher education in the UK. Find out from their website if there is an office near you and what services are available. Student societies Bristol's Global Lounge brings our community together through cultural events, language cafés and free social activities. Societies are another great way to meet like-minded friends and share your culture with others. Our 300+ student groups include both interest-based and religious societies to get involved with. Get in touch If you have any questions about applying to Bristol, please contact our International Recruitment team: Email : support@international.bristol.ac.uk Phone : +44 (0)117 205 2644 I am very proud to be a part of the Bristol community. For me the biggest value in studying at Bristol is the opportunity to have access to one of the best educational systems in the world. Umida MSc Public Policy Uzbekistan Visa advice The Student Visa Services Team provides extensive guidance on applying for your study visa. Global Lounge Celebrate cultural events, share experiences and connect with students from around the world at the Global Lounge. Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top