Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People Study at Bristol Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage Study at Bristol English language requirements Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Open days and visits Short courses Mature students Local and commuting students Care leavers Estranged students Displaced applicants Information for parents and carers Outreach and widening participation Request a prospectus Contacts English language requirements for study You need to achieve the required level of English to qualify for a place on your chosen course or programme. Different courses or programmes need different levels of language skills. We refer to these skill levels as 'profiles'. The profile for your chosen course or programme is shown on the course page or programme page. The tests and levels you need to achieve to meet the requirements are on each English language profile page. English language proficiency tests should be obtained within two years of the start date of your programme or course. If you are from, or have studied in, an English-speaking country, you may not need to provide additional evidence of your English language ability. English language qualifications must be presented in English. If the qualification evidence is not in English you must provide a professional or certified translation, including the contact details for the translator or translation company. Applying You do not need to have reached the required level before you apply. We will look at your academic qualifications and decide what offer we will make you. If you have not yet reached the required English level, we will give you a target grade to meet as part of your offer. What you need to do If you have the required level If you have the required level, you must include it in your application. You do not need to do anything else. If you are a national of an English-speaking country as defined by UK Visas and Immigration, then you may be considered to have the required level. Further details, including the list of these countries, are available in each of our English language profiles . If you have started but not completed the required level If you have not reached the required level for your course or programme, you will be given a target grade in your offer. You will need to provide a valid English language qualification showing you have met the required target grade. If you do not have the required level If you do not have the required level, you can try one of the following: Taking a pre-sessional language course offered by the University Taking an IELTS Academic test Taking a different course in your home country which qualifies (see the list under the profile) Re-sitting the language tests in your home country to reach the required level. Language profiles for undergraduates and postgraduates Profile A Profile B Profile C Profile D Profile E Profile F Profile G Profile H Profile International Programme Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top