Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People International students Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage International students Fees and scholarships International scholarships International students Why Bristol? Courses and programmes Applying from your country or region Fees and scholarships International scholarships Think Big application guidance Think Big Career Accelerator Think Big Development Programme Think Big for Researchers Student visas Student accommodation Contacts Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Weibo Staff intranet Scholarships for international students International students can apply for a range of funding, including Think Big scholarships. Applications for September 2026 entry are closed. Think Big Scholarship applications closed on 10 April 2026 at 10 am UK time. Think Big is the University of Bristol's flagship scholarship scheme. You can also search for other scholarships for international students . Think Big international scholarships Our Think Big international scholarships for undergraduate and postgraduate students could help you fund your UK study at the University of Bristol. We've invested up to £5 million in Think Big scholarships to help international students come to Bristol in 2026. These scholarships are for applicants with overseas fee status who have applied for an eligible undergraduate or master's course. Scholarships available Think Big undergraduate scholarships are valued at £6,500 and £13,000 for up to four years of study. Think Big postgraduate scholarships are valued at £6,500, £13,000 and £26,000 for your first year of study. Postgraduate applicants will also be eligible for the Think Big Career Accelerator . This employability-focussed year-long programme is designed to boost your confidence in advancing your career after graduation, and comes with a £3,000 scholarship. Multiple scholarships, one application form Our Think Big Scholarship scheme has partnered with faculties, alumni and external partners to offer a wide range of scholarships in addition to the central Think Big undergraduate and postgraduate awards. To make the application process easier, you only need to submit one scholarship application form. Your application will be matched with your University study application and then you will be considered for every scholarship where you meet the necessary eligibility requirements. Application timeline Before starting your scholarship application, you must have applied to study at the University of Bristol and received an application ID. Date Event 21 October 2025 Scholarship applications open at 10:00am UK time 14 January 2026 Career Accelerator Round 1 early consideration deadline (Postgraduate only) February 2026 Career Accelerator Round 1 outcomes shared (Postgraduate only) 10 April 2026 Think Big Scholarship applications close at 10:00am UK time Late May 2026 Think Big outcomes shared Late May 2026 Think Big Offer Holder deadline to accept Scholarship July 2026 Scholarship award letters shared with successful applicants Available for Undergraduates Think Big Undergraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 and £13,000 are available for up to four years of study for any eligible undergraduate programmes . Courses in the Bristol Dental School and the Bristol Medical School are not eligible for Think Big undergraduate scholarships. Think Big about Business Undergraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 are available for international students studying any eligible undergraduate programme in the Business School. Think Big about Economics Undergraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 are available for international students studying any eligible undergraduate programme in the School of Economics. Think Big about Policy Studies Undergraduate Scholarships The award of £13,000 is available for an international student studying any eligible undergraduate programme in the School for Policy Studies. Think Big about Science and Engineering Undergraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 are available for international students studying Chemistry (BSc) and Physics (BSc) within the Faculty of Science and Engineering. Think Big about Veterinary Science Undergraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The award of £6,500 is available for an international student studying Veterinary Science (BVSc) and Veterinary Science: Accelerated Graduate Entry Programme (BVSc). Funding is available for only 3 years of full-time study. Available for Postgraduates Think Big Postgraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500, £13,000 and £26,000 are available for one year of any eligible postgraduate master's programme , including MRes programmes. Think Big about Business Postgraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 and £13,000 are available for international students studying any eligible postgraduate programme in the Business School. Think Big Career Accelerator The Career Accelerator is a programme which consists of career events, workshops and networking opportunities. In addition to a place on the programme, the Career Accelerator also includes a £3,000 scholarship for international students studying any eligible postgraduate master's programme , including MRes programmes. This will be applied to the cost of tuition fees. Additional places on the Career Accelerator are available for postgraduate international students studying eligible courses in the following subject areas: Business School, Faculty of Science & Engineering, School of Modern Languages, School of Economics, Centre for Innovation & Entrepreneurship. Think Big about Comparative Literatures and Cultures Postgraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The awards of £6,500 and £13,000 are available for international students studying Comparative Literatures and Cultures (MA). Think Big about Conflict Resolution and Peacebuilding Postgraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The awards of £13,000 are available for international students studying C onflict Resolution and Peacebuilding (MSc). Think Big about Economics Postgraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 and £13,000 are available for international students studying any eligible postgraduate programme in the School of Economics. Think Big about Education Postgraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 are available for international students studying any eligible postgraduate programme in the School of Education. Think Big about International Development Postgraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The awards of £13,000 are available for international students studying International Development (MSc). Think Big about International Relations Postgraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The awards of £13,000 are available for international students studying International Relations (MSc). Think Big about Law and Justice Postgraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 are available for international students studying any MA or LLM programme . Think Big about Nutrition, Physical Activity and Public Health Postgraduate Scholarships The award of £13,000 is available for an international student studying Nutrition, Physical Activity and Public Health (MSc). Think Big about Public Policy Postgraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 and £13,000 are available for international students studying Public Policy (MSc). Think Big about Research Postgraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The awards of £6,500 and £13,000 are available for one year of any eligible master's by research programme . Think Big about Sociology Postgraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The awards of £13,000 are available for international students studying Sociology (MSc). Think Big about Science and Engineering Postgraduate Scholarships The awards of £6,500 are available for one year of any eligible taught master's programme in the Faculty of Science and Engineering. Think Big about Translation and Interpreting Postgraduate Scholarships New for 2026: The awards of £6,500 and £13,000 are available for international students studying Interpreting (MSc) and Translation and Intercultural Studies (MA). Michael Wong Pakshong bursary A living cost bursary for an international student studying a postgraduate taught programme from selected schools in the Faculty of Arts, Law and Social Sciences. R. Senathi Rajah Memorial Scholarship The award of £26,000 is available for a national of Sri Lanka studying any eligible postgraduate programme . In addition to this, a living cost bursary of £3,000 will also be awarded to the successful awardee. GREAT Scholarships Funding towards tuition fees for students in India, Mexico and Thailand applying for one-year postgraduate courses in any subject, in partnership with the British Council and the GREAT Britain Campaign. There is one scholarship of £13,000 available for a postgraduate international student from each country. This will be applied to the cost of tuition fees. Think Big Development Programme If you're awarded a scholarship, you not only receive financial support, you'll gain access to the Think Big Leadership Programme or Think Big Career Accelerator Programme , depending on your scholarship. These programmes offer guidance, support, inspiration, and a solid framework for you to unlock your potential beyond your academic studies. International Scholarship terms and conditions Ensure you read the Think Big Scholarship terms and conditions carefully before applying International scholarships community on LinkedIn Join us on LinkedIn and network with current and past scholars. Be honest, enthusiastic and passionate in your application. Talk candidly about your reasons for applying, whether it is a fascination with the city, career aspirations, or a desire to be a part of something bigger. Darya BSc Psychology Think Big Scholarship recipient Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top