Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People Undergraduate study Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage Study at Bristol Undergraduate study How to apply International applications Undergraduate study Browse subject areas Find a course Open days and visits How to apply Home applications International applications Key dates How to apply to the International Foundation Programme How to apply for a foundation year in Arts and Social Sciences How to apply for a foundation year in Science, Engineering and Mathematics How to apply for CertHE Dental Nursing Entry requirements and qualifications After you apply Why choose Bristol? Student stories Student life Local and commuting students Careers and employability Global opportunities Accommodation Fees and funding International students Access and Participation Plan Request an undergraduate prospectus Contacts YouTube Instagram Twitter Facebook Flickr International applications On this page UCAS applications International Foundation Programme applications Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) Applying with the help of a representative or agent VMCAS applications (BVSc Veterinary Science: Accelerated Graduate Entry, D102) Transferring from another university or college Disability support UCAS applications You can apply to study at Bristol through the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS). Apply online through UCAS Our UCAS institution code is BRISL B78 . You can apply through UCAS from early September for entry the following year. You can apply for a maximum of five courses using the UCAS form. The equal consideration deadline for undergraduate applications is 13 January 2027 (6 pm, UK time) in your planned entry year. We strongly encourage you to apply before the equal consideration deadline, as some courses fill up quickly and may close on this date. The final deadline for all international undergraduate applications is 30 June. If you're applying for a medicine, dentistry or veterinary course, the deadline is 15 October 2026 (6 pm, UK time) for entry the following year. You can only use four of your five UCAS choices to apply to these courses. After you have applied, UCAS will give you a ten-digit personal ID number. You will need this if you contact the University about your application. For information on the application process, including help to complete your application and associated deadlines, refer to the UCAS guidance . International Foundation Programme applications For our International Foundation Programme, you need to apply directly to the University of Bristol, not through UCAS. Find out how to apply for the International Foundation Programme . To find out about applying for an undergraduate course after a foundation year, see our information on progressing from a foundation course . Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) If you require a visa and will be studying specific undergraduate science and engineering courses at master's level (MEng or MSci), you may need an Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) certificate before applying for your visa. There are exemptions from this requirement for nationals of EU/EEA countries, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea, Switzerland and the USA. You will be sent an email once you have made a response decision, but you can apply for an ATAS certificate up to nine months before the start date of your course. Early applications are strongly advised as the average processing time is 20 working days, possibly more during peak times. Once issued, an ATAS certificate is valid for visa application purposes for up to six months. ATAS is granted specifically to study the course you stated on your ATAS application. If you change your course prior to applying for a visa you will require a new ATAS. You will need a CAH3 Code (PDF, 80kB) and course content details in order to make your application. Make sure you use the same passport details in both your ATAS and your visa application. Use your full name as it appears in your passport. Further information about ATAS . Applying with the help of a representative or agent We have agreements with representatives and agents around the world. They can help you with your application. If you apply via a representative or agent, you should use one of those listed on our country-specific pages . Using a representative does not put your application at any advantage or disadvantage. We consider independent applications on an equal basis. VMCAS applications (BVSc Veterinary Science: Accelerated Graduate Entry, D102) North American international applicants who already hold a related science degree, or are in the final year of a related science degree, can apply to study Veterinary Science: Accelerated Graduate Entry at Bristol through the Veterinary Medical College Application Service (VMCAS). The deadline for applications is 15 September 2026 (11:59 pm Eastern Standard Time) for the 2027 entry year. Apply online through VMCAS Check the VMCAS guidance on the application process and how to provide your qualification and education details. Transferring from another university or college Find out if you can transfer to a degree course at the University of Bristol from your current university or college of higher education. Disability support If you have a disability, please contact Disability Services early in the application process for confidential advice on the support that may be available and how to access it. Disclosing your disability will not affect your chances of receiving an offer. Entry requirements and qualifications Please read our entry requirements and qualifications information. UCAS international advice Find information and advice from UCAS for international students applying to study in the UK. How your application is assessed Our undergraduate admissions statements provide detailed information on the selection procedures and how your application will be assessed. We follow a clear set of policies and procedures when dealing with admissions. After you apply Find out what happens after you apply . Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top