Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People International Foundation Programme Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage Centre for Academic Language and Development Courses and programmes International Foundation Programme International Foundation Programme Academic options Entry requirements How to apply Progression IFP Fees and dates Why Bristol Living in Bristol Under 18s Twitter Facebook Instagram Sina Weibo International Foundation Programme International Foundation Programme (IFP) A full-time, one-year university preparation course, designed to prepare international students for degree-level study at the University of Bristol. Tailored towards success on a Bristol degree Taught by University academics Develop your academic language and literacy Understand the University assessment requirements Have access to all University facilities and resources What can I study? Find out about the tailored pathways which will prepare you for undergraduate study. What grades do I need? Find out what academic and language qualifications you need. How do I apply? Find out how to apply. How much does it cost? Find how much the programme costs. Why choose Bristol? Discover more about the University, the teaching, the students and the city. Where will I live? You can choose programme-allocated, University-owned or private accommodation. Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top