Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to search toggle Skip to site navigation Home Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate All undergraduate courses Open days and visits New undergraduate students Postgraduate All postgraduate programmes Online postgraduate programmes Open days and visits New postgraduate students Study at Bristol International students Accommodation Students' Union Mumbai Enterprise Campus About Schools and faculties Research Business and partnerships News People International Foundation Programme Current students Current staff Alumni Search Start searching Search Close search Homepage Centre for Academic Language and Development Courses and programmes International Foundation Programme Entry requirements International Foundation Programme Academic options Entry requirements How to apply Progression IFP Fees and dates Why Bristol Living in Bristol Under 18s Twitter Facebook Instagram Sina Weibo Entry requirements Academic requirements for mainland China Qualification Grade Senior Secondary School Certificate Senior Middle 3 with a minimum grade average of 80% with 85% in required subjects Senior Middle 2 with a minimum grade average of 85% with 85% in required subjects International Baccalaureate A minimum of 26 points, with a minimum of 4 in any required subject GCSE grade B or equivalent in required subjects A Levels A minimum of 3 passes at grade C GCSE grade B or equivalent in required subjects The above academic requirements are for entry on to the IFP. S ome undergraduate degrees will need higher grades than required for the International Foundation Programme . Some degrees also require a minimum GCSE or equivalent grade in a specific subject, which may differ from the requirements for the IFP. For the rest of the world If you are applying from outside of mainland China, please find your country-specific academic requirements through our trusted education partner for applications and admissions to the International Foundation Programme, Kaplan International Pathways. English language requirements You will need to provide a valid Secure English Language Test (SELT) certificate with scores that meet our entry requirements. Find out more about the English Language requirements and tests . Do I need to be over 18? The minimum age that you can study the International Foundation Programme is 16. Please read more information for students aged under 18 . Do I need a visa? You can find information about visas on our Student Visa Services pages. Ask a question Contact mainland China: Email: ifp-china@bristol.ac.uk Phone: 00 8610 8515 1899 Contact from outside mainland China: Please fill out a contact form. For questions about Dentistry : Email: fohs-ifp@bristol.ac.uk For questions about Medicine : Email: medicine-ifp@bristol.ac.uk Feedback Contact University of Bristol, Beacon House, Queens Road, Bristol, BS8 1QU, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)117 928 9000 Information for Information for New students Current students Current staff Connect Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn TikTok Instagram Study at Bristol Study at Bristol Undergraduate study Postgraduate study International students Accommodation Library Students' Union Sport, exercise and health Research Research Find a researcher Faculty research Impact of our research Research quality and assessment Engaging with the public About the University About the University Maps and travel Tours and visits Events The University on film Explore the city of Bristol Board of Trustees Support the University Support the University Alumni and friends Donate Jobs Jobs Working at Bristol Job listing A-Z of the University A-Z of the University # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all Site and legal Site and legal Help Terms and conditions Accessibility statements Privacy and cookie policy Privacy notices Cookie preferences Modern Slavery statement Copyright © 2026 University of Bristol. All rights reserved. Back to top