Log in E-mail: Password: Registration | I forgot the password About governmental scholarships Application Selection criteria Wizard FAQ Required documents Documents to download Contacts Satisfaction survey Found an error on the page? Technical support helpdesk@smsez.sk +421 907 551 404 (slovak, english) In the event of technical problems with electronic application, call and write, otherwise contact your sending party. Governmental scholarships of the SR for foreign students Required documents Document Description A record of the highest level of education attained A school leaving certificate or university degree. If an applicant received the highest level of education outside the Slovak Republic, there is required an authentication of the signatures and the stamp of the school on such a document by the state authority (which issuing such document or by the state authority where the school is located if an international treaty stipulates otherwise). A certified translation is required of this document into English, Slovak, Czech, French or Spanish. The document can be attached until 31 August - only applicable for students who have not yet completed education at the time of applying for the scholarship. A completion certificates Study results from each year of secondary (high) school if applying for bachelor degree. Or transcript of records from university if applying for master degree or doctoral (PhD.) degree. If you have not finished your studies yet, you can attach results (transcript of records) from the last year until the 31 August. A letter of acceptance An acceptance letter from Slovak public university - this is required only from those who speak Slovak language and have applied to university already. The document can be attached until 31 August. Birth certificate If a birth certificate is in other language than Slovak, Czech, English, French or Spanish, then a certified translation into one of these languages is required. Photograph A photograph measuring 3.5 cm x 4 cm showing the person's full face, with no glasses with dark lenses, with the face height from the eyes to the chin of at least 13 mm; minimum resolution of 350 x 400 pixels is required for digital images. Recommendations 1. If you are applying for bachelor degree, you should attach two recommendations from secondary (high) school teachers or 2. If you are applying for master degree or PhD you should attach two recommendations from your university teachers. Curriculum Vitae and Motivation Letter Signed curriculum vitae and signed motivational letter (briefly state why you decided to study in Slovakia, why you decided to study the chosen specialization, or how you see your perspective future after graduation). Publications Bibliographical details of your publication activities, please specify the name of the publications, author and publisher details - this is an optional attachment for those who apply for doctoral (PhD) degree. Passport A copy of the pages of a passport (travel document) containing the personal details of the holder. Signed application Print the PDF of the filled application form, which you can find in your account, section 1. Applications under the name "Document". Sign the last part of it named "Confirmation" and attach the scan of it. Copyright © 2012 - 2026 Ministry of Education, Research, Development and Youth of the Slovak Republic About system | Any questions? | Declaration of accessibility | Cookie settings