國立清華大學全球事務處全球招生組 Division of Global Students Recruitment and Service, Office of Global Affairs, National Tsing Hua University Tel: +886-3-5162453 Email: itc@my.nthu.edu.tw 115 學年度春季班 外國學生入學申請簡章 Application Guidelines for International Students Spring 2027 -1目錄 Table of Contents I) 申請資格 Eligibility ......................................................................................................... 2 II) 申請流程 Application Procedure ................................................................................... 3 III) 申請文件 Required Documents ...................................................................................... 5 IV) 招生系所/各系所英文授課情形 Available Program/Program taught in English ... 9 V) 各系要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements ........................................................ 15 VI) 申請注意事項 Important Notes for Applicants .......................................................... 74 VII) 申請期限 Application Deadline ................................................................................... 76 VIII) 招生名額 Admission Quota ........................................................................................ 76 IX) 甄選方式 Selection Process .......................................................................................... 76 X) 修業年限 Program Duration ......................................................................................... 76 XI) 放榜 Admission Decisions ............................................................................................ 76 XII) 註冊 Registration ............................................................................................................ 77 XIII) 學雜費收費標準 Tuition and Miscellaneous Fees .................................................. 78 XIV)清華大學國際學生獎學金 NTHU International Student Scholarship .................. 80 XV) 聯絡資訊 Contact Information ..................................................................................... 84 XVI) 附錄 Appendix .............................................................................................................. 85 -2I) 申請資格 Eligibility 符合以下資格者，得依教育部外國學生來臺就學辦法申請入學。 An individual who meets the following criteria is eligible to apply for admission under "MOE i Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan.". A) 具外國國籍且未曾具有中華民國國籍，於申請時並不具僑生資格者。 An individual of foreign nationality, who has never held Republic of China ("R.O.C.") citizenship and who does not possess an Overseas Chinese student status at the time of his/her application is eligible to apply. B) 具外國國籍且符合下列規定，且最近連續居留海外六年以上者。所定六年，以擬入學當學期 起始日期（二月一日或八月一日）為終日計算之。所稱海外，指大陸地區、香港及澳門以外 之國家或地區；所稱連續居留，指外國學生每曆年在國內停留期間未逾一百二十日。 An individual of foreign nationality, pursuant to the following re quirements i.e., who has resided overseas continuously for no less than 6 years is eligible to apply for admission. The six -year calculation period as prescribed shall be calculated to the starting date of the semester (Feb.1 st or Aug.1st). The term "overseas" as prescribed is limited to countries or regions other than Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau; the term "reside overseas continuously" means that an individual may stay in Taiwan for no more than a total of 120 days per calendar year. 1) 申請時兼具中華民國國籍者，應自始未曾在臺設有戶籍。 An individual who is also a citizen of the R.O.C., but does not hold nor has had a household registration in Taiwan is eligible to apply for admission. 2) 申請前曾兼具中華民國國籍，於申請時已不具中華民國國籍者，應自內政部許可喪失中 華民國國籍之日起至申請時已滿八年。 An individual who was a national of the R.O.C. but had his/her citizenship nullified at the time of his/her application shall have an annulled status for more than 8 years as certified by Ministry of the Interior (MOI). 3) 前二款均未曾以僑生身分在臺就學，且未於當學年度經海外聯合招生委員會分發。 Regarding individuals mentioned in the preceding 2 subparagraphs, they must not have studied in Taiwan as an Overseas Chinese student nor received placement permission during the same year of the application by the University Entrance Committee for Overseas Chinese Students. C) 具外國國籍，兼具香 港、澳門永久居留資格，且未曾在臺設有戶籍，申請時於香港、澳門或 海外連續居留滿六年以上者。所稱連續居留，指每曆年在國內停留期間，合計未逾一百二十 日。 An applicant of foreign nationality, concurrently holding a permanent residence status in Hong Kong or Macao, having no history of a household registration record in Taiwan and, at the time of application, who has resided in Hong Kong, Macao, or another foreign country continuously for no less than 6 years, is eligible for admission. The term "reside overseas continuously " mentioned in the preceding paragraph means that an individual may have stayed in Taiwan previously for no more than a total of 120 days per calendar year. D) 曾為大陸地區人民具外國國籍且未曾在臺設有戶籍，申請時已連續居留海外六年以上者。所 稱連續居留，指每曆年在國內停留期間，合計未逾一百二十日。 An applicant who was a former citizen of Mainland China and holds a foreign nationality, havin g no history of household registration record in Taiwan, and at the time of application, has resided overseas continuously for no less than 6 years, is eligible for admission. The term "reside overseas continuously" means that an individual may have stayed in Taiwan for no more than a total of 120 days per calendar year. -3E) 外國學生具高中畢業資格者，得申請學士班。外國學生具學士學位者，得申請碩士班；具碩 士學位者，得申請博士班。 Applicants with a high school diploma are eligible to apply for the four-year undergraduate programs. Applicants with a bachelor's degree are eligible to apply for the master 's programs; applicants with a master's degree are eligible to apply for the doctoral programs. 注意事項 Notes 1) 以上所稱中華民國國籍係依中華民國國籍法第二條所認定之（如下） 。 中華民國國籍法，第二條：有下列各款情形之一者，屬中華民國國籍︰ (i) 出生時父或母為中華民國國民。 (ii) 出生於父或母死亡後，其父或母死亡時為中華民國國民。 (iii) 出生於中華民國領域內，父母均無可考，或均無國籍者。 (iv) 歸化者，前項第一款及第二款之規定，於本法修正公布時之未成年人，亦適用之。 R.O.C. nationality mentioned above is defined in accordance with Article 2 of Nationality Law (see below). According to Article 2 of the Nationality Law, a person shall have the nationality of the R.O.C. under any of the conditions provided by the following subparagraphs: (i) His/Her father or mother was a national of the R.O.C. when he/she was born. (ii) He/She was born after the death of his/her father or mother, and his/her father or mother was a national of the R.O.C. at the time of death. (iii) He/She was born in the territory of the R.O.C., and his/her parents cannot be ascertained, or both were stateless persons. (iv) He/She has undergone the nationalization process. Preceding subparagraph 1 and subparagraph 2 shall also apply to the persons who were minors at the time of the revision and promulgation of this Act. 2) 外國學生經入學學校以操行不及格或學業成績考核未達規定或因犯刑事案件經判刑確定致遭 退學者，不得再依外國學生來臺就學辦法申請入學。 International students who withdraw from university due to behavior issues, poor academic performance or a conviction under the Criminal Code may not thereafter apply again for admission under "MOE Regulation Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan." 3) 外國學生申請資格係依據中華民國教育部《外國學生來臺就學辦法》規定。 辦法如經修正，將以教育部公告為準。有關辦法之最新訊息，請洽詢中華民國教育部網頁或 全國法規資料庫：https://reurl.cc/kX0Q5r。倘若違反教育部規定，經查證屬實者，撤銷其入 學資格，開除學籍且不發給任何學歷證明。 The application eligibility is based on "MOE Regulation Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan." If the MOE Regulations are revised, the most updated MOE Regulations shall prevail. For the latest information regarding the MOE Regula tions, please visit MOE website or Laws & Regulation Database at https://reurl.cc/nD0Rzl Violation of the "MOE Regulation" will result in immediate cancellation of the applicant's admission or the deprivation of the applicant's recognized status as NTHU registered student. No academic certificate will be given. II) 申請流程 Application Procedure A) 登入國立清華大學外國學生入學申請線上系統 Go to NTHU International Student Online Application System -4https://nthuoga-admission.vm.nthu.edu.tw/student/index/portal B) 設定帳號及密碼 Create Your Account 進入申請線上系統後點選「註冊帳號」 ，請設定您的帳號(電子郵件帳號)以及密碼。 輸入完畢後， 請點選「送出」 ，未完成註冊無法登入系統。本校一律以電子郵件帳號通知申請相關訊息，申 請者務必使用有效的電子郵件帳號， 以避免因使用錯誤導致無法收到訊息。 Click "Register" to create a Login ID (email account) and password to set up an account. The system will create an account for you after clicking "Submit". You cannot begin applying without first setting up your account. A valid email is required to continue the process, as this will be our primary means of communication with you. If you do not have a valid email account, please create one before proceeding. C) 填寫線上申請表 Fill Out the Application Information 需填寫的申請資訊分成五個部分，分別是「個人申請資訊」 、 「家庭資訊」 、 「教育背景」 、 「語言 能力」及「其他資訊」 。於每個部分填寫完後，請先按儲存後，點選下一步到下一個頁面。 The application has five sections, which are "Applicant Information," "Family Information," "Education Background, "Language Background," and "Other Information." When finished with each section, please click "Save" and then "Next" to proceed. D) 填寫推薦人資訊並寄送推薦信通知 Fill Out Recommenders and Send the Notice 需填寫推薦人資訊，填畢後點選"寄送"以完成推薦信填寫通知。 Fill out your recommenders and click "Send Notice" to proceed. E) 申請費 Application Fee i. 申請費計算如下表 See The Form Below For The Charging Fee 總申請系所數 The total amount of applied programs 支付總金額 The total amount of application fee 申請1個系所 Apply for 1 program TWD 2,000 申請2個系所 Apply for 2 programs TWD 2,000 申請3個系所 Apply for 3 programs TWD 4,000 申請4個系所 Apply for 4 programs TWD 4,000 補充: 聯合國大會決議暨經濟及社會理事會訂定辦法中所列的 44 個國家低度開發國家(LDCs) 申請者免繳報名費。國家連接。 For applicants who hold Least Developed Countries (LDCs) nationality are FREE of charge. According to United Nations General Assembly resolutions and regulations set by the United Nations Economic and Social Council, the list of LDCs consists of 44 countries. Country List Link 繳費方式 Payment Method 1. 國內繳款：填報線上申請表後下載列印繳費單至台灣銀行全省各地分行櫃檯繳 費，或持金 融卡（請勿使用信用卡）於全省各地自動櫃員機 （ATM）辦理轉帳， 轉帳衍生相關費用需由繳款人自行負擔。 Domestic (Taiwan) payment: After you have completed the online application form, the system will automatically generate a payment form. Print out the payment form and make the payment to any Bank of Taiwan branch in Taiwan at the counter. -5Alternatively, you may pay via bank transfer with the use of a bank card (Do Not Use Credit Card) at any ATM in Taiwan. Any charge for bank transfers shall be borne by the applicant. 2. 線上信用卡繳款：於線上刷卡完成繳款作業後，下載「線上刷卡繳費證明」 。 Online Credit Card Payment: Please pay through the online credit card payment system. Then, download the "payment invoice". Click "payment record "and make screenshot as the payment invoice. 1) 未收到申請費之申請件，將不予受理。 Applications with unpaid application fees will not be processed. 2) 國內繳款限以新臺幣計；不接受其他幣值，且不接受郵寄現金或支票。 Domestic (Taiwan) payments are only accepted in NT dollars. Other currencies and cash sent by post and/or in bank notes will not be accepted. 3) 申請費一經繳交，恕不退還，包含申請未完成、放棄申請、申請資格不符、逾期送件、 溢繳、重複繳費、誤繳等。 The application fee is non -refundable under any circumstances, including cases of incomplete applications, cancelled applications, ineligible applications, late applications, overpayment, double payment, mistaken payment and etc. F) 上傳申請文件 Upload Requirements 依規定上傳申請文件 Prepare materials required for uploading. The applicant must upload all application requirements. G) 確認後送出申請資料 Confirm and Submit Your Application 確認上傳資料後點選「送出」以完成申請程序。 雖已於報名登錄期限前上網登錄報名表及繳費 者，但未於繳件期限日內完成上傳申請資料，視同放棄報名。 The applicant must confirm and click "Submit" to complete the application. Applicants who complete the online application and payment but fail to upload all required documents by the application deadline will be considered to have withdrawn their application. III) 申請文件 Required Documents A) 申請費收據 Application fee Payment Receipt 請務必將申請費繳費收據 (轉帳明細表或刷卡繳費 證明)上傳至線上申請系統。並於申請費 繳費收據上註明申請編號。若申請二系所以上，需將所 有申請編號登錄於收據。請見 範例 一及範例二。 Be sure to upload the application fee payment receipt (either transaction receipt or payment record screenshot) onto the online application system after you have made the payment. Please specify your application number on the receipt. If you are applying for more than one program, please include all applications numbers on the receipt. See example one and two. B) 線上入學申請表 The online application form 請至本校「外國學生線上系統」填寫入學申請資料。 The applicant must complete the application form through the NTHU's online application system. C) 畢業證書影本一份／One copy of your diploma 畢業證書須為中文或英文，中、英文以外之語文，除須提供原文正本， 另須檢附正式翻譯的 英文或中文譯本 。申請者如是應屆畢業生，請提交校方出具 之應屆畢業證明 。欲申請第二個 注意事項 Notes -6同等學位者，請同時提交第一學位的畢業證書影本。若持大陸地區學士學位以上者，需另繳 交學位證明書。 ■ 申請學士班：高中畢業證書 ■ 申請碩士班：大學畢業證書 ■ 申請博士班： 碩士畢業證書。 註：核定錄取後須另檢附經公證之中文或英文譯本。 NTHU only accepts diplomas written in English or Chinese. Thus, if your diploma were written in other languages, it should be accompanied by an official English or Chinese translated version. Applicants who are in the process of completing studies must submit a certificate of expected graduation from the school clearly stating the anticipated credit obtained, graduation date, and degree. Applicants who will be pursuing a second degree in a different field of study must also submit a photoc opy of the first degree/diploma. Applicants, who received a bachelor degree or above from schools in Mainland China, are required to additionally provide certificate of degree conferral. ■ Applicants for Bachelor programs: high school diploma ■ Applicants for Master programs: bachelor degree 's diploma ■ Applicants for the Ph.D. programs: master degree 's diploma. Note: The notarized English or Chinese diplomas will be required after an acceptance of admission. D) 成績單影本一份／One copy of your official transcript(s) 成績單(中文或英文)須有申請人姓名、就讀系所(專業)、在校每學期修讀課程成績 、入學及畢 業時間，並附上成績評分標準對照表。 如成績單 為中、英文以外之語文，除須提供原文正本， 另須檢附正式翻譯之中文或英文譯本。■ 申請學士班：高中歷年成績單 ■ 申請碩士班：大學歷 年成績單 ■ 申請博士班：碩士歷年成績單 。註：核定錄取後須另檢附經公證之中文或英文譯 本。 Academic transcript (in Chinese or English) must include the applicant 's name, department/major, grades for all courses taken each semester during enrollment, and the dates of admission and graduation. A grading scale/conversion table must also be attached. If it is not in Chinese or in English, it should be accompanied by an officia l English or Chinese translated version. In addition, the grading system must also be included. ■ Applicants for Bachelor programs: transcripts of the high school ■ Applicants for Master programs: transcripts of the bachelor degree ■ Applicants for the Ph.D. programs: transcripts of the master degree. Note: The notarized English or Chinese transcript will be required after an acceptance of admission. 註: 一、持高級中等學校學歷者，累計修業時間應符合當地國學制之規定。二、持學士學位者， 累計修業時間至少須滿三十二個月。三、持碩士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿八個月。 1. An applicant who has s enior secondary school academic credential shall have spent a total period undertaking the senior secondary program that satisfies the regulations of the education system in the country where the school they attended is located. 2. An applicant who has a b achelor's degree shall have spent a total period of at least 32 full months undertaking the bachelor 's degree program. 3. An applicant who has a master 's degree shall have spent a total period of at least eight full months undertaking the master's degree program. E) 讀書計畫一份 One copy of statement of purpose ■學士班：請參考讀書計畫檔案以中文或英文撰寫。 ■碩士班、博士班：於這份讀書計畫 中，請簡要寫出一篇至多三頁的說明，內容建議包括選擇 本校、學系、學程的動機。 ■Bachelor Applicants: Please download the "statement of purpose instructions for international applicants" and you may write in C hinese or English. ■Master/Ph. D. Applicants: Please write a brief statement of purpose with minimum of one page and no more than three pages. In the statement of purpose, applicants are encouraged to provide their motivation for choosing NTHU and the specific department/program. F) 推薦信兩封 Two recommendation letters 請於線上系統填寫兩位推薦人資料，建議推薦者為能評量申請者學術能力及研究潛力的師 -7長為優先。填畢推薦人資訊後，務必點擊"寄出通知"，推薦人才能收到系統寄發的推薦信 填寫通知。請自行確認推薦人於申請期限內完成線上推薦信上傳或填寫，否則無法送出申 請件。 Complete the information for two recommenders on the online application sys tem. Preferably, recommenders are teachers who can evaluate your academic qualifications and research potential. Fill out your recommenders and click "Send Notice" to proceed. Please ensure that your recommenders complete your recommendations before the ap plication deadline or you can not submit your application. G) 財力證明 Financial Statement 申請者需提供足夠在臺就學之存款證明(新臺幣12萬元或4千美金)或已獲獎獎學金證明，以 上皆須為英文或者中文。存款證明須為最近3個月由金融機構核發，請註明幣值及匯率(如 幣值非美金或台幣)並換算為新台幣或美金的總額。如存款證明非申請者帳戶，需檢附財 力切結書並敘明兩者關係。資助者僅限提供個人帳戶資料，不接受公司帳戶。另外，國立 清華大學國際學生獎學金申請表不能作為財力證明。財力證明請見範例。 All applicants are required to provide either an official bank final balance statement (NTD 120,000 or USD 4,000) or proof of granted scholarship that shows their financial sustainability for study in Taiwan. All documents must be written in English or Chinese. The bank final balance statement(s) should be dated within the last 3 months from a financial institution. If the currency is not in NTD or USD, please note the exchange rate and conversion of the total amount in NTD or USD. If the bank account is from their sponsor to satisfy this financial obligation, then their sponsor must sign the [Certification of Financial Responsibility Form] and declaring the relationship to the applicant. For sponsor's account, we only accept personal account. We do not accept corporate account. More, NTHU International Student Scholarship application form cannot be used as a financial statement. See example here. H) 財力切結書 Certification of Financial Responsibility Form 財力切結書填寫財力來源，若財力來源非申請者，請填寫與申請者關係與資訊。 On the form, applicants must state the source of the money relates to the Financial Statement. If the bank account is from their sponsor to satisfy this financial obligation, then their sponsor must provide a statement declaring your relationship to the applicant and their intent to provide financial support throughout their period of study. Select "personal funds" if the name of the bank statement is same as the applicant. Select "sponsor" if the name of the bank statement is different than the applicant. I) 具結書 Declaration Form 請於線上系統列印並詳讀具結書後簽署。本校視個案情況得要求申請者檢附由內政部核發 的「喪失國籍許可證明書」影本及「入出國日期證明書」 ，並簽署未設戶籍證明書等文 件。範例。 Print the declaration form (generated by the online application system) and after reviewing the form, please print and sign at the bottom of the form. If applicable, we may ask the applicant to submit a copy of the "Forfeited Nationality Permit Certificate," "Certificate of Entry and Exit Dates" issued by MOI and a signed "Non-Household Registration Declaration." See example here. J) 國籍證明文件 Verification of Nationality 申請者須繳交國籍證明文件或護照影本。若持有居留證，請一併提供。 Provide verification of your nationality or a copy of your passport. Please also provide Alien Resident Certificate (if any). K) 國立清華大學之入學語言門檻 National Tsing Hua University's Minimal Language Requirements if the department has higher standard, please refer to the requirement of the department. -8i. 英語能力證明可繳交以下任一，若科系有額外要求則以系所為準： Proof of English Proficiency (fulfilling ONE of the followings): 1. 英語能力測驗達 CEFR B2 等級以上 Certificate of CEFR B2 level or above. TOEFL iBT 4.0 Scale: 4.0 (Legacy TOEFL iBT score minimum: 71; TOEFL Home Edition and TOEFL ITP are not accepted.) TOEIC(Public Testing Programme): 750 IELTS (Academic): 5.5 2. 英語系國籍者，提供國籍證明文件(註.菲律賓、紐西蘭、澳洲皆歸類為英語系國家， 印度不歸類為英語系國家) 國家認定連結。 If you are from an English-speaking country, provide Nationality Document. (Note. Philippine, Australia, and New Zealand are included as English-speaking country, India is not included.) Country List Link 3. 前一學位為全英語授課 ，提供學校開立證明。 If your previous degree is fully taught in English, provide an official statement 4. 前一學位為英語文相關科系，提供畢業證書。 If your previous degree is English Language related degree, provide diploma ii. 華語能力證明可繳交以下任一： Proof of Mandarin Proficiency (fulfilling ONE of the followings): 1. 華語文能力測驗或其他同等級檢定，達華語文能力測驗：基礎級二級(TOCFL A2) 或 新漢語水平考試：四級(HSK L4) 以上。 Test of Chinese as a Foreign Language TOCFL A2 level or HSK L4 or above, or other official credentials for equivalent Chinese language competency. 2. 國籍為華語系國家(例如:新加坡) If you are from a Chinese-Speaking Country, provide Nationality Document. (Ex. Singapore) 3. 前一學位為中文授課，提供學校開立證明。若前一學歷為中國的學校畢業，提供畢 業證書。 Your previous degree is fully taught in Chinese, provide an official statement. If your previous degree is obtained in China, provide degree diploma. 4. 前一學位為中文語文相關科系，提供畢業證書。 If your previous degree is Chinese Language related programs, provide degree diploma. iii. 依系所授課語言不同而需繳交不同的語言能力證明，例如中國文學系為全中文授課， 則只須繳交華語能力證明，不需繳交英語能力證明。 The minimal language requirements are set according to the language taught by the program. For example, programs offered by "Department of Chinese Literature" are fully taught in Chinese, the applicants are only required to provide "proof of Mandarin Proficiency". No need to provide "proof of English Proficiency". 根據「Ⅳ各系所英文授課情形」標示顏色，各系所/學程或需繳交最低門檻之英語能 力證明與華語能力證明，對照表如下： According to the language taught in the program (listed on page 8, Ⅳ Program taught in English), there are 4 classifications indicated by 4 colors. The table below shows the minimal requirement for each color represented. -9是否需繳交英語能力證明 Minimal Requirement Proof of English Proficiency 是否需要繳交華語能力證明 Minimal Requirement Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ● 是 Yes 否 No ● 是 Yes 否 No ● 是 Yes 是 Yes ● 否 No 是 Yes 1) 本處所指之英語能力證明與華語能力證明為學校規定之最低繳交門檻，然各系所仍可 能提高其規定分數門檻，請參「Ｌ系所規定文件」說明 (第15-68頁)。 Minimal Language Requirements are set by NTHU. However, each program may raise requirement to achieve their need. Please check page 15-68 for Program-Specific Requirements. IV) 招生系所 / 各系所英文授課情形 Available Program / Program taught in English ● 該系所/學程全英文授課 Program is fully taught in English ● 該系所/學程部分英文授課，且可滿足畢業要求 Program has sufficient English courses to meet graduation requirements ● 該系所/學程部分英文授課，但無法滿足畢業要求 Program provides English courses but doesn't meet graduation requirements ● 該系所/學程全中文授課 Program is fully taught in Chinese. 此梯次不開放申請 Program not available. A) 理學院 College of Science 注意事項 Notes -10系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 化學系 Department of Chemistry - ● ● 數學系(數學組) Department of Mathematics (Mathematics Division) ● ● 數學系(應用數學組) Department of Mathematics (Applied Mathematics Division) ● ● 數學系 Department of Mathematics - - ● 物理學系 物理組 Department of Physics (Program of Physics) - ● 物理學系 應用物理組 Department of Physics (Program of Applied Physics) - ● 物理學系 光電物理組 Department of Physics (Program of Optics and Photonics) - ● 物理學系 Department of Physics - - ● 天文研究所 Institute of Astronomy - ● ● 計算與建模科學研究所 Institute of Computational and Modeling Science - ● 統計與數據科學研究所 Institute of Statistics and Data Science - ● ● B) 工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 化學工程學系 Department of Chemical Engineering - ● ● 工業工程與工程管理學系 Department of Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management - ● ● 材料科學工程學系 Department of Materials Science and Engineering ● ● ● -11系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 動力機械工程學系 Department of Power Mechanical Engineering ● ● ● 生物醫學工程研究所 Institute of Biomedical Engineering - ● ● 奈米工程與微系統研究所 Institute of NanoEngineering and MicroSystems - ● ● C) 原子科學院 College of Nuclear Science 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 生醫工程與環境科學系 Department of Biomedical Engineering and Environmental Sciences ● ● ● 工程與系統科學系 Department of Engineering and System Science ● ● ● 核子工程與科學研究所 Institute of Nuclear Engineering and Science - ● ● 分析與環境科學研究所 Institute of Analytical and Environmental Sciences - ● ● 環境科技博士學位學程 International Ph. D. Program in Environmental Science and Technology - - ● D) 生命科學暨醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 生物資訊與結構生物研究所 Institute of Bioinformatics and Structural Biology - ● ● 生物科技研究所 Institute of Biotechnology - ● ● 分子與細胞生物研究所 Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biology - ● ● 分子醫學研究所 Institute of Molecular Medicine - ● ● -12系統神經科學研究所 Institute of Systems Neuroscience - ● ● 跨領域神經科學博士學位學程(台灣聯合大學系統) International Ph.D. Program in Interdisciplinary Neuroscience (University System of Taiwan) - - ● E) 電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 資訊工程學系 Department of Computer Science - ● ● 電機工程學系 Department of Electrical Engineering - ● ● 通訊工程研究所 Institute of Communications Engineering - ● ● 電子工程研究所 Institute of Electronics Engineering - ● ● 資訊系統與應用研究所 Institute of Information Systems and Applications - ● ● 資訊安全研究所 Institute of Information Security - ● 光電工程研究所 Institute of Photonics Technologies - ● ● 光電博士學位學程(台灣聯合大學系統) Ph.D. Program in Photonics ( University System of Taiwan) - - ● F) 人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 中國文學系 Department of Chinese Literature ● ● ● 人文社會學院學士班 Interdisciplinary Program of Humanities and Social Sciences ● - 外國語文學系 ( 甲組 外國文學組 ) Department of Foreign Languages and Literature (Literature) - ● -13系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 外國語文學系 (乙組 語言研究與教學組 ) Department of Foreign Languages and Literature (Language Research & Teaching) - ● 歷史研究所 Institute of History - ● ● 語言學研究所 Institute of Linguistics - ● ● 哲學研究所 Institute of Philosophy - ● ● 華文文學研究所 Institute of Sinophone Studies - ● 社會學研究所 Institute of Sociology - ● ● 台灣文學研究所 Institute of Taiwan Literature - ● ● G) 科技管理學院 College of Technology Management 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 計量財務金融學系 Department of Quantitative Finance - - ● 科技法律研究所 Institute of Law for Science and Technology - ● ● 服務科學研究所 Institute of Service Science - - ● H) 竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 幼兒教育學系 The Department of Early Childhood Education ● ● 教育與學習科技學系碩士班(行政與評鑑組) Department of Education and Learning Technology (Division of Administration and Evaluation) - ● 教育與學習科技學系碩士班(課程與教學組) Department of Education and Learning Technology (Division of Curriculum and Instruction) - ● -14系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 教育與學習科技學系 Department of Education and Learning Technology ● - ● 英語教學系 Department of English Instruction - ● 環境與文化資源學系 Department of Environmental and Cultural Resources - ● 運動科學系 Department of Kinesiology ● ● 特殊教育學系 Department of Special Education - ● 數理教育研究所 Graduate Institute of Mathematics and Science Education - ● 學習科學與科技研究所 Institute of Learning Sciences and Technologies - ● 臺灣語言研究與教學研究所 Institute of Taiwan Languages and Language Teaching - ● ● 竹師教教學院博士班 Ph.D. Program in Education Sciences - - ● I) 藝術學院 College of Arts 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 藝術學院學士班 Interdisciplinary Program of Technology and Art ● - 藝術與設計學系(設計組) Department of Arts and Design (Design) ● - 藝術與設計學系(創作組) Department of Arts and Design (Fine Art) ● - 藝術與設計學系 Department of Arts and Design - ● 音樂系 Department of Music ● ● J) 教務處 Office of Academic Affairs -15系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 跨院國際碩士學位學程(華語教學組) International Intercollegiate MS Program (MA in Teaching Chinese as a Second/Foreign Language) - ● 跨院國際博士班學位學程(一般組) International Intercollegiate Ph.D. Program (General Section) - - ● 跨院國際博士班學位學程(人文組) International Intercollegiate Ph.D. Program (Division of Humanities) - - ● 跨院國際博士班學位學程(智慧製造與數位決策組) International Intercollegiate Ph.D. Program (Section of Smart Manufacturing & Digital Decision) - - ● 智慧生醫博士學位學程 Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Artificial Intelligence - - ● K) 半導體研究學院 College of Semiconductor Research 系所 Department /Institute 學位/Degree 學士 Bachelor 碩士 Master 博士 Ph.D. 半導體研究學院 College of Semiconductor Research - ● ● V) 各系要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements A) 理學院 College of Science 理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 化學系 Department of Chemistry 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) -16理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 化學系 Department of Chemistry 博士 Ph.D. 選繳 Optional 1. TOFEL 2. GRE 3. GATE 4. CSIR 5. 著作論文 Publications ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系指導教授聯繫 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://chem-en.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: chem@my.nthu.edu.tw 數學系甲組(數學組) Department of Mathematics Division A (Mathematics Division) 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八 頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 自傳 Personal Statement 4. 讀書計畫：1000 字內 Study Plan: written in 1000 words ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時將進行電訪或視訊。 Interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://www.math.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: math@math.nthu.edu.tw 數學系乙組(應用數學組) Department of Mathematics Division B (Applied Mathematics Division) 數學系(數學組) Department of Mathematics (Mathematics Division) 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required -17理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 數學系(應用數學組) Department of Mathematics (Applied Mathematics Division) Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八 頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 自傳 Personal Statement 4. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 5. GRE or GRE Subject Test (Mathematics) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時將進行電訪或視訊。 Interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://www.math.nthu.edu.tw/index.php 2. Email:math@math.nthu.edu.tw -18理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 數學系 Department of Mathematics 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八 頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 自傳 Personal Statement 4. 學習研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 5. 碩士論文 Master's thesis 6. GRE or GRE Subject Test (Mathematics) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時將進行電訪或視訊。 Interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://www.math.nthu.edu.tw/index.php 2. Email: math@math.nthu.edu.tw 物理學系(物理組) Department of Physics (Program of Physics) 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 研究計畫(英文) Research Statement in English 3. 指導教授同意書(必須包含申請人與本系指導教授電子簽 章) Graduate Student Thesis / Dissertation Advisor(s) Agreement (Electronic signatures from both the applicant and the supervising professor from our department are required.) Download from: https://phys.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/406-1335物理學系(應用物理組) Department of Physics (Program of Applied Physics) 碩士 Master -19理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 物理學系(光電物理組) Department of Physics (Program of Optics and Photonics) 碩士 Master 188290,r3621.php?Lang=en (Website of NTHU physics department > Student > Form) 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency 2. 英文自傳 Personal Statement in English ◼ 備註 NOTES 強烈建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is strongly recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://phys.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: office@phys.nthu.edu.tw 物理學系 Department of Physics 博士 Ph.D 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 碩士論文 Master Thesis 3. 研究計畫(英文) Research Statement in English 4. 指導教授同意書(必須包含申請人與本系指導教授電子簽 章) Graduate Student Thesis / Dissertation Advisor(s) Agreement (Electronic signatures from both the applicant and the supervising professor from our department are required.) Download from: https://phys.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/406-1335188290,r3621.php?Lang=en (Website of NTHU physics department > Student > Form) 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency 2. 著作論文 Publications 3. 英文自傳 Personal Statement in English -20理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 物理學系 Department of Physics ◼ 備註 NOTES 強烈建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is strongly recommended ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://phys.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php 2. Email: office@phys.nthu.edu.tw 天文研究所 Institute of Astronomy 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 英文自傳 Personal Statement in English 3. 研究計畫(英文) Research Statement in English 4. 指導教授同意書 Graduate Student Thesis/ Dissertation Advisor(s) Agreement https://astr.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-1336-6502.php?Lang=en 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 必須事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is required. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.astr.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: astroffice@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 英文自傳 Personal Statement in English 3. 碩士論文、著作等 Master Thesis, Publications, etc. 4. 研究計畫(英文) -21理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 天文研究所 Institute of Astronomy Research Statement in English 5. 指導教授同意書 Graduate Student Thesis/ Dissertation Advisor(s) Agreement https://astr.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-1336-6502.php?Lang=en 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 必須事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is required. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.astr.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: astroffice@my.nthu.edu.tw 計算與建模科學研究所 Institute of Computational and Modeling Science 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://icms.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: icms@my.nthu.edu.tw 統計與數據科學研究所 Institute of Statistics and Data Science 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Autobiography 3. 請檢附以下三類之修課證明：至少2學期微積分、至少1 門線性代數和至少一門機率論 Please provide the following three statements to prove that you have taken these courses: at least two semesters of calculus, at least one course in linear algebra, at least one course in probability theory. -22理學院 College of Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 學系要求文件 Program Requirements 統計與數據科學研究所 Institute of Statistics and Data Science 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 視情況舉行面試(視訊) Interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://stat.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: stat@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Autobiography 3. 碩士論文 Master Thesis 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 視情況舉行面試(視訊) Interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://stat.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: stat@my.nthu.edu.tw -23B) 工學院 College of Engineering 工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 化學工程學系 Department of Chemical Engineering 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：CEFR B1 等級以上(TOEFL iBT42, TOEIC 550, IELTS 4.0)證明，以及取得本系教授同意證 明。 Proof of English Proficiency: Certificate of CEFR B1 level or above (TOEFL iBT 42, TOEIC 550, IELTS 4.0), along with proof of approval from a faculty member of the department. 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://www.che.nthu.edu.tw/?locale=en 2. Email: che@che.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 工業工程與工程管理學系 Department of Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 研究構想表 Research Proposal Form 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency 2. 著作、獲獎證明、GRE 或其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards, GRE or Others ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info -24工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 工業工程與工程管理學系 Department of Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management 1. Website: http://www.ie.nthu.edu.tw/index.php 2. Email: ieem@ie.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 研究構想表 Research Proposal Form 3. 基礎科目審定表 Survey of Fundamental Course 4. 碩士論文 Master Thesis 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency 2. 著作、 獲獎證明、GRE 或其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards, GRE or Others ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.ie.nthu.edu.tw/index.php 2. Email: ieem@ie.nthu.edu.tw 材料科學工程學系 Department of Materials Science and Engineering 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八 頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 個人資料表 Personal Profile 4. 學校數據檔案： 這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填寫，若高中 無輔導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填寫。請 -25工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 材料科學工程學系 Department of Materials Science and Engineering 完整填寫表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator may fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly. 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽 成果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 評量方式以書面為主，必要時得電話或視訊訪談。 Evaluation is mainly based on the submitted documents. Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://mse.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: mse@my.nthu.edu.tw 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 選繳 Optional 1. 著作、獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://mse.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: mse@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. -26工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 動力機械工程學系 Department of Power Mechanical Engineering 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。惟不接受「前一學位為全英語授課者得檢附全英 語授課證明」。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page 7). Only the statement showing previous degree which is taught entirely in English is not acceptable. 2. 華語能力證明：僅接受TOCFL (高階級) Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Only accepts TOCFL Level 4 3. 個人資料表 Personal Profile 4. 學校數據檔案 這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填寫，若高中 無輔導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填寫。請 完整填寫表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator may fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly. 5. 學前測驗科目：微積分、物理 Pre-Test: Calculus; Physics 6. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽 成果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明)。 Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc.) are required. ◼ 備註 NOTES 評量方式以書面為主，必要時得電話或視訊訪談。 Evaluation is mainly based on the submitted documents. Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.pme.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: pme@pme.nthu.edu.tw -27工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 動力機械工程學系 Department of Power Mechanical Engineering 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。惟托福iBT需達79分、多益需達800分、雅思需達 6.5分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page 7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be above 79; and for TOEIC, the score should be over 800; and for IELTS, the score should be above 6.5. 2. 獲獎證明及其他資料 Certificates of honors and awards received or other supporting documents 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.pme.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: pme@pme.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 生物醫學工程研究所 Institute of Biomedical Engineering 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明、著作及其他資料 Certificate of Honors and Awards, Publication & Others ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://my.nthu.edu.tw/~bme/index%20ENG.html 2. Email: bme@my.nthu.edu.tw -28工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 生物醫學工程研究所 Institute of Biomedical Engineering 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 選繳 Optional 1. 研究計畫、獲獎證明、著作及其他資料 Research Plan, Certificate of Honors and Awards, Publication & Others ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://my.nthu.edu.tw/~bme/index%20ENG.html 2. Email: bme@my.nthu.edu.tw 奈米工程與微系統研究所 Institute of NanoEngineering and MicroSystems 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計畫(1000 字內) Research Proposal (1000 words at most) 選繳 Optional 1. 著作 Publication 2. 獲獎證明 Certificate of Honor and Awards 3. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency 4. 其他 Other beneficial documents ◼ 備註 NOTES 1. 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 2. 系所將會聯繫推薦人，敬請提供推薦人工作或職務電子 郵件。 博士 Ph.D. -29工學院 College of Engineering 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 奈米工程與微系統研究所 Institute of NanoEngineering and MicroSystems The Institute will contact with referees. Please provide referees' professional email addresses (Gmail, Yahoo mail, Hotmail etc. accounts will not be acceptable). ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://nems.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: mems@my.nthu.edu.tw -30C) 原子科學院 College of Nuclear Science 原子科學院 College of Nuclear Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 生醫工程與環境科學 系 Department of Biomedical Engineering and Environmental Sciences 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 個人資料表 Personal Profile 4. 學校數據檔案： 這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填寫，若高中無輔 導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填寫。請完整填寫 表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator may fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly. 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成 果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 評量方式以書面為主，必要時得電話或視訊訪談。 Evaluation is mainly based on the submitted documents. Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://bmes.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: ns@my.nthu.edu.tw 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement ◼ 備註 NOTES 博士 Ph.D. -31原子科學院 College of Nuclear Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 生醫工程與環境科學 系 Department of Biomedical Engineering and Environmental Sciences 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://bmes.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: ns@my.nthu.edu.tw 工程與系統科學系 Department of Engineering and System Science 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 自傳 Personal Statement 4. 個人資料表 Personal Profile 5. 學校數據檔案： 這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填寫，若高中無輔 導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填寫。請完整填寫 表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator ma y fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly. 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成 果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 評量方式以書面為主，必要時得電話或視訊訪談。 Evaluation is mainly based on the submitted documents. Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.ess.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: office@ess.nthu.edu.tw -32原子科學院 College of Nuclear Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 工程與系統科學系 Department of Engineering and System Science 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.ess.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: office@ess.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 核子工程與科學研究 所 Institute of Nuclear Engineering and Science 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七 頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 選繳 Optional 1. 著作 Publications ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.nes.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: nes@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. 2. 自傳 Personal Statement -33原子科學院 College of Nuclear Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 核子工程與科學研究 所 Institute of Nuclear Engineering and Science 選繳 Optional 1. 著作 Publications 2. 碩士論文 Master Thesis ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.nes.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: nes@my.nthu.edu.tw 分析與環境科學研究 所 Institute of Analytical and Environmental Sciences 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 選繳 Optional 1. 其他 Other beneficial documents ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://iaes.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=zh-tw 2. Email: iaes@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 環境科技博士學位學 程 International Ph. D. Program in Environmental Science and Technology 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 選繳 Optional 1. 其他 Other beneficial documents -34原子科學院 College of Nuclear Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 環境科技博士學位學 程 International Ph. D. Program in Environmental Science and Technology ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ust-est.csrsr.ncu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: iaes@my.nthu.edu.tw D) 生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 生物資訊與結構生物 研究所 Institute of Bioinformatics and Structural Biology 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty m ember prior to application will receive priorit y consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ibs.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: sb@life.nthu.edu.tw -35生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 生物資訊與結構生物 研究所 Institute of Bioinformatics and Structural Biology 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分、多益需達750分、雅思需達6.0分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; and for TOEIC, the score should be over 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ibs.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: sb@life.nthu.edu.tw 生物科技研究所 Institute of Biotechnology 碩士 Master 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 -36生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 生物科技研究所 Institute of Biotechnology Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ibt.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: bt@life.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分、多益需達750分、雅思需達6.0分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; and for TOEIC, the score should be over 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en -37生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 生物科技研究所 Institute of Biotechnology ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ibt.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: bt@life.nthu.edu.tw 分子與細胞生物 研究所 Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biology 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://imcb.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: mcb@life.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分、多益需達750分、雅思需達6.0分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; and for TOEIC, the score should be over 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. -38生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 分子與細胞生物 研究所 Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biology 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CL SM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://imcb.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: mcb@life.nthu.edu.tw 分子醫學研究所 Institute of Molecular Medicine 碩士 Master 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member p rior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) -39生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 分子醫學研究所 Institute of Molecular Medicine is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website:https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/405-1469283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://imm.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: mm@life.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分、多益需達750分、雅思需達6.0分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; and for TOEIC, the score should be over 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://imm.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: mm@life.nthu.edu.tw -40生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 系統神經科學 研究所 Institute of Systems Neuroscience 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://isn.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: sn@life.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分、多益需達750分、雅思需達6.0分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; and for TOEIC, the score should be over 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional -41生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 系統神經科學 研究所 Institute of Systems Neuroscience 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://isn.site.nthu.edu.tw/app/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: sn@life.nthu.edu.tw -42生命科學曁醫學院 College of Life Sciences and Medicine 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 跨領域神經科學博士 學位學程(台灣聯合大 學系統) International Ph.D. Program in Interdisciplinary Neuroscience (University System of Taiwan) 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分、多益需達750分、雅思需達6.0分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; and for TOEIC, the score should be over 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. 2. 自傳 Personal Statement 3. 研究計劃書 Study Plan and Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 著作獲獎證明及其他資料 Publication, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others 2. 意向書 A letter of intent addressed to the institute, including the faculty member(s) listed as prospective advisor(s) Applicants who obtain an expression of interest in supervision from a faculty member prior to application will receive priority consideration. Therefore, early contact with prospective advisor(s) is strongly recommended. Download the format of "Faculty Agreement of Supervision Form" from CLSM website: https://cls.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/4051469-283865,c21166.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ustnc-e.ym.edu.tw//bin/home.php 2. Email: jessica@life.nthu.edu.tw -43E) 電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 資訊工程學系 Department of Computer Science 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分、雅思需達6.0分。本系不採計多益。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79 and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. The department does not accept TOEIC. 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明。(第八頁) Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). 3. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：競賽成果、學生幹部 證明） Awards or other supporting materials (competition, student leadership...etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://dcs-en.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php 2. Email: office@cs.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 電機工程學系 Department of Electrical Engineering 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福 iBT 需達 80 分、雅思需達 6.5 分。本系不採計多益。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 80 and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.5. The department does not accept TOEIC. 2. 意向書 A letter of intent to the department, including the faculty member contacts as prospective advisor. ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://web.ee.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: office@ee.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 -44電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 電機工程學系 Department of Electrical Engineering 惟托福 iBT 需達 80 分、雅思需達 6.5 分。本系不採計多益。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 80 and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.5. The department do not adopt the TOEIC. 2. 意向書 A letter of intent to the department, including the faculty member contacts as prospective advisor. 3. 碩士論文或技術報告 Master Thesis or Technical Reports ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://web.ee.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: office@ee.nthu.edu.tw 通訊工程研究所 Institute of Communications Engineering 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). 2. 意向書(與教授聯繫之電子郵件) It is required to contact potential advisors in advance and provide the related email correspondence. 3. 有利文件 Other documents to support your application ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://com.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: comoffice@ee.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). 2. 意向書(與教授聯繫之電子郵件) It is required to contact potential advisors in advance and provide the related email correspondence. 3. 有利文件 (如：碩士論文、榮譽或獲獎等資料) Other documents to support your application e.g. Master Thesis, Honor, or Awards, etc. -45電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 通訊工程研究所 Institute of Communications Engineering ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://com.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: comoffice@ee.nthu.edu.tw 電子工程研究所 Institute of Electronics Engineering 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明需繳交以下任一： Please provide one of the following English proficiency proof. 1) 英語能力測驗達 CEFR C1 等級以上。托福 iBT 需達 83 分、多益測驗需達 880 分、雅思需達 6.5 分。 Certificate of CEFR C1 level or above. (TOEFL iBT 83, TOEIC 880, IELTS 6.5). 2) 英語系國籍者，提供國籍證明文件。 If you are from an English-speaking country, provide Nationality Document. 3) 在英語系國家取得前一學位者得檢附學位證明。 If you have completed your previous degree in an Englishspeaking country, please upload a diploma of the degree. 4) 前一學位為英語文相關科系，提供畢業證書。 If your previous degree is English Language related degree, provide diploma. (註.菲律賓、紐西蘭、澳洲皆歸類為英語系國家，印度不歸 類為英語系國家) 國家認定連結 (Note. Philippine, Australia, and New Zealand are included as English-speaking countries, India is not included.) Country List Link ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行口試(電訪)。 Phone interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://ene.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: eneoffice@ee.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明需繳交以下任一： Please provide one of the following English proficiency proof. 1) 英語能力測驗達 CEFR C1 等級以上。托福 iBT 需達 83 -46電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 電子工程研究所 Institute of Electronics Engineering 分、多益測驗需達 880 分、雅思需達 6.5 分。 Certificate of CEFR C1 level or above. (TOEFL iBT 83, TOEIC 880, IELTS 6.5). 2) 英語系國籍者，提供國籍證明文件。 If you are from an English-speaking country, provide Nationality Document. 3) 在英語系國家取得前一學位者得檢附學位證明。 If you have completed your previous degree in an Englishspeaking country, please upload a diploma of the degree. 4) 前一學位為英語文相關科系，提供畢業證書。 If your previous degree is English Language related degree, provide diploma. (註.菲律賓、紐西蘭、澳洲皆歸類為英語系國家，印度不歸 類為英語系國家) 國家認定連結 (Note. Philippine, Australia, and New Zealand are included as English-speaking countries, India is not included.) Country List Link 2. 碩士論文 Master Thesis ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行口試(電訪)。 Phone interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://ene.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: eneoffice@ee.nthu.edu.tw 資訊系統與應用研究 所 Institute of Information Systems and Applications 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福 iBT 需達 79 分、多益需達 750、雅思需達 6.0 分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; for TOEIC, the score should be more than 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本所相關領域教授聯繫。 -47電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 資訊系統與應用研究 所 Institute of Information Systems and Applications Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Video interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://isa.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: isa@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福 iBT 需達 79 分、多益需達 750、雅思需達 6.0 分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79; for TOEIC, the score should be more than 750; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. 選繳 Optional 1. 有利文件 (如：著作、獲獎證明、GRE 或其他資料) Other documents to support your application. (e.g. Publication, Certificate of Honor and Awards, GRE or others.) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本所相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Video interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://isa.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: isa@my.nthu.edu.tw 資訊安全研究所 Institute of Information Security 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福 iBT 需達 79 分、雅思需達 6.5 分。本系不採計多益。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79 and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.5. TOEIC is not accepted. 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) ◼ Program Info -48電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 1. Website: http://iis.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: iis@my.nthu.edu.tw 光電工程研究所 Institute of Photonics Technologies 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). 2. 有利文件，如：學經歷等資料 Other documents to support your application. (e.g. Curriculum Vitae, etc.) 選繳 Optional 1. 有利文件，如：論文發表、GRE、榮耀或獲獎等資料 Other documents to support your application. (e.g. Thesis Publication, GRE, Honor, Awards, etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://ipt.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: iptoffice@ee.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). 2. 有利文件，如：學經歷、碩士論文等資料 Other documents to support your application. (e.g. Curriculum Vitae, Master Thesis, etc.) 選繳 Optional 1. 有利文件，如：論文發表、GRE、榮耀或獲獎等資料 Other documents to support your application. (e.g. Thesis Publication, GRE, Honor, Awards, etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://ipt.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: iptoffice@ee.nthu.edu.tw -49電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 光電博士學位學程 (台灣聯合大學系統) Ph.D. Program in Photonics (University System of Taiwan) 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). 2. 有利文件，如：學經歷、碩士論文等資料 Other documents to support your application. (e.g. Curriculum Vitae, Master Thesis, etc.) 選繳 Optional 1. 有利文件，如：論文發表、GRE、榮耀或獲獎等資料 Other documents to support your application. (e.g. Thesis Publication, GRE, Honor, Awards, etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ustippp.nycu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: iptoffice@ee.nthu.edu.tw F) 人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 中國文學系 Department of Chinese Literature 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 中文撰寫自傳 Personal Statement in Chinese 2. 華語能力證明: 華語能力測驗(流利級) Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: TOCFL (Band C/ Level 5) ◼ 備註 NOTES 如需筆試、口試(電訪)、面試(視訊)，另行通知。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://cl.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: cl@my.nthu.edu.tw -50人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 中國文學系 Department of Chinese Literature 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語文能力測驗(流利級)或國內外中文系畢業文憑等相關可 資證明華語中文能力之文件 Test of Chinese as a Foreign Language (TOCFL, Band C/Level 5) or if you have completed your previous degree in Chinese relevant study to demonstrate your Chinese proficiency, please upload a diploma of the previous degree. 2. 中文撰寫研究計畫 A research proposal (written in Chinese) 3. 中文撰寫學術報告一篇 An academic paper (written in Chinese) ◼ 備註 NOTES 如需筆試、口試(電訪)、面試(視訊)，另行通知。 Writing exam, phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://cl.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: cl@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語文能力測驗(流利級)或國內外中文系畢業文憑等相關可 資證明華語中文能力之文件 Test of Chinese as a Foreign Language (TOCFL, Band C/Level 5) or if you have completed your previous degree in Chinese relevant study to demonstrate your Chinese proficiency, please upload a diploma of the previous degree. 2. 中文撰寫研究計畫 A research proposal (written in Chinese) 3. 中文碩士論文或中文撰寫學術報告二篇 Two Master thesis or academic papers (written in Chinese) ◼ 備註 NOTES 如需筆試、口試(電訪)、面試(視訊)，另行通知。 Writing exam, phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://cl.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: cl@my.nthu.edu.tw -51人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 人文社會學院學士班 Interdisciplinary Program of Humanities and Social Sciences 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 個人資料 Personal Profile 2. 學校數據檔案：這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填 寫，若高中無輔導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填 寫。請完整填寫表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator may fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly. 3. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 4. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 5. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成果、 學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership, achievement awards…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 評量方式以書面為主，必要時得電話或視訊訪談。 Evaluation is mainly based on the submitted documents. Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://dhss.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/404-1393-33662.php 2. Email: dhss@my.nthu.edu.tw 外國語文學系(甲組 外國文學組) Department of Foreign Languages and Literature (Literature) 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達85分、雅思需達6.0分、多益：聽讀 785與說 170與寫165、全民英檢中高級，且持有期為兩年之內。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required -52人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 外國語文學系(乙組 語言研究與教學組) Department of Foreign Languages and Literature (Language Research & Teaching) Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 85 and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. For TOEIC should be more than 785 (Listening & Reading) and 170(Speaking) and 165(Writing). For GEPT should reach (High-Intermediate Level) or above. Scores must be dated within two years of your application. 2. 自傳（英文-含申請理由） A personal statement in English (including reasons for application) 3. 研究計劃書(英文) A research proposal in English 4. 獲獎證明及其他有利資料 Certificates of honors and awards received or other supporting documents 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.fl.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: fl@my.nthu.edu.tw 歷史研究所 Institute of History 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 學習研究計畫書 (格式請至歷史所網頁下載) Research proposal and study plan Download from: http://his.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/406-139771871,r3109.php?Lang=zh-tw 4. 已發表之論文 Published article(s) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Phone interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://his.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: his@my.nthu.edu.tw -53人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 歷史研究所 Institute of History 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 學習研究計畫書 (格式請至歷史所網頁下載) Research proposal and study plan Download from: https://his.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/406-139777497,r3110.php?Lang=zh-tw 4. 碩士論文及已發表之論文 Master thesis and published journal article(s) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Phone interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://his.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: his@my.nthu.edu.tw 語言學研究所 Institute of Linguistics 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福 iBT 需達 80 分、多益需達 848 分、雅思需達 6.0 分。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 80; for TOEIC, the score should be more than 848; and for IELTS, the score should be more than 6.0. 3. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 選繳 Optional 1. 其他有利資料 Documents in support of application ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ling.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: ling@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. -54人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 哲學研究所 Institute of Philosophy 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). 2. 中文自傳(限五頁內) Personal statement in Chinese (no more than 5 pages) 3. 中文撰寫之研究計畫書(限十頁以內) Study plan in Chinese (no more than 10 pages) 選繳 Optional 1. 其他有利審查資料 Other documents in support of application ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://philos.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: philos@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 2. 中文自傳(限五頁內) Personal statement in Chinese (no more than 5 pages) 3. 中文撰寫之研究計畫書(限十頁以內) Study plan in Chinese (no more than 10 pages) 4. 碩士論文及著作 Master Thesis and publication 選繳 Optional 1. 其他有利審查資料 Other documents in support of application ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://philos.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: philos@my.nthu.edu.tw -55人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 華文文學研究所 Institute of Sinophone Studies 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 以及學習華語的經歷說明。惟華語文能力測驗需達「進階 級」。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). You may also include other relevant proof of learning Mandarin. Test of Chinese as a Foreign Language (TOCFL, B1) 2. 中文自傳(限 5 頁以內) A personal statement in Chinese (no more than 5 pages, please include application motivation) 3. 中文研究計畫書(限 10 頁以內) A study plan in Chinese (no more than 10 pages) 選繳 Optional 1. 其他有利資料，例如：學習歷程檔案、傑出表現、專題作 品、研究報告、發表論文、重要獎勵、專業證照、參加學術 活動等。 Other documents in support of application, for example: educational backgrounds, outstanding performance, special works, research reports, published papers, important awards, professional licenses/certificates, academic activities, etc. ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行電訪或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://sinophone.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: sinophone@my.nthu.edu.tw 社會學研究所 Institute of Sociology 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 惟華語能力測驗 TOCFL 須達 B1(進階級)以上。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). Only for TOCFL must reach B1 level or above. ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 博士 Ph.D. -56人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 1. Website: https://iosoc.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php 2. Email: iosoc@my.nthu.edu.tw 台灣文學研究所 Institute of Taiwan Literature 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 2. 著作目錄 Publications 3. 已發表論文或其他創作等有利審查之作品 Works that have been published for review or other creative works ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.tl.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: tai@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. G) 科技管理學院 College of Technology Management 科技管理學院 College of Technology Management 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 計量財務金融學系 Department of Quantitative Finance 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 碩士論文 Master Thesis 4. 自傳 Personal Statement ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://qf.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: qf@my.nthu.edu.tw -57科技管理學院 College of Technology Management 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 科技法律研究所 Institute of Law for Science and Technology 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達72分以上。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 72. 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 惟華語能力測驗 TOCFL 須達 B2(高階級)以上。Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). Only for TOCFL must reach B2 level or above. 3. 自傳 Personal Statement ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended 視需要安排口試或面試。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://www.lst.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: lst@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 服務科學研究所 Institute of Service Science 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 碩士論文、著作或畢業作品(如非以英文撰寫，請提供英文摘 要) Master's thesis, publications or graduation project (Please provide English abstract if your thesis/publications are not written in English) 3. 個人資料表(請於系所網頁下載) Personal Information Form (Please download the form from ISS website) 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 -58科技管理學院 College of Technology Management 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements Phone interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://www.iss.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: office@iss.nthu.edu.tw H) 竹師教育學院 College of Education -59竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 幼兒教育學系 Department of Early Childhood Education 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 個人資料表 Personal Profile 2. 學校數據檔案： 這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填寫，若高中無輔 導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填寫。請完整填寫 表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator may fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly 3. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 4. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 惟華語能力測驗 TOCFL 須達 C2(精通級)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). Only for TOCFL must reach C2 level. 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成 果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行口試(電訪)或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://gdece.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: gdece@my.nthu.edu.tw -60竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 幼兒教育學系 Department of Early Childhood Education 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳(含申請動機) Personal Statement (including application motives) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Phone interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://gdece.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: gdece@my.nthu.edu.tw 教育與學習科技學系 Department of Education and Learning Technology 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://delt.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-1129-1736.php 2. Email: delt@my.nthu.edu.tw 教育與學習科技學系 (行政與評鑑組) Department of Education and Learning Technology (Division of Administration and Evaluation) 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳(含申請動機) Personal Statement (including application motives) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行電訪或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://delt.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-1129-1736.php 2. Email: delt@my.nthu.edu.tw 教育與學習科技學系 (課程與教學組) Department of Education and Learning Technology (Division of Curriculum and Instruction) 碩士 Master -61竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 教育與學習科技學系 Department of Education and Learning Technology 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳(含申請動機) Personal Statement (including application motives) 3. 大學歷年成績單 Transcripts of Bachelor Degree (Should include every semester) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行電訪或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://delt.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-1129-1736.php 2. Email: delt@my.nthu.edu.tw 英語教學系 Department of English Instruction 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT舊制需達(聽力21、閱讀22、口說23、寫作21)以 上，托福iBT新制需達(聽力4.5、閱讀4.5、口說4.5、寫作4.5) 以上，多益須達(聽力400、閱讀385、口說160、寫作150)以 上，雅思 6，全民英檢 (中高級通過)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (p.7). For TOEFL iBT scores obtained before Jan. 21, 2026: Listening 21, Reading 22, Speaking 23, and Writing 21; for TOEFL iBT scores obtained on or after Jan. 21, 2026: 4 .5 in Listening, Reading, Speaking, and Writing. For IELTS: an overall band score of 6.0 or above. For TOEIC: Listening 400, Reading 385, Speaking 160, and Writing 150. F or General English Proficiency Test (GEPT): High -intermediate level. 2. 請 上 傳 一 段 3~5 分 鐘 英 文 介 紹 及 就 學 計 畫 說 明 影 片 至 YouTube頻道並於個人讀書計畫內註明影片連結) A video clip to introduce yourself and tell about your study plan in English (about 3 -5 minutes). Please upload the video onto YouTube channel and mark the link in your study plan. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://doei.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: doei96@my.nthu.edu.tw -62竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 環境與文化資源學系 Department of Environmental and Cultural Resources 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 選繳 Optional 1. 著作、獲獎證明及其他資料 Publications, Certificate of Honors and Awards & Others ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行電訪或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://decr.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 3. Email: ecr@my.nthu.edu.tw 運動科學系 Department of Kinesiology 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 個人資料表 Personal Profile 2. 學校數據檔案： 這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填寫，若高中無輔 導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填寫。請完整填寫 表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator may fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成 果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, -63竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 運動科學系 Department of Kinesiology competition, student leadership…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行口試(電訪)或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://dpe.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: dpe@my.nthu.edu.tw 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 惟華語能力測 TOCFL 須達 B1(進階級)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). Only for TOCFL must reach B1 level 1 3. 自傳(含申請動機) Personal statement (including application motives) 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成 果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc. ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時得以面試(視訊)訪談。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://dpe.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: dpe@my.nthu.edu.tw 特殊教育學系 Department of Special Education 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 惟華語能力測 TOCFL 須達 B2(高階級)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). Only for TOCFL must reach B2 level -64竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 特殊教育學系 Department of Special Education ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://www.dse.nthu.edu.tw/?locale=en 2. Email: spe@my.nthu.edu.tw 數理教育研究所 Graduate Institute of Mathematics and Science Education 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳 Autobiography 選繳 Optional 1. 研究或教學表現 Research or Teaching Performance ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://gimse.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 2. Email: gimse@my.nthu.edu.tw 學習科學與科技研究 所 Institute of Learning Sciences and Technologies 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 自傳 Autobiography 4. 學習研究計畫書，須包含：(1)報考動機、(2)學術興趣、(3) 研究計畫 Research proposal and study plan including (1)motives for application (2) academic interest (3) research proposal ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://ilst.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-154321018.php?Lang=zh-tw 2. Email: ils@my.nthu.edu.tw -65竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 臺灣語言研究與教學 研究所 Institute of Taiwan Languages and Language Teaching 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 惟華語能力測驗 TOCFL 須達 B1(進階級)。(Page.8) Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. Only for TOCFL must reach B1 level. 3. 學經歷 Curriculum Vitae 4. 研究計畫 Research Proposal ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://reurl.cc/ARDMq8 2. Email: itllt73601@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 惟華語能力測驗 TOCFL 須達 B1(進階級)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). Only for TOCFL must reach B1 level. 3. 學經歷 Curriculum Vitae 4. 研究計畫 Research Proposal 5. 碩士論文 Master Thesis 6. 發表著作 Published Journal Paper(s) ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本系相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 -66竹師教育學院 College of Education 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 臺灣語言研究與教學 研究所 Institute of Taiwan Languages and Language Teaching Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://reurl.cc/ARDMq8 2. Email: itllt73601@my.nthu.edu.tw 竹師教育學院博士班 Ph.D. Program in Education Sciences 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 自傳(含申請動機) Personal Statement (including application motives) 3. 研究計畫書 Research Proposal 4. 事先與本院相關領域教授聯繫文件。 Applicants must provide documentation demonstrating prior contact with a potential advisor in the College of Education (CoE). 選繳 Optional 1. 著作 Publications 2. 碩士論文 Master Thesis 3. 大學成績單 Transcripts of the bachelor degree ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://es.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: pes@my.nthu.edu.tw I) 藝術學院 College of Arts 藝術學院 College of Arts 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 藝術學院學士班 Interdisciplinary Program of Technology and Art 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). -67藝術學院 College of Arts 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 藝術學院學士班 Interdisciplinary Program of Technology and Art 2. 作品集 Portfolio ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://ipta.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: ipta@my.nthu.edu.tw 3. "僅招收科技藝術組"（Admit techno-art stream student only） 藝術與設計學系 (設計組) Department of Arts and Design (Design) 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 個人資料表 Personal Profile 2. 學校數據檔案：這份表格需請申請人之高中輔導老師協助填 寫，若高中無輔導老師，則可請高中教師或學校行政人員填 寫。請完整填寫表單。 Secondary School Report: This form is developed for, and is to be used by, the secondary high school counselors. If you do not have a secondary school counselor, a teacher or school administrator may fill out the Secondary School Report and transcript instead. Please type or print neatly. 3. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 4. 作品集 Portfolio 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成果、 學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行口試(電訪)或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://artdesign.nthu.edu.tw 2. Email: artist@my.nthu.edu.tw 藝術與設計學系 (創作組) Department of Arts and Design (Studio Art) 藝術與設計學系 Department of Arts and Design 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.8). 2. 作品集 Portfolio -68藝術學院 College of Arts 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://artdesign.nthu.edu.tw 2. Email: artist@my.nthu.edu.tw 音樂學系 Department of Music 學士 Bachelor 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 請上傳一段演奏錄音 (演奏主修 )/作品樂譜 (作曲主修 )影片至 YouTube頻道並註明影片連結) Please upload a video introducing your Performance or Composition majors to the YouTube channel and provide the link. 選繳 Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成 果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行口試(電訪)或面試(視訊)。 Phone or webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://music.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: dme@my.nthu.edu.tw 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 3. 請上傳一段演奏錄音 (演奏主修 )/作品樂譜 (作曲主修 )影片至 YouTube頻道並註明影片連結) Please upload a video introducing your Performance or Composition majors to the YouTube channel and provide the link. . 選繳Optional 1. 獲獎證明或其他有利申請資料 (例如：社團參與、競賽成 -69藝術學院 College of Arts 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 果、學生幹部、作品獲獎證明) Awards or other supporting materials (school club participation, competition, student leadership…etc. ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時得以面試(視訊)訪談。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://music.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: dme@my.nthu.edu.tw J) 教務處 Office of Academic Affairs 教務處 Office of Academic Affairs 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 跨院國際碩士學位學 程(華語教學組) International Intercollegiate MS Program (MA in Teaching Chinese as a Second/Foreign Language) 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 2. 自傳(中文) A Personal Statement in Chinese 3. 讀書計劃 (中文) A Study Plan in Chinese 選繳 Optional 1. 英語能力證明 Proof of English Proficiency 2. 有利文件 (如：以中文撰寫的報告、修習過華語課程的名稱與成績、曾 參加的華語競賽或相關活動等等) Other Supporting Documents (e.g. Paper Report Written in Chinese, Mandarin Courses Title and Results, Mandarin related Competitions and Events, etc.) ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://tcsl.site.nthu.edu.tw/ -70教務處 Office of Academic Affairs 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 2. Email: wkxie@mx.nthu.edu.tw 跨院國際博士班學位 學程(一般組) International Intercollegiate Ph.D. Program (General Section) 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 碩士論文或著作 Master Thesis or Publication 3. 研究計畫 Research Proposal 4. 學經歷表 (於本學程網頁下載) Personal Information Form Download from IPHD website: http://iphd.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與本校相關領域教授聯繫。 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://iphd.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: yangyc@mx.nthu.edu.tw 跨院國際博士班學位 學程(人文組) International Intercollegiate Ph.D. Program (Division of Humanities) 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 華語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第八頁)。 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.8) 2. 碩士論文或著作 Master Thesis or Publication 3. 自傳 (中文) Personal Statement Chinese 4. 研究計畫書(中文) A Statement of Purpose in Chinese 5. 學經歷表 (於本學程網頁下載) Personal Information Form Download from IPHD website: http://iphd.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 選繳 Optional 1. 英語能力證明 Proof of English Proficiency -71教務處 Office of Academic Affairs 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements ◼ 備註 NOTES 建議事先與指導教授聯繫 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://iphd.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: wkxie@mx.nthu.edu.tw 跨院國際博士班學位 學程(智慧製造與數位 決策組) International Intercollegiate Ph.D. Program (Smart Manufacturing & Digital Decision) 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details. (Page.7) 2. 碩士論文或著作 Master Thesis or Publication 3. 研究計畫書 Research Proposal 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://iphd.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 2. Email: yangyc@mx.nthu.edu.tw 智慧生醫博士學位學 程 Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Artificial Intelligence 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：標準請參考「III) 申請文件」說明(第七頁)。 惟托福iBT 需達79分以上、或多益750或雅思6以上。 Proof of English Proficiency: Please refer to "III) Required Documents" for details (Page.7). Only for TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 79. For TOEIC, the score should be over 750. For IELTS: Overall band score 6.0 or above. 2. 自傳 Personal Statement ◼ 備註 NOTES 1. 建議事先與指導教授(第一位實驗室輪轉教授)聯繫 -72教務處 Office of Academic Affairs 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements Prior contact with interested advisor(s) (lab-rotate professor(s)) is recommended. 2. 必要時進行面試(視訊)。 Webcam interview may be arranged if necessary. 3. 推薦信若無法在時間內送達，可在兩個禮拜內補件(可能影響 成績)，但其他申請文件請準時，補推薦信時，請直接 email 至 bai@my.nthu.edu.tw。 If the recommendation letter cannot be delivered on time, it can be supplemented within two weeks (But turning it in late might affect the grade.), but please submit the rest of the application material on time. When supplementing the recommendation letter, please email it directly to bai@my.nthu.edu.tw. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: http://bai.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: bai@my.nthu.edu.tw K) 半導體研究學院 College of Semiconductor Research -73半導體研究學院 College of Semiconductor Research 系所 Department/Institute 學位 Degree 系所要求文件 Program-Specific Requirements 半導體研究學院 College of Semiconductor Research 碩士 Master 必繳 Mandatory 1. 英語能力證明：英文能力測驗需達 CEFR B2 以上等級。托福 iBT 需達 80 分以上、多益需達 850 或雅思需達 6.5 以上。 Proof of English Proficiency: Certificate of CEFR B2 level above. TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 80. For TOEIC, the score should be over 850. For IELTS: Overall band score 6.5 or above. 2. 意向書：內容須包含已聯繫之潛在指導教授名單。由於本院 之錄取須以本院教師表達指導意願為前提，因此建議申請人 事先主動聯繫潛在指導教授。格式請至 https://cosr.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 下載。 A letter of intent to the department, including the faculty member contacts as prospective advisor. The admission will be offered only if our faculty members express their interests to take the students; therefore, contacting a prospective advisor is highly recommended. Download the format of the letter of intent from CoSR website: https://cosr.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-153622126.php?Lang=zh-tw 3. 學經歷、論文發表、榮譽或獲獎等資料 Other documents to support your application, e.g. Curriculum Vitae, Thesis Publication, Honor, Awards, etc. 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 入學時須提供華語能力證明，若無，則需先修華語課程。 After your enrollment, it's required to take Mandarin courses first if you do not have "Proof of Mandarin Proficiency". 建議事先與指導教授聯繫 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 申請人如同時申請CoSR國際獎學金及清華大學國際學生獎學 金，獲獎時僅得擇一領取，不得重複領取。 College of Semiconductor Research (CoSR) offers CoSR international scholarship but the applicant can only choose one, if multiple scholarship is granted. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://cosr.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: cosr_ir@my.nthu.edu.tw 博士 Ph.D. 必繳 Mandatory -74VI) 申請注意事項 Important Notes for Applicants A) 申請者務必於報名前詳閱本招生簡章規定，以避免因申請資格不符被取消申請。 Applicants must review application guidelines before application period. Failure to do so may risk having your application rejected for not meeting the requirements. 半導體研究學院 College of Semiconductor Research 1. 英語能力證明：英文能力測驗需達 CEFR B2 以上等級。托福 iBT 需達 80 分以上、多益需達 850 或雅思需達 6.5 以上。 Proof of English Proficiency: Certificate of CEFR B2 level above. TOEFL iBT, the score should be over 80. For TOEIC, the score should be over 850. For IELTS: Overall band score 6.5 or above. 2. 意向書：內容須包含已聯繫之潛在指導教授名單。由於本院 之錄取須以本院教師表達指導意願為前提，因此建議申請人 事先主動聯繫潛在指導教授。格式請至 https://cosr.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en 下載。 A letter of intent to the department, including the faculty member contacts as prospective advisor. The admission will be offered only if our faculty members express their interests to take the students; therefore, contacting a prospective advisor is highly recommended. Download the format of the letter of intent from CoSR website: https://cosr.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-153622126.php?Lang=zh-tw 3. 學經歷、論文發表、榮譽或獲獎等資料 Other documents to support your application, e.g. Curriculum Vitae, Thesis Publication, Honor, Awards, etc. 4. 論文或技術報告 Master Thesis or Technical Reports 選繳 Optional 1. 華語能力證明 Proof of Mandarin Proficiency ◼ 備註 NOTES 入學時須提供華語能力證明，若無，則需先修華語課程。 After your enrollment, it's required to take Mandarin courses first if you do not have "Proof of Mandarin Proficiency". 建議事先與指導教授聯繫 Prior contact with interested advisor(s) is recommended. 申請人如同時申請CoSR國際獎學金及清華大學國際學生獎學 金，獲獎時僅得擇一領取，不得重複領取。 College of Semiconductor Research (CoSR) offers CoSR international scholarship but the applicant can only choose one, if multiple scholarship is granted. ◼ Program Info 1. Website: https://cosr.site.nthu.edu.tw/ 2. Email: cosr_ir@my.nthu.edu.tw -75B) 申請者需至本校「外國學位生入學申請線上系統」進行申請，概不接受紙本申請。 Only online applications are accepted. Please apply through NTHU's Online Application System. C) 本校一律以電子郵件帳號通知申請相關訊息，申請者務必使用有效的電子郵件帳號，以避免因 使用錯誤導致無法收到訊息。 A valid email is required to continue the process, as this will be our primary means of communication with you. If you do not have a valid email account, please create one before proceeding. D) 申請者需於申請期限內上傳所需 各項文件資料 ，並點選「確認送出」鍵以完成申請，收件後 將 以電子郵件方式通知申請者。 上傳申請資料截止日後，本校不接受任何補件及更換（更改）資 料。申請資料經本校審查後發現報名資格不符、表件資料不全等情形，將取消申請資格，不得 異議。 E) After the deadline, no additional documents, replacements, or revisions will be accepted. If, after review, the University finds that the applicant does not meet the eligibility requirements or the submitted materials are incomplete, the application will be disqualified, and the decision will be final. The applicant must upload all application requirements and click "Submit" to complete his/her application before the deadline. Applicants will be notified via email after all required documents are processed. After the deadline, no additional documents, replaceme nts, or revisions will be accepted. If, after review, the University finds that the applicant does not meet the eligibility requirements or the submitted materials are incomplete, the application will be disqualified, and the decision will be final. F) 申請資料請依各項文件項目以PDF檔案逐一上傳，每一文件項目僅可上傳單一檔案，若有多項檔 案，請合併成一個檔案後再上傳。 Please upload application requirements (PDF file only) in the respective fields. The documents should be uploaded as separate files. If there is more than one file for each requirement, please merge them into one file before uploading. G) 未依申請相關規定完成之申請者其申請將視同無效，本校不予受理，其責任概由申請者自行負 責。入學申請審查結果公告後如有疑議，請逕洽各申請學系。 If the applicant fails to comply with each application requirement or regulation, his/her application will be considered invalid, and the applicant will be held solely responsible. If the applicant has questions regarding the admission decision posted on our website, he/she may contact the department or program to which he/she applied. H) 各學制修讀華語課程規定 Mandarin Course Requirements for each degree program： ■學士班外國學生需在入學後之在學期間的四學期內修完 8 學分；達華語文能力測驗（TOCFL） 「基礎級」者，可以免修華語課程 ■碩士班外國學生應於畢業前修畢 4 學分，其畢業離校期限依 本校「碩士學位考試細則」辦理之 ■博士班外國學生應於畢業前修畢 8 學分，其畢業離校期限依 本校「博士學位考試細則」辦理之。入學前具華語基礎能力者，可憑 TOCFL 證書至華語中心進 行華語學分抵免；或者至華語中心參加減／免修測驗，進行華語學分抵免。 (詳細規範： https://reurl.cc/Errpqg ) ■ Bachelor's degree students must complete 8 credit hours (2 classes) of Mandarin courses within the first 4 semesters of enrollment. Students can waive Full Mandarin Credit hours by passing TOCFL level A2. ■ Master's de gree students must complete 4 credit hours of Mandarin courses before graduate. For detailed information on graduation regulations, refer to the regulation titled "National Tsing Hua University's Master's Degree Examination Measures ". ■ Ph.D. degree stude nts must complete 8 credit hours of Mandarin courses before graduate. For detailed information on graduation regulations, refer to "National Tsing Hua University 's Doctoral Degree Exam Statutes ". Students enrolling with some proficiency in Chinese may wai ve Mandarin Credit hours in two ways: 1. providing TOCFL Certificate -76to "NTHU Chinese Language Center", 2. take the CLC Mandarin Credit Waiver Test. (Detail rules：https://reurl.cc/Errpqg) VII) 申請期限 Application Deadline 受理申請期間：2026 年 8 月 3 日至 2026 年 9 月 30 日 15:00 止 (GMT+8)，逾期不予受理。 Applications will open on August 3, 2026. The deadline to apply is September 30 (before 15:00 (GMT+8)), 2026. Please note that late or incomplete applications will not be reviewed. VIII) 招生名額 Admission Quota 依據教育部「外國學生來臺就學辦法」 ，招收外國學生其名額以該校當學年度招生名額外加百分之 十為限。 According to "MOE's Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan," the quota for admission allocated for international students at universities should be no more than ten percent of the number of positions allocated for these schools for local students at these schools each year. IX) 甄選方式 Selection Process 甄選方式以資料審查為主，筆試、口試或面試視各學系而定，如需面試或筆試，各學系將另行通知 申請者。 All application materials are reviewed in the selection process. Additional written tests, oral tests or interviews are dependent upon the department/program policy. If additional tests or interviews are required, the department/program will contact the applicant directly. X) 修業年限 Program Duration 學士班：4 年至 6 年/Bachelor: 4~6 years 碩士班：1 年至 4 年/Master: 1~4 years 博士班：2 年至 7 年/Ph.D.: 2~7 years XI) 放榜 Admission Decisions 事項 Events 註記 Notes 公告錄取榜單於本校全球處網頁 Admitted list will be posted on Office of Global Affairs (OGA) Website. 2026年12月1日放榜 Admission results will be announced by December 1, 2026. 電子郵件寄發錄取、備取或不錄取通知，錄 取生須於2026年12月20日前線上申請系統完 成入學或不入學確認，未於期限內完成者視 為放棄，入學資格自動取消。 Emails will be sent regarding the admission decision. Admitted students must complete enrollment confirmation via online application system before December 20, 2026. If your online confirmation is not completed by the deadline, your admission 2026年12月上旬寄送通知 Admission decisions will be sent by Early-December, 2026. -77XII) 註冊 Registration A) 持外國學歷之錄取生應依規定於 2027年1月指定日期前繳交經畢業學校所在地的台灣駐外館處 驗證之畢業證書及歷年成績單正本，始得辦理註冊入學，未於期限內完成者視同放棄，入學資 格自動取消。持大陸地區學歷之錄取生應繳交畢業證(明)書、學位證(明)書、歷年成績單，及前 述文件經大陸地區指定之認證中心證明屬實之證明文件，碩士以上學歷者，並應檢具學位論 文。詳細規定請參照大陸地區學歷採認辦法。 Admitted students with foreign academic credentials must submit the original diploma and full transcript notarized by the Taiwan Overseas Representative Offices in the country of the school by the specific date on January, 2027 to become eligible to register at NTHU. If the required documents are not received by the deadline, NTHU reserves the ri ght to revoke your admission. Applicants who received a bachelor 's degree or above from schools in Mainland China, are required to provide: (1) graduation certificate (2) degree certificate (3) full transcripts (4) the verification reports of the above documents from the designated verification center. (5) Those with a master's degree or above should also submit the dissertation. Further information please follow the regulations regarding the assessment and recognition of credentials from Mainland China. 備註 Notes ■大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 Diplomas and transcripts issued by Mainland China: Please follow the regulations regarding the assessment and recognition of credentials from Mainland China. ■香港或澳門學歷：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 Diplomas and transcripts issued by Hong Kon g and Macau: Please follow the "Regulations Governing the Examination and Recognition of Educational Qualifications from Hong Kong and Macau" ■所持之外國畢業證書、成績單為中、英文以外之語文，需另繳交中文或英文譯本亦應經過台灣 駐外館處驗證；台灣當地學歷文件（畢業證書、成績單）不須驗證。 If the foreign academic credentials (diploma and transcript) are not in Chinese or English, the Chinese or the English translations are also required to be notarized by the Taiwan Overseas Representative Offices. Documents (diploma and transcript) issued by the university in Taiwan do not need to be notarized. ■海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學歷。前二款以外之國外地區學歷， 應依大學辦理國外學歷採認辦法規定辦理。但設校或分校於大陸地區之外國學校學歷，應經大 陸地區公證處公證，並經行政院設立或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證。 Academic credentials earned at overseas Taiwan schools or Taiwan schools in Mainland China shall be regarded as the same as those at domestic schools with equivalent levels. Academic credentials referred will be canceled. 獎學金放榜時間為2026年12月中旬。 Scholarship decision will be made by MidDecember, 2026 on the office of Global Affairs website. 2026年12月中旬寄送獎學金通知 Scholarship decisions will be sent by Mid-December, 2026. -78in the preceding two items shall be subject to the "Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Foreign Academic Credentials for Institutions of Higher Education." However, academic credentials earned from schools or branches established in Mainland China by foreign schools shall require public notarization in Mainland China and be verified and examined by an institute established or appointed by, or through a private agency commissioned by the Executive Yuan. ■詳細條文,請參閱教育部網站。 For more details, please refer to the MOE website: http://www.edu.tw/ B) 新生須至本校新生報到系統填寫資料並依指定日期親自到校辦理註冊（體檢） ，始完成註冊入學 程序。 To officially register, newly admitted students must login to the "New Student Enrollment System " to complete the form. In addition, the newly admitted student must come to NTHU in person on the designated date in order to complete the "on-site registration" (including health examination). For New Student Enrollment System, please visit: https://www.ccxp.nthu.edu.tw/ccxp/INQUIRE/ C) 外國學生註冊入學時，未逾該學年第一學期修業期間三分之一者，於當學期入學；如無法於當 學期入學者，悉依本校學則及保留入學資格相關規定申請於第二學期或下一學年註冊入學。 An international student who has registered at NTHU, but arrives on campus after more than one third of the first semester has passed, may not register for the first semester. If the international student could not register for the first semester, he/she could apply deferred registration to start at the second semester or the next academic year in accordance with the regulations stipulated in "National Tsing Hua University Academic Regulations" and other applicable regulations. D) 有關保留入學資格、休學 、修業年限、畢業條件及應修學分數、學分抵免等學籍相關規定， 悉 依本校外國學生入學招生規定、學則、教育部外國學生來臺就學辦法暨相關規定辦理之。 Matters relating to the admitted student's deferred registration, suspension of admission, duration of the term of study, qualification for graduation, required credits, credit waiver an d etc., must be handled in accordance with the regulations stipulated in "National Tsing Hua University International Student Admission Regulations," "National Tsing Hua University Academic Regulations, " "MOE Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan" and other applicable regulations. E) 已報名或錄取之學生，如經發現申請資格不符規定或所繳交之證件有變造、偽造、假借、冒用 等不實情事者，未入學者即取消錄取資格；已入學者開除學籍，亦不發給任何學歷證明；如將 來在本校畢業後始發現者，除勒令繳銷其學位證書外，並公告取消其畢業資格。 If any documents submitted are found to be false or defective, admission will be revoked and registration denied. If forgery or defect is found after registration or graduation, the student status will be revoked and the degree diploma will be retracted. F) 外國學生來臺就學後，其於就學期間許可在臺初設戶籍登記、戶籍遷入登記、歸化或回復中華 民國國籍者，喪失外國學生身分，應予退學。 If after the international student begins studies in R.O.C. (Taiwan) and applies for an initial household registration, household move-in registration, naturalization or reinstates R.O.C. nationality during the course of study, the student will lose his/her international student status and will be expelled from NTHU. XIII) 學雜費收費標準 Tuition and Miscellaneous Fees 本校每學期學雜費每學年依規定調整，以下為 114 學年度入學者收費標準，僅供參考。 Tuition and miscellaneous fees (per semester) for Graduate Program may be adjusted every year. Information below is 2025 academic year's tuition fees for reference only. 匯率以 2026 年 5 月匯率計算 1（美金）：31.4（新臺幣） 1 US Dollar equals 31.4 New Taiwan Dollars (NTD) as of May 2026. -79學雜費收退費基準請參考 https://cashier.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en For details on tuition and miscellaneous fee collection and refund standards, please refer to https://cashier.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 費用項目 Fee Category 學院 College 學雜費 Tuition & Miscellaneous Fees 學分費(每學分) Per Credit Fee 學士班 Bachelor 碩士班&博士班 Master & Ph.D. 碩士班&博士班 Master & Ph.D. ◼ 理學院 College of Science ◼ 生命科學院 College of Life Science ◼ 竹師教育學院(特殊教育學系、運動科學系、竹 師教育學院學士班、數理教育研究所) College of Education -Department of Special Education -Department of Kinesiology -Interdisciplinary Program of Hsinchu Teachers College -Graduate Institute of Mathematics and Science Education ◼ 藝術學院 College of Arts 新臺幣 NTD 53,200 新臺幣 NTD 33,000 新臺幣 NTD 2,100 ◼ 工學院 College of Engineering ◼ 電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ◼ 原子科學院 College Nuclear Science ◼ 半導體研究學院 College of Semiconductor Research 新臺幣 NTD 53,200 新臺幣 NTD 36,300 ◼ 人文社會學院 College of Humanities and Social Sciences ◼ 竹師教育學院(教育與學習科技學系、幼兒教育 學系、教育心理與諮商學系、英語教學系、環 境與文化資源學系 、學習科學與科技研究所、 臺灣語言研究與教學研究所) Hsinchu Teachers College -Department of Education and Learning Technology -Department of Childhood Education -Department of Educational Psychology and Counseling -Department of English Instruction -Environmental and Cultural Resources -Institute of Learning Sciences and Technologies -Institute of Taiwan Languages and Language Teaching ◼ 清華學院 Tsing Hua College 新臺幣 NTD 46,100 新臺幣 NTD 26,300 科技管理學院 College of Technology Management 新臺幣 NTD46,100 新臺幣 NTD 31,560 新臺幣 NTD 2,520 -80費用項目 Fee Category 學院 College 學雜費 Tuition & Miscellaneous Fees 學分費(每學分) Per Credit Fee 學士班 Bachelor 碩士班&博士班 Master & Ph.D. 碩士班&博士班 Master & Ph.D. 跨院國際博士班學位學程 、精準醫療博士學位學 程、智慧生醫博士學位學程 International Intercollegiate Ph.D. Program Ph.D. Program in Precision Medicine Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Artificial Intelligence 新臺幣 NTD 33,000 新臺幣 NTD 5,000 跨院國際碩士學位學程 International Intercollegiate MS Program 新臺幣 NTD 33,000 新臺幣 NTD 3,000 跨院國際碩士學位學程(華語教學組) International Intercollegiate MS Program (MA in Teaching Chinese as a Second/Foreign Language) 新臺幣 NTD 26,300 新臺幣 NTD 3,000 注意事項 Notes 1. 學生另需繳交學生平安保險費 195 元、國際學生保險費每學期 3000 元或健保費每月 826 元、網路 使用費 800 元、體育設施使用費 200 元。(皆為新台幣) Additional Costs: Student Insurance Fee TWD 195 (per semester), International Student Insurance Fee TWD 3000 (per semester) or National Health Insurance Fee TWD 826 (per month), Internet User Fee TWD 800 (per semester), Sport Facilities Fee TWD 200 (per semester). 2. 校本部宿舍有單人、2 人、 4 人房，宿舍費用單人房每學期約新臺幣 16,920~27,800、2 人房約新 臺幣 10,920~16,600 元、4 人房約 7,410~11,250 元 (不含保證金及冷氣費)。 Admitted undergraduate and graduate students may obtain a room shared with 1, 2, or 4 students the dormitory (NTHU campus) expense is about TWD 16,920 to 27,800 for a single room, TWD10,920 to 16,600 for a 2-bed rooms and TWD 7,410 to 11,250 for a 4-bed room per semester. (not including deposit and air condition) 3. 南大校區校園內宿舍有 4 人房或 6 人房，每學期 4 人房約新臺幣 7,730 元、6 人房約新臺幣 7,030 元(不含保證金及冷氣費)。 Admitted undergraduate and graduate students may obtain a room shared with 4 or 6 students. The (Nanda Campus) dormitory expense per semester is about TWD 7,730 for a 4-bed room and TWD 7,030 for a 6bed room (not including deposit and air condition fee.) 4. 以上為參考金額，清華大學保有權利變動。 The fees mentioned above are used for reference only. NTHU reserves the right to amend related fees. XIV) 清華大學國際學生獎學金 NTHU International Student Scholarship NTHU International Student Scholarship 學士 Bachelor/碩士 Master 獎學金種類 Scholarship Type Type (A) Full Scholarship 全額補助學雜費基數及學分費並提供生活補助費每月新台幣 5,000 元 Provides full subsidies covering tuition, miscellaneous fees and -81credit fees, and includes a monthly living allowance NTD 5000 provided by the Office of Global Affairs. Type (B) Tuition Waiver 全額補助學雜費基數及學分費 Provides full subsidies covering tuition, miscellaneous fees and credit fees 受獎期間 Award Period 學士：一學年 Bachelor: One academic year. Must reapply annually. 碩士：二學年，受獎生第二年起通過續領審核者，得續領每學年獎學金。但其當 學年之學業表現未達本校公告標準者，停止續領獎學金。 Master: two academic years, recipients who successfully pass the renewal revie w from the second year onward may continue receiving the scholarship for each academic year. However, if a student's academic performance in the current academic year does not meet the standards announced by NTHU, the scholarship renewal shall be suspended. 博士 Doctor 獎學金種類 Scholarship Type Type (A) Full Scholarship ⚫ 全額補助學雜費基數及學分費並提供生活補助費每月新 台幣 20,000~40,000 元(全球處提供每月新台幣 10,000 元； 院系所或指導教授提供每月新台幣 10,000~30,000 元)， 僅適用理學院、工學院、原科院、生醫學院、電資院、 科管院、竹師教育學院、跨院國際博士班學位學程學生 適用(跨院指導教授為人社院系所者不適用此方案)。 Provides full subsidies covering tuition, miscellaneous fees and credit fees, and includes a monthly living allowance NTD 20,000~40,000 (NTD 10,000 provided by the Office of Global Affairs and NTD 10,000~30,000 provided by the academic department or advisors. Only for the application for students pursuing a PhD degree in College of Science, College of Engineering, College of Nuclear Science, College of Life Science & Medicine, College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, College of Technology Management, College of Education, or International Intercollegiate PhD Program. ⚫ 全額補助學雜費基數及學分費並提供生活補助費每月新 台幣10,000元(全球處提供每月新台幣 10,000元)，適用人 社院學生或跨院國際博士班學位學程其指導老師來自人 社院系所者適用。 Provides full subsidies covering tuition, miscellaneous fees and credit fees, and includes a monthly living allowance NTD 10,000 provided by the Office of Global Affairs. Only for the application for students pursuing a PhD degree in the College of Humanities and Social Sciences or International Intercollegiate PhD Program w hose advisors are from the College of Humanities and Social Sciences. ⚫ 入學時具外國公私立大學校院全職講師級以上教學人員 身分者， 全球處提供之 每月生活補助費得調高至新台幣 -8225,000元。 For those who hold a full-time position as a faculty member at the level of lecturer or above at a public or private foreign university upon admission, the monthly living allowance provided by the Office of Global Affairs may be increased to NT$25,000 Type (B) Tuition Waiver 全額補助學雜費基數及學分費 Provides full subsidies covering tuition, miscellaneous fees and credit fees 受獎期間 Award Period 四學年，受獎生第二年起通過續領審核者，得續領每學年獎學金。但其當學年之 學業表現未達本校公告標準者，停止續領獎學金。 Four academic years, recipients who successfully pass the renewal revie w from the second year onward m ay c ontinue receiving the scholarship f or each academic year. However, if a student's academic performance in the current academic year does not meet the standards announced by NTHU, the scholarship renewal shall be suspended. 博士班第五年須重新申請獎學金。 PhD students must reapply for the scholarship in their fifth year of study. -83備註 NOTES ⚫ 申請博士學位者，無需另申請清華國際學生獎學金，申請入學許可時，視為 同時申請獎學金。 Ph.D. applicants are automatically considered for applying NTHU International Student Scholarship. ⚫ 學生須負擔學雜費及學分費以外之項目（含學生平安保險費、國際學生團體 保險或健保費、住宿費、宿舍保證金、網路使用費、體育設施費等） 。 The student is responsible for payment of the remaining fees not covered by the waiver. (Such as student insurance, international student insurance fee or National Health Insurance fee, dormitory fee, dormitory deposit, internet user fee, sport facilities fee etc.) ⚫ 請領本獎學金者，不得同時請領我國政府機關(構)所設置之獎學金或本校海 外交換學生獎學金。但本校另有規定者，不在此限。 Recipients of this scholarship may not simultaneously receive scholarships offered by government of Taiwan or scholarships for outbound exchange students provided by NTHU. However, exceptions may apply if otherwise specified by NTHU. ⚫ 持有「應聘」或「工作」簽證以及居留證之學生不得受領本獎學金。 Students with working visa or ARC based on working permit are not eligible for this scholarship. ⚫ 新生入學第一個月的生活零用金，自註冊之日開始起算；受獎者每月月底會 收到當月生活零用金。 The monthly living allowance for new students will be prorated from the class starting date for the first month. From the 2nd month, monthly living allowance will be paid in full amount. The recipients of the scholarship will receive the monthly living allowance in the end of every month. ⚫ 半導體學院申請者不得申請清華大學國際學生獎學金。關於該學院獎學金情 形，請向半導體學院洽詢。Email: cosr_ir@my.nthu.edu.tw Applicants of College of Semiconductor Research may not apply for NTHU International Student Scholarship. For further scholarship information, please refer to College of Semiconductor Research directly. Email: cosr_ir@my.nthu.edu.tw 1. 申請期限：2026年8月3日至2026年9月30日15:00止 (GMT+8)。國際學生入學申請時間Applications is open between August 3, 2026 to September 30, 2026 (before 15:00 (GMT+8)). 2. 申請資格：依教育部「外國學生來臺就學辦法」申請本校之外國學位生 Eligibility: International degree applicants following "MOE Regulation Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan" and pay international student tuition and fees after entering NTHU. 3. 如何申請 How to Apply? 於國立清華大學外國學生入學申請線上系統， 「個人申請資訊」之「獎學金申請」請勾選欲申請清 華大學國際學生獎學金。 To apply for the scholarship, login to the online application system, and check the box "Apply for NTHU International Student Scholarship" in the scholarship application section under "Personal Information." 4. 放榜時間 Scholarship Decision 獲獎名單約 2026 年 12 月中公告於本校全球事務處網頁。 (https://oga.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en) Scholarship decision will be made by Mid-December 2026 on the office of Global Affairs website. (https://oga.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en) -84注意事項 Notice ※獎學金相關問題請洽全球處境外生服務組 If you have any questions regarding NTHU International Student Scholarship, please contact Division of Overseas Students Service, Office of Global Affairs. 電子信箱：Email: scholarship@my.nthu.edu.tw 網址 Website：https://oga.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-1524-18035.php?Lang=en XV) 聯絡資訊 Contact Information ◼ 全球處全球招生組／外國學位生申請入學事務 Division of International Talent Cultivation, Office of Global Affairs (OGA) For questions regarding to application for admission 電子信箱 Email：itc@my.nthu.ed.tw 網址 Website：http://apply.nthu.edu.tw/ ◼ 全球處境外生服務組／清華大學國際學生獎學金 Division of Overseas Students Service, Office of Global Affairs (OGA) For questions regarding to NTHU International Student Scholarship 電子信箱 Email：scholarship@my.nthu.edu.tw 網址 Website：https://oga.site.nthu.edu.tw/p/412-1524-18035.php?Lang=en ◼ 全球處境外生服務組／簽證及居留證事務 Division of Overseas Students Service, Office of Global Affairs (OGA) For questions regarding to Visa and Alien Resident Certificate 電子信箱 Email：dos@my.nthu.edu.tw 網址 Website：https://oga.site.nthu.edu.tw/ ◼ 全球處境外生服務組／生活輔導相關事務 Division of Overseas Students Service, Office of Global Affairs (OGA) For questions regarding to international student services 電子信箱 Email：dos@my.nthu.edu.tw 網址 Website：https://oga.site.nthu.edu.tw/ ◼ 教務處註冊組／註冊、學分抵免申請、保留學籍申請、驗證文件 Division of Registration, Office of Academic Affairs (OAA) For questions regarding to registration, credit transfer, deferring enrollment, or credential notarization 電子信箱 Email：registra@my.nthu.edu.tw 網址 Website：https://registra.site.nthu.edu.tw/index.php?Lang=en ◼ 教務處課務組／課程資訊 Division of Curriculum, Office of Academic Affairs (OAA) For questions regarding to courses offered 電子信箱 Email：curricul@my.nthu.edu.tw 網址 Website：https://curricul.site.nthu.edu.tw/?Lang=en 英語授課課程 Courses offered in English: https://www.ccxp.nthu.edu.tw/ccxp/INQUIRE/JH/6/6.2/6.2.H/JH62h001.php -85◼ 教育部／外國學生來臺就學辦法 Department of International and Cross-Strait Education MOE For questions regarding to MOE Regulation of International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan 網址 Website：https://edu.law.moe.gov.tw/LawContent.aspx?id=FL009279 ◼ 教育部／大學辦理國外學歷採認辦法 Department of International and Cross-Strait Education MOE For questions regarding to MOE Regulations Governing the Assessment and Recognition of Foreign Academic Records by Institutions of Higher Education 網址 Website： https://edu.law.moe.gov.tw/EngLawContent.aspx?lan=E&id=314 ◼ 外交部領事事務局／簽證 Bureau of Consular Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) For questions regarding to visa application 網址 Website：http://www.boca.gov.tw/mp?mp=1 ◼ 內政部入出國及移民署／居留證 National Immigration Agency (NIA) For questions regarding to Alien Resident Certificate (ARC) 網址 Website：https://www.immigration.gov.tw/ -86XVI) 附錄 Appendix 教育部 外國學生來臺就學辦法 第 1 條 本辦法依大學法第二十五條第三項、專科學校法第三十二條第一項、高級中等教育法第四十一條第一 項及國民教育法第六條第三項規定訂定之。 第 2 條 1. 具外國國籍且未曾具有中華民國國籍，符合下列規定者，得依本辦法規定申請入學： 一、未曾以僑生身分在臺就學。 二、未於申請入學當學年度依僑生回國就學及輔導辦法經海外聯合招生委員會分發。 2. 具外國國籍並符合下列規定，且最近連續居留海外六年以上者，亦得依本辦法規定申請入學。但 擬就讀大學醫學、牙醫或中醫學系者，其連續居留年限為八年以上： 一、申請時兼具中華民國國籍者，應自始未曾在臺設有戶籍。 二、申請前曾兼具中華民國國籍，於申請時已不具中華民國國籍者，應自內政部許可喪失中華民 國國籍之日起至申請時已滿八年。 三、前二款均應符合前項第一款及第二款規定。 3. 依教育合作協議，由外國政府、機構或學校遴薦來臺就學之外國國民，其自始未曾在臺設有戶籍 者，經主管機關核准，得不受前二項規定之限制。 4. 第二項所定六年、八年，以擬入學當學期起始日期（二月一日或八月一日）為終日計算之。 5. 第二項所稱海外，指大陸地區、香港及澳門以外之國家或地區；所稱連續居留，指外國學生每曆 年在國內停留期間未逾一百二十日。連續居留海外採計期間之起迄年度非屬完整曆年者，以各該 年度之採計期間內在國內停留期間未逾一百二十日予以認定。但符合下列情形之一且具相關證明 文件者，不在此限；其在國內停留期間，不併入海外居留期間計算： 一、就讀僑務主管機關舉辦之海外青年技術訓練班或教育部（以下簡稱本部）認定之技術訓練專 班。 二、就讀本部核准得招收外國學生之各大專校院華語文中心，合計未滿二年。 三、交換學生，其交換期間合計未滿二年。 四、經中央目的事業主管機關許可來臺實習，實習期間合計未滿二年。 6. 具外國國籍並兼具中華民國國籍，且於本辦法中華民國一百年二月一日修正施行前已提出申請喪 失中華民國國籍者，得依原規定申請入學，不受第二項規定之限制。具有國籍法第二條規定情形 者，為本辦法所定具有中華民國國籍。 第 3 條 1. 具外國國籍，兼具香港或澳門永久居留資格，且未曾在臺設有戶籍，申請時於香港、澳門或海外 -87連續居留滿六年以上者，得依本辦法規定申請入學。但擬就讀大學醫學、牙醫或中醫學系者，其 連續居留年限為八年以上。 2. 前項所稱連續居留，指每曆年在國內停留期間，合計未逾一百二十日。但符合前條第五項第一款 至第四款所列情形之一且具相關證明文件者，不在此限；其在國內停留期間，不併入前項連續居 留期間計算。 3. 曾為大陸地區人民具外國國籍且未曾在臺設有戶籍，申請時已連續居留海外六年以上者，得依本 辦法規定申請入學。但擬就讀大學醫學、牙醫或中醫學系者，其連續居留年限為八年以上。 4. 前項所稱連續居留，指每曆年在國內停留期間，合計未逾一百二十日。但符合前條第五項第一款 至第四款所列情形之一且具相關證明文件者，不在此限；其在國內停留期間，不併入海外連續居 留期間計算。 5. 第一項及第三項所定六年、八年，以擬入學當學期起始日期（二月一日或八月一日）為終日計算 之。 6. 第一項至第四項所定海外，準用前條第五項規定。 第 4 條 1. 外國學生依前二條規定申請來臺就學，以一次為限；其繼續在臺就學者，入學方式應與我國內一 般學生相同。外國學生有下列情形之一者，其於前項申請後，復申請繼續在臺就學，或再次申請 來臺就學，不受前項規定之限制： 一、於完成申請就學學校學程後，申請碩士班以上學程，逕依各校規定辦理。 二、外國學生申請來臺就讀學士班以下學程，在國內停留未滿一年，因故退學或喪失學籍，得重新 申請來臺就學，並以一次為限。 三、符合第二條第一項規定之外國學生，申請就讀副學士以下學程。 四、符合第二條第一項規定之外國學生，申請入學大學醫學、牙醫或中醫學系以外之學士班學程並 以一次為限。 2. 外國學生經入學學校以操行不及格或學業考核未達規定、違反法令或校規情節嚴重致遭退學或喪 失學籍者，不得再依前二項規定申請入學。 第 5 條 1. 大學及專科學校二年制（以下簡稱大專校院）實際招收入學之外國學生，其名額以本部核定該校 前一學年度招生名額外加百分之十為原則，並應併入當學年度招生總名額報本部核定；申請招收 外國學生名額超過前一學年度核定招生名額外加百分之十者，應併同提出增量計畫（包括品質控 管策略及配套措施）報本部核定。但國內大學與外國大學合作並經本部專案核定之學位專班，不 在此限。 2. 專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校實際招收入學之外國學生，其名額以各主管機關核定該校前 一學年度招生名額外加百分之十為限，並應併入當學年度招生總名額報各主管機關核定。 3. 大專校院於前一學年度核定招生總名額內，有本國學生未招足情形者，得以外國學生名額補足， -88並應報本部核定。 4. 第一項及第二項招生名額，不包括未具正式學籍之外國學生。 第 6 條 1. 大專校院招收外國學生入學各年級，應擬訂公開招生規定報本部核定，其內容應包括招生方式、 入學資格審查程序、學系（程）授課語言、學生應具備之語文能力基準、財力證明基準及其他相 關事項。 2. 前項招生規定經本部核定後，大專校院應自行訂定外國學生招生簡章，詳列招生方式、入學資格 審查程序、招生學系（程） 、各學系（程）授課語言、學生應具備之語文能力基準、修業年限、招 生名額、申請資格、財力證明基準、學雜費收退費基準、學校獎助學金資訊及其他相關事項。 3. 大專校院辦理外國學生招生事務，除宣傳推廣及協助學生辦理來臺相關必要程序外，不得委由校 外機構、法人、團體或個人辦理；並應適時確認其是否向外國學生收取不合理之費用、成立借貸 關係或其他違反相關法令之情形，必要時得向申請之外國學生查核。 4. 大專校院自行或委由校外機構、法人、團體或個人辦理外國學生招生相關事項，不得提供與招生 規定、招生簡章或相關規定不一致之資訊。 第 7 條 1. 申請入學大專校院之外國學生，應於各校院指定期間，檢附下列文件，逕向各該校院申請入學， 經審查或甄試合格者，發給入學許可： 一、入學申請表。 二、學歷證明文件： （一）大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 （二）香港或澳門學歷：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 （三）其他地區學歷： 1.海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學歷。 2.前二目以外之國外地區學歷，應依大學辦理國外學歷採認辦法規定辦理。但設校或分校 於大陸地區之外國學校學歷，應經大陸地區公證處公證，並經行政院設立或指定之機構或 委託之民間團體驗證。 三、足夠在臺就學之財力證明，或政府、大專校院或民間機構提供全額獎助學金之證明。 四、申請學校所規定之其他文件。 2. 各校審核外國學生之入學申請時，對前項第二款至第四款未經我國駐外機構、行政院設立或指定 之機構或委託之民間團體驗證之文件認定有疑義時，得要求經驗證；其業經驗證者，得請求協助 查證。 3. 第一項入學許可應載明外國學生之姓名、就讀學程名稱、學位別、授課語言、入學之學年、學期 開始日期、學雜費收退費基準、獎助學金及其他應告知外國學生之相關資訊之中文及英文版本， 確認外國學生瞭解來臺就學相關權利義務，並得提供外國學生母國語言版本。 -89第 7-1 條 外國學生所繳入學證明文件有偽造、假借、塗改等情事，應撤銷錄取資格；已註冊入學者，撤銷其學 籍，且不發給任何相關學業證明；如畢業後始發現者，應由學校撤銷其畢業資格並註銷其學位證書。 第 8 條 1. 外國學生已在臺完成學士以上學位，繼續申請入學碩士以上學程者，得檢具我國各校院畢業證書 及歷年成績證明文件，依第七條規定申請入學，免檢附第七條第一項第二款規定之境外學歷證明 文件。 2. 符合第二條第一項規定之外國學生，在我國完成副學士以下學程者，得持該學歷證明文件及歷年 成績證明文件，依第七條、第十八條、第二十條規定申請入學學士班以下學程，免檢附第七條第 一項第二款、第十八條第一項第二款及第二十條第一項第三款規定之境外學歷證明文件。 第 9 條 招收外國學生之大專校院，應即時於本部指定之外國學生資料管理資訊系統，登錄外國學生錄取、入 學、轉學、休學、退學或變更、喪失學生身分、離境等情事。 第 10 條 外國學生不得申請就讀我國大專校院所辦理回流教育之進修學士班、碩士在職專班及其他僅於夜間、 例假日授課之班別。但外國學生在臺已具有合法居留身分者或其就讀之班別屬經本部專案核准之課程 者，不在此限。 第 11 條 大專校院、專科學校五年制、高級中等以下學校之外國學生註冊入學時，未逾該學年第一學期修業期 間三分之一者，於當學期入學；已逾該學年第一學期修業期間三分之一者，於第二學期或下一學年註 冊入學。但各主管機關另有規定者，不在此限。 第 12 條 1. 大學外國學生於我國大學畢業後，經學校核轉本部許可在我國實習者，其外國學生身分最長得延 長至畢業後一年。 2. 外國學生來臺就學後，其於就學期間許可在臺初設戶籍登記、戶籍遷入登記、歸化或回復中華民 國國籍者，喪失外國學生身分，應予退學。但符合下列情形之一者，不在此限︰ 一、入學方式與我國內一般學生相同者， 二、依國籍法第四條第一項第一款至第三款申請歸化取得中華民國國籍者 三、符合第二條第一項規定且依國籍法第三條至第七條申請歸化取得中華民國國籍。 3. 於我國大專校院就讀之外國學生轉學，由各大專校院自行訂定相關規定，並納入招生規定報本部 核定。但外國學生經入學學校以操行不及格或因刑事案件經判刑確定致遭退學者，不得轉學進入 大專校院就讀。 -90第 13 條 1. 大專校院在不影響正常教學情況下，得與外國學校簽訂教育合作協議，招收外國交換學生；並得 準用外國學生入學規定，酌收外國人士為選讀生。 2. 高級中等以下學校經各主管機關核准者，得招收外國學生來臺進行一年以下之短期研習。 第 14 條 各級學校因國際學術合作計畫或其他特殊需求成立外國學生專班者，應依各級學校總量發展規模與資 源條件相關規定，經該管主管機關核轉本部核定。 第 15 條 1. 本部為獎勵就讀大專校院優秀外國學生，得設置或補助學校設置外國學生獎學金。 2. 大專校院為鼓勵外國學生來臺就學，得自行提撥經費設置外國學生獎學金、助學金。 第 16 條 1. 大專校院應指定專責單位或人員負責辦理外國學生就學申請、輔導、聯繫等事項，並加強安排住 宿家庭及輔導外國學生學習我國語文、文化等，以增進外國學生對我國之了解。 2. 大專校院應於每學年度不定期舉辦外國學生輔導活動或促進校園國際化，有助我國學生與外國學 生交流、互動之活動。 第 17 條 1. 專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校招收外國學生，除依第二十條規定辦理在臺已具有合法居留 身分之外國學生申請入學外，應擬訂招收外國學生來臺就學有關計畫，於每年十一月三十日前報 該管主管機關核定後，始得招生。直轄市、縣（市）主管機關並應於每年十二月三十一日前，將 核定招生學校名冊報本部備查。 2. 前項計畫內容應包括專責外國學生單位之設置、加強我國語文、文化學習課程之規畫及安排外國 學生住宿之措施等事項。 3. 第一項學校招收外國學生之國別及名額，必要時得由本部會商內政部及外交部後定之。 第 18 條 1. 申請入學專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校之外國學生，除第二十條另有規定外，應於各校指 定期間，檢附下列文件，逕向各校申請入學，經審查或甄試合格者，發給入學許可： 一、入學申請表。 二、學歷證明文件： （一）大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 （二）香港及澳門學歷：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 （三）其他地區學歷： -911.海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學歷。 2.前二目以外之國外地區學歷，應依本部國外學歷查證認定相關規定辦理。設校或分校於大 陸地區之國外學校學歷，應經大陸地區公證處公證，並經行政院設立或指定之機構或委託之 民間團體驗證。 三、足夠在臺就學之財力證明。 四、在臺監護人資格證明文件。 五、經駐外機構驗證之父母或其他法定代理人委託在臺監護人之委託書。 六、經我國公證人公證之在臺監護人同意書。 七、申請學校所規定之其他文件。 2. 前項第二款學歷證明文件，於申請入學國民小學一年級上學期者，免予檢附。 3. 第一項第四款至第六款文件，外國學生已成年者，免予檢附。 4. 各校審核外國學生之入學申請時，對第一項第二款、第三款及第七款未經駐外機構、行政院設立 或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證之文件認定有疑義時，得要求驗證；其業經驗證者，得請求 協助查證。 第 19 條 1. 前條所稱在臺監護人，應為在臺設有戶籍之中華民國國民，並提出無犯罪之警察刑事紀錄證明及 稅捐機關核發最新年度個人各類所得總額新臺幣九十萬元以上之資料清單。 2. 符合前項規定者，每人以擔任一位外國學生之在臺監護人為限。但以校長、學校財團法人董事長 或董事為監護人者，每人以擔任五位外國學生之在臺監護人為限。 第 20 條 1. 在臺已有合法居留身分，申請入學專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校之外國學生，應檢具下列 文件，逕向學校申請，並經甄試核准後註冊入學： 一、入學申請表。 二、合法居留證件影本。 三、學歷證明文件： （一）大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 （二）香港及澳門學歷：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 （三）其他地區學歷： 1.海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學歷。 2.前二目以外之國外地區學歷，應依本部國外學歷查證認定相關規定辦理。設校或分校於 大陸地區之國外學校學歷，應經大陸地區公證處公證，並經行政院設立或指定之機構或委 託之民間團體驗證。 2. 前項第三款學歷證明文件，於申請入學國民小學一年級上學期者，免予檢附。 3. 各校審核外國學生之入學申請時，對第一項第三款未經駐外機構、行政院設立或指定之機構或委 -92託之民間團體驗證之文件認定有疑義時，得要求驗證；其業經驗證者，得請求協助查證。 4. 高級中等以下學校應於第一項外國學生註冊入學後，列冊報該管主管機關備查。 5. 第一項外國學生如申請高級中等以下學校因招生額滿無法接受入學，得向主管機關申請輔導至有 缺額之學校入學。 6. 高級中等以下學校得視第一項申請入學學生甄試成績，編入適當年級就讀或隨班附讀；附讀以一 年為限，經考試及格者，承認其學籍。 第 20-1 條 1. 外國學生因該國發生戰亂、重大災害或重大傳染疾病疫情等情事，致該地區之學校無法正常運 作，得經我駐外機構、或其本國駐華使領館或授權機構檢齊相關評估資料，經本部會同外交部、 內政部移民署等相關機關認定後，其入學高級中等學校、專科學校以專案辦理招生。 2. 前項專案就學採外加名額者，以各校招生核定各該學制總名額外加百分之一為原則。 第 21 條 1. 外國學生就學應繳之費用，依下列規定辦理： 一、依前二條規定入學者、經駐外機構推薦來臺就學之外交部臺灣獎學金受獎學生及具我國永久居 留身分者，依就讀學校所定我國學生收費基準辦理。 二、依教育合作協議入學者，依協議規定辦理。 三、前二款以外之外國學生，依其就讀學校所定外國學生收費基準，並不得低於同級私立學校收費 基準。 2. 本辦法中華民國一百年二月一日修正施行前已入學之學生，該教育階段應繳之費用，仍依原規定 辦理。 第 22 條 1. 外國學生註冊時，新生應檢附已投保自入境當日起至少六個月效期之醫療及傷害保險，在校生應 檢附我國全民健康保險等相關保險證明文件。 2. 前項保險證明如為國外所核發者，應經駐外機構驗證。 第 23 條 外國學生有違反就業服務法之規定經查證屬實者，學校或相關主管機關應即依規定處理。 第 24 條 外國學生有休學、退學或變更、喪失學生身分等情事，學校應通報外交部領事事務局及學校所在地之 內政部移民署各服務站，並副知本部。 第 25 條 1. 學校違反本辦法規定者，主管機關依相關法令規定處理。 -932. 學校未依第二十三條規定處理者，各該主管機關並得視情形調整招收外國學生名額。 第 26 條 外國學生來臺於大專校院附設之華語文中心學習語文者，其申請程序、獎補助、管理與輔導、缺課時 數逾該期上課總時數四分之一以上及變更或喪失學生身分之通報，準用第七條第一項第一款、第三 款、第四款、第九條、第十五條、第十六條、第二十二條及第二十四條規定。 第 27 條 第七條第一項第一款、第十八條第一項第一款及第二十條第一項第一款所定書表格式，由各校定之； 第十八條第一項第五款及第六款所定書表格式，由本部定之。 第 27 -1條 1. 實驗教育機構得依高級中等以下教育階段非學校型態實驗教育實施條例，並準用本辦法規定，招 收外國學生來臺就學；其準用本辦法之範圍如下： 一、第二條。 二、第三條。 三、第四條。 四、第十一條。 五、第十三條第二項。 六、第十七條第一項。 七、第十八條。 八、第十九條第一項。 九、第二十條第一項至第四項。 十、第二十二條。 十一、第二十三條。 十二、第二十五條第一項。 十三、前條。 2. 實驗教育機構擬訂外國學生來臺就學有關計畫之內容，應包括外國學生專責人員之設置等事項。 3. 實驗教育機構招收外國學生之國別，比照高級中等以下學校招收外國學生之國別規定。 4. 符合第十九條第一項所定資格者，每人以擔任一位外國學生之在臺監護人為限。但實驗教育機構 之負責人或設立實驗教育機構之非營利法人代表，每人以擔任五位外國學生之在臺監護人為限。 5. 實驗教育機構招收外國學生之收、退費相關規定，應納入高級中等以下教育階段非學校型態實驗 教育實施條例第六條第四項第七款收、退費規定。 6. 外國學生有喪失學生身分、休學、變更或終止短期研習及其他情事，實驗教育機構應通報外交部 領事事務局及學校所在地之內政部移民署各服務站，並副知本部、直轄市、縣（市）主管機關及 設籍學校。 -94第 28 條 1. 本辦法自中華民國一百零一年八月一日施行。 2. 本辦法修正條文，除中華民國一百零一年十二月二十四日修正發布之條文，自一百零二年一月一 日施行，一百零二年八月二十三日修正發布之條文，自一百零二年九月一日施行外，自發布日施 行。 -95MOE "Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan" Article 1 These Regulations are formulated in accordance with the provisions of Article 25, Paragraph 3 of the University Act, Article 32, Paragraph 1 of the Junior College Act, Article 41, Paragraph 1 of the Senior High School Education Act, and Article 6, Paragraph 3 of the Primary and Junior High School Act. Article 2 A person of foreign nationality who has never held Republic of China ("R.O.C.") nationality and who meets the following requirements is permitted to apply for admission to an educational institution, in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations: 1. The person has never undertaken studies in Taiwan as an overseas Chinese student. 2. The person has not been given a placement in the current academic year by the University Entrance Committee for Overseas Chinese Students in accordance with the Regulations Regarding Study and Counseling Assistance for Overseas Chinese Students in Taiwan. A person of foreign nationality who meets the following requirements and who in the immediate past has resided overseas continuously for at least six years is also permitted to apply for admission to an educational institution, in accordance with these Regulations. However, a person who plans to apply to study in a university department of medicine, dentistry, or Chinese medicine must have resided overseas continuously for at least eight years. 1. A person who at the time of their application also holds dual R.O.C. nationality shall have never had household registration in Taiwan. 2. A person who before the time of their application also held dual R.O.C. nationality but no longer does at the time of their application shall have renounced their R.O.C. nationality with the approval of the Ministry of the Interior on a date at least eight full years before making their application. 3. A person referred to in either of the preceding two subparagraphs shall meet the requirements stipulated in Subparagraph 1 and Subparagraph 2 of the previous paragraph. A foreign national who was selected by a foreign government, organization, or school to study in Taiwan in accordance with the Education Cooperation Framework Agreement, and who has never had household registration in Taiwan may be given exemption from the restrictions set out in the preceding two paragraphs if the competent education administrative authority gives approval. The periods of six years and eight years stipulated in Paragraph 2 shall be calculated using the starting date of the semester (February 1, or August 1) as the end date of the period. The term "overseas" used in Paragraph 2 refers to countries or regions other than the Mainland Area, Hong Kong, and Macau; the term "reside overseas continuously" means that an international student has stayed in Taiwan for no more than a total of 120 days in each calendar year. When calculating the number of consecutive years spent overseas, if the initial or final year of the period is not a complete calendar year, any time spent in Taiwan in the initial or final year must not exceed 120 days. However, time that a person has spent in Taiwan is not subject to this restriction and it is not counted when calculating how long they were in Taiwan in a particular year if the person has documentary proof that they: 1. attended an overseas youth training course organized by the Overseas Compatriot Affairs Council or a technical professional training program accredited by the Ministry of Education; 2. spent a total period of less than two years undertaking Chinese language classes at a Chinese language center at a university or tertiary college which has Ministry of Education approval to recruit students overseas; 3. spent a total period of less than two years in Taiwan as an exchange student; or 4. spent a total period of less than two years undertaking an internship that they came to Taiwan to undertake with the approval of the designated central competent authority. A person who held both foreign and R.O.C. nationalities and applied for annulment of their R.O.C. nationality before the date of effect of the February 1, 2011 amendment to these Regulations may apply for admission as an international student in accordance with the provisions in place before the amendment and is not subject to the restrictions set out in Paragraph 2. In these Regulations a person to whom any of the circumstances set out in Article 2 of the Nationality Act apply is deemed to have Republic of China ("R.O.C.") nationality. -96Article 3 An applicant of foreign nationality, who is eligible for permanent residence in Hong Kong or Macao, who has never had household registration in Taiwan, and who at the time of their application has resided in Hong Kong, Macao, or elsewhere overseas continuously for at least six years may apply for admission in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations. However, a person who plans to apply to study in a university department of medicine, dentistry, or Chinese medicine must have resided overseas continuously for at least eight years. The term "resided […] continuously" in the preceding paragraph means that a person did not spend more than a total of 120 days in Taiwan in each calendar year. However, this restriction does not apply if a person can present documentary proof that any of the circumstances listed in Paragraph 5, Subparagraphs 1 to 4 of the previous article apply. The time that they spent in Taiwan in the ways listed is not counted when calculating the period of continuous residence referred to in the previous paragraph. A person who was formerly from the Mainland Area and who has foreign nationality and has have never had household registration in Taiwan, and who at the time of their application has resided overseas continuously for at least six years may apply for admission to an educational institution, in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations. However, a person who plans to apply to study in a university department of medicine, dentistry, or Chinese medicine must have resided overseas continuously for at least eight years. The term "resided […] continuously" in the preceding paragraph means that a person did not spend more than a total of 120 days in Taiwan in each calendar year. However, this restriction does not apply if a person can present documentary proof that any of the circumstances listed in Paragraph 5, Subparagraphs 1 to 4 of the previous article apply. The time that they spent in Taiwan in the ways listed is not counted when calculating the period that they resided continuously overseas referred to in the previous paragraph. The periods of six years and eight years stipulated in Paragraph 1 and in Paragraph 3 shall be calculated using the starting date of the semester (February 1, or August 1) as the end date of the period. The definition of "overseas" given in Paragraph 5 of the previous article also applies, mutatis mutandis, to Paragraphs 1 to 4. Article 4 An international student applying to study at an educational institution in Taiwan in accordance with the provisions of the two previous articles is limited to only applying once. If a student wants to continue studying in Taiwan, their application shall be handled in the same manner as the admission procedures for domestic students. An international student in any of the following circumstances, who after applying to study in Taiwan in accordance with the preceding paragraph, is applying to continue studying in Taiwan, or is once again applying to study in Taiwan, is not subject to the restriction set out in the preceding paragraph. 1. If the international student is applying for admission to a master's degree or higher-level program after completing the course of study at the educational institution to which they originally applied. The university to which the student is now applying shall handle the application in accordance with its regulations; 2. If the international student applied to come to Taiwan to undertake a bachelor's degree or lower-level program in Taiwan and after coming to Taiwan stayed for less than one year for some reason then discontinued their studies or forfeited their student status, that student may lodge another application to come to Taiwan to study, but only one such further application is permitted. 3. If the international student meets the requirements set out in the provisions of Article 2, Paragraph 1 and they are applying for admission to an associate degree program or a program below that level. 4. If the international student meets the requirements set out in the provisions of Article 2, Paragraph 1 and they are applying for admission to a bachelor's degree program other than one in a university department of medicine, dentistry, or Chinese medicine; only one such further application is permitted. If an educational institution in Taiwan where an international student was studying considers that their conduct or academic performance was unsatisfactory, or if the student seriously violated any ordinances or the regulations of the educational institution and the circumstances were serious and as a result, in accordance with the provisions of its regulations governing student awards and penalties had to discontinue their studies or forfeited their status as a registered student, the student is not permitted to re-apply to study in Taiwan on the basis of the provisions of the previous two paragraphs. -97Article 5 In principle, the actual number of places available for international students to be admitted to universities and two-year programs at junior colleges (hereunder referred to as "universities and tertiary colleges") is limited to an additional ten percent above the admission quota that was approved for the institution for the previous academic year by the Ministry of Education, and that number shall be incorporated into the total admission quota and reported to the Ministry of Education for approval. A university or junior college applying to recruit more than an additional ten percent shall submit a report of the planned increment (including associated quality control strategy and supportive measures) to the Ministry of Education for approval. Degree programs offered by collaborating domestic and foreign universities that have been approved on a case by case basis by the Ministry of Education are not subject to this restriction. The actual number of international students that may be admitted to a five-year program at a junior college, or to a senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school is limited up to an additional ten percent above the admission quota that was approved for the institution for the previous academic year that was approved by the competent education administrative authority, and that number shall be included in the total number of students admitted for that academic year and be reported to the competent education administrative authority for approval. Universities and tertiary colleges may augment the number of places at their institution available to international students by the number of places that were available to local students within the admission quota that was approved for the institution for the previous academic year and shall first report such an increase to the Ministry of Education for approval. The admission quotas referred to in Paragraph 1 and Paragraph 2 do not include international students who are not officially registered as a current student. Article 6 A university or tertiary college that recruits and admits international students into any year of its programs shall draw up its own related admission regulations to be made public and submit them to the Ministry of Education for approval. The contents shall include its recruitment method(s), admission eligibility review procedure, teaching language(s) used by departments (programs), student language proficiency criteria, proof of financial resources criteria, and other related matters. After the admission regulations referred to in the preceding paragraph have been approved by the Ministry of Education, each university or tertiary college shall formulate its own admission guidelines for international students that give details of its recruitment method(s), admission eligibility review procedure, the departments (programs) that may admit international students, teaching language(s) used by each of those departments (programs), student language proficiency criteria, the maximum number of years in which each program must be completed, admission quotas, eligibility criteria to apply for admission, proof of financial resources criteria, tuition and miscellaneous fee collection and refund criteria, information about scholarships and/or grants provided by the educational institution, and other related matters. Universities and tertiary colleges that handle the recruitment of international students are not permitted to commission any external institution, legal person, group, or individual to handle related matters except publicity and promotion, and to assist students coming to Taiwan undertake the necessary related procedures. In due course each university and tertiary college shall also verify whether any commissioned party has collected any unreasonable fees from international students, established any loan relationship with any international student, or whether any other violation of related ordinances has occurred, and when necessary, it may check details with international student(s who are applying for admission. When a university or tertiary college handles matters related to the admission of international students itself or it commissions an external institution, legal person, group, or individual to do so, it is not permitted to provide any information that is inconsistent with its admission regulations, admission guidelines, or any related regulations. Article 7 International students applying for admission to a university or tertiary college shall submit the following documents and apply directly to the university or college during its designated application period, and applicants who pass the review or screening process will be issued an admission notice: -981. An enrollment application form 2. Academic credentials: (1) Academic credentials from the Mainland Area: shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Academic Credentials for Mainland Area. (2) Academic credentials from Hong Kong or Macao: shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations Governing the Examination and Recognition of Educational Qualifications from Hong Kong and Macao. (3) Academic credentials from other areas: A. Academic credentials issued by an Overseas Taiwan School or a school for Taiwan business people in the Mainland Area shall be regarded as equivalent to academic credentials issued by an educational institution of the same level in Taiwan. B. Academic credentials from overseas other than those referred to the preceding two items shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Foreign Academic Credentials for Institutions of Higher Education. However, academic credentials issued by a campus or branch that a foreign educational institution has established in the Mainland Area by a foreign educational institution shall be notarized by a notary public there and authenticated by an agency established or designated by the Executive Yuan, or by a private organization commissioned by the Executive Yuan. 3. Proof of applicant's having sufficient funds to live on while studying in Taiwan, or proof of having a full scholarship or grant provided by a government, university, college, or private organization. 4. Other documents required by the educational institution being applied to. When an educational institution reviews an international student's admission application, if any of the documents specified in Subparagraphs 2 and 4 of the preceding paragraph have not been authenticated by an overseas mission, or by an agency established or designated by the Executive Yuan, or by a private organization commissioned by the Executive Yuan, and the educational institution has any doubts about them, it may request authentication by an overseas agency If documents that have already been authenticated raise any doubts, the educational institution may request examination of the documents. The admission notice referred to in Paragraph 1 shall set out in detail in both Chinese and English the name of the international student, the name of their program of study, the degree level, the language of instruction, the academic year of enrollment, the date the semester begins, the tuition and miscellaneous fee collection and refund criteria, any scholarship or grant awarded to the student, and any other pertinent information that international students must be notified of, and verify that international students studying in Taiwan understand their associated rights and obligations. A university or tertiary college institution may provide versions of these details in other mother languages of its international students. Article 7-1 An international student who submits any certificate or document as part of their application for admission to an educational institution that is found to be forged, fabricated, or that has been altered in some way shall have their enrollment eligibility revoked. If the student has already registered and begun classes, their registration as a current student shall be cancelled and they will not be awarded any certification whatsoever regarding their related academic undertakings. If any such circumstances are first discovered after a student has already graduated, the educational institution shall revoke the former student's eligibility to graduate and shall require any degree already awarded to be returned and shall rescind it. Article 8 An international student who has completed a bachelor's degree or a higher degree in Taiwan and is applying to be admitted to do a master's degree program or a higher degree may submit copies of their graduation certificate from the university or tertiary college in Taiwan and transcripts for each year of their studies and apply in accordance with the provisions of Article 7 and is, without having to submit the overseas academic records referred to in the provisions of Article 7, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2. An international student who meets the criteria set out in Article 2, Paragraph 1, and who has completed an associate degree program or a program below that level in Taiwan, may submit copies of their graduation certificate and transcripts for each year and apply for admission to a bachelor's degree program or a lower level program in accordance with the provisions of Articles 7, 18, and 20, without having to submit the overseas -99academic records referred to in the provisions of Article 7, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2; Article 18, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2; and Article 20, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 3. Article 9 A university or tertiary college that admits international students shall promptly register details of the following into the international student data management information system designated by the Ministry of Education: the international students admitted and registered, any transfer, deferral or abandonment of studies, any change to or loss of student status, and any departure from Taiwan. Article 10 An international student is not permitted to apply to study any recurrent or continuing education bachelor's degree program or in-service master's degree program, or any other program which is only taught in the evening or during vacations, at a university or tertiary college in Taiwan. However, an international student who already has legitimate resident status or who is undertaking a program approved on a case by case basis by the Ministry of Education is not subject to this restriction. Article 11 An international student who reports to register at a university or tertiary college, a five-year program at a junior college, or a senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school before it is already one-third of the way into the first semester of the current academic year shall be registered for the first semester. If it is already more than one-third of the way into the first semester, the international student shall register for the second semester or the next academic year. However, this restriction does not apply if each competent education administrative authority has some provision that overrides it. Article 12 An international student who with Ministry of Education approval is undertaking an internship after graduating from a university in Taiwan may have their international student status extended for up to one year after their graduation. An international student who after coming to Taiwan to study has been permitted to undertake initial household registration, resident registration, naturalization, or restoration of R.O.C. nationality procedures during the course of their studies in Taiwan will forfeit their international student status and shall be dismissed by their educational institution. However, this does not apply to a person in any of the following circumstances: 1. The student's admission to their educational institution was handled in the same manner as for the admission of domestic students. 2. The student applies for naturalization to acquire R.O.C. nationality in accordance with the provisions of Subparagraph 1 to Subparagraph 3, Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the Nationality Act. 3. The student meets the criteria set out in the provisions of Article 2, Paragraph 1 and applies for naturalization to acquire R.O.C. nationality in accordance with the provisions of Article 3 to Article 7 of the Nationality Act. Each university or tertiary college shall formulate its own regulations governing transfers of international students who are studying at a university or tertiary college in Taiwan, incorporate these into its admission regulations, and submit these to the Ministry of Education for approval. However, an international student who has been dismissed by the educational institution that admitted that student as a result of unsatisfactory conduct or of a conviction in criminal case proceedings is not permitted to transfer to another university or tertiary college. Article 13 A university or tertiary college may sign an education cooperation agreement with a foreign educational institution and recruit and admit international exchange students, provided that this does not affect normal teaching. A university or tertiary college may also apply, mutatis mutandis, its own international student admission regulations to accept suitable international students as non-degree students. With approval from each competent education administrative authority, senior secondary schools, junior high schools, and elementary schools may recruit international students for short-term periods of study in Taiwan of one year or less. -100Article 14 Educational institutions at all levels that establish programs exclusively for international students as part of an international academic cooperation program or to meet some other special need shall do so in accordance with the regulations governing overall scale of and resources for development of an educational institution at their level, and the competent education administrative authority will forward details of such programs for appraisal and approval by the Ministry of Education. Article 15 In order to provide incentive awards for outstanding international students who are studying at universities and tertiary colleges in Taiwan, the Ministry of Education may set up international student scholarships or may subsidize universities and tertiary colleges to do so. To encourage international students to come and study in Taiwan, universities and tertiary colleges may allocate funds to set up scholarships or financial study assistance to international students. Article 16 Universities and tertiary colleges shall designate units or personnel to be responsible for handling international student admission applications, counselling, and liaison matters. These units or personnel shall also boost the arrangement of homestay accommodation for international students, and of assistance for them to learn Mandarin Chinese and about Taiwan culture in order to better enhance their understanding of Taiwan. At different times each academic year, universities and tertiary colleges shall organize counselling activities for international students or accelerate campus internationalization, to help to foster exchanges and interactions between local students and international students. Article 17 A five-year program at a junior college, or a senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school that admits international students shall, apart from complying with the provisions of Article 20 when handling applications from international students who have legitimate resident status in Taiwan, prepare an international student recruitment plan and submit the plan to the competent education administrative authority for approval no later than November 30 each year, before recruitment may begin. The competent education administrative authorities at the municipality, county, and city levels shall submit their approved lists of the approved quotas for each educational institution in their jurisdiction to the Ministry of Education no later than December 31 each year for future reference. The plan referred to in the preceding paragraph shall include the establishment of a dedicated unit responsible for international students, planning to increase Chinese language and culture courses, and measures for arranging accommodation for international students. When necessary, the categories of countries and quotas for the admission of international students referred to in Paragraph 1 may be stipulated by the Ministry of Education in consultation with the Ministry of the Interior, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Article 18 Unless otherwise specified in Article 20, an international student applying for admission to a five-year program at a junior college, or a senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school shall directly apply to the junior college or school during its designated admission period and submit the following documents. If an applicant passes the review or screening process, the junior college or school will issue an admission notice. 1. An enrollment application form. 2. Academic credentials: (1) Academic credentials from the Mainland Area: shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Academic Credentials for Mainland Area. (2) Academic credentials from Hong Kong or Macao: shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations Governing the Examination and Recognition of Educational Qualifications from Hong Kong and Macao. (3) Academic credentials from other areas: -101A. Academic credentials issued by an Overseas Taiwan School or a school for Taiwan business people in the Mainland Area shall be regarded as equivalent to academic credentials issued by an educational institution of the same level in Taiwan. B. Academic credentials from overseas other than those referred to the preceding two items shall be handled in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable Ministry of Education regulations governing the assessment and recognition of international students' academic credentials and records. Academic credentials issued by a campus or branch of a foreign educational institution which it has established in the Mainland Area shall be notarized by a notary public office there and authenticated by an authority established or designated by the Executive Yuan, or by a private organization commissioned by the Executive Yuan. 3. Proof of applicant's having sufficient funds to live on while studying in Taiwan. 4. Documentary evidence of the eligibility of a guardian in Taiwan. 5. A power of attorney from the student's parents or other legal representative, which has been authenticated by an overseas mission, appointing the guardian in Taiwan. 6. A letter of agreement from the guardian in Taiwan which has been notarized by a notary public in Taiwan. 7. Any other documents required by the school, college, or university. The academic credentials stipulated in Subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph are not required to be submitted for an application to be admitted for the first semester of the first grade of elementary school. Adult international students are not required to submit the documents stipulated in Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs 4 to 6. When a junior college, or school is reviewing an international student's admission application, if any of the documents specified in Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs 2, 3, and 7 have not been authenticated by an overseas mission, or by an agency established or designated by the Executive Yuan, or by a private organization commissioned by the Executive Yuan, and the junior college or school has any doubts about them, it may request authentication by an overseas agency. If documents that have already been authenticated raise any doubts, the junior college or school may request examination of the documents. Article 19 The guardian in Taiwan referred to in the preceding article shall be an R.O.C. citizen who has household registration in Taiwan and shall submit a Police Criminal Record Certificate, and an income tax inventory for the most recent year checked and issued by a taxation organization itemizing personal taxable income from all sources of at least TWD 900,000. A person who satisfies the requirements prescribed in the preceding paragraph may serve as the guardian in Taiwan of only one international student. However, a school principal, or the chair of the board of directors of an incorporated school or a board member may act as the guardian in Taiwan of up to five international students. Article 20 An international student who has legitimate resident status in Taiwan and is applying to study a five-year program at a junior college, or at a senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school shall submit the following documents and apply directly to the junior college or school, and report to register there if their application is approved: 1. An enrollment application form; 2. A photocopy of a legitimate resident permit; 3. Academic credentials: (1) Academic credentials from the Mainland Area: shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Academic Credentials for Mainland Area. (2) Academic credentials from Hong Kong or Macao: shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations Governing the Examination and Recognition of Educational Qualifications from Hong Kong and Macao. (3) Academic credentials from other areas: A. Academic credentials issued by an Overseas Taiwan School or a school for Taiwan business people in the Mainland Area shall be regarded as equivalent to academic credentials issued by an educational institution of the same level in Taiwan. -102B. Academic credentials from overseas other than those referred to the preceding two items shall be handled in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable Ministry of Education regulations governing the assessment and recognition of international students' academic credentials and records. Academic credentials issued by a campus or branch of a foreign educational institution which it has established in the Mainland Area shall be notarized by a notary public office there and authenticated by an authority established or designated by the Executive Yuan, or by a private organization commissioned by the Executive Yuan. The academic credentials stipulated in Subparagraph 3 of the preceding paragraph are not required for an application for admission to the first semester of first grade at an elementary school. When a junior college, or school is reviewing an international student's admission application, if any of the documents specified in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 3 have not been authenticated by an overseas mission, or by an agency established or designated by the Executive Yuan, or by a private organization commissioned by the Executive Yuan, and the junior college or school has any doubts about them, it may request authentication by an overseas agency. If documents that have already been authenticated raise any doubts, the junior college or school may request examination of the documents. After the admission of the international students referred to in Paragraph 1, a senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school shall submit a list of their details to the competent education administrative authority for future reference. If a senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school cannot admit the international student referred to in Paragraph 1 applying to study there because the school has already filled its admission quota, the student may apply to the competent education administrative authority for a transfer to be admitted to a school that has a vacancy. A senior secondary school, junior high school, or an elementary school may assign the international student referred to in Paragraph 1 applying to study there to an appropriate grade level or give them a 'provisional' admission status, based on their results during the screening process. This 'provisional' status is valid for up to one year, and their student registration shall be confirmed if they pass the examinations. Article 20-1 If a chaotic war situation, major disaster, or major epidemic occurs in the country of an international student, and educational institutions in the region become unable to operate normally as a result, that student's admission to senior secondary school or junior college may be given special consideration on a case by case basis, if details of those circumstances have been assessed and submitted by an R.O.C. overseas mission or by the embassy, consular office or authorized representative office of the student's country in Taiwan, and then confirmed by the Ministry of Education in conjunction with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the National Immigration Agency of the Ministry of the Interior. In principle, the additional student admission quota referred to in the previous paragraph for students given special consideration on a case by case basis shall be one percent of the total student recruitment quota approved for that school or junior college. Article 21 The tuition related fees that international students in Taiwan shall pay are determined as stipulated below: 1. Students who have been admitted to study in Taiwan in accordance with the provisions of the previous two articles, or who have received a MOFA Taiwan Scholarship following recommendation by an overseas mission, or who have the status of permanent residents in Taiwan shall pay tuition and other fees in accordance with the standard fees that their educational institution applies to domestic students. 2. Students admitted to an educational institution in Taiwan in accordance with an education cooperation agreement shall pay their tuition and other fees as specified in the agreement. 3. If an international student is not covered by the provisions of either of the preceding two subparagraphs, an educational institution may charge the student based on the standard tuition and other fees for international students that it has determined, and these are not permitted to be lower than the fees levied by other private educational institutions at the same level. A student who was admitted to an educational institution in Taiwan before the date of effect of the February 1, 2011 amendment to these Regulations shall pay tuition and other for this stage of education fees in accordance with the pre-amendment provisions. -103Article 22 When a new international student registers, they shall submit proof of being covered by a medical and injury insurance policy which is valid for at least six months from the date that they entered Taiwan. Current students shall present documentary proof that they have joined Taiwan's National Health Insurance Plan. If the proof of insurance referred to in the previous paragraph was issued in a foreign country it shall be authenticated by an overseas mission. Article 23 If an investigation verifies that an international student has violated the provisions of the Employment Services Act, their educational institution, or the appropriate competent authority shall immediately handle the matter in accordance with the regulations. Article 24 If an international student defers or abandons their studies, or if there is any change to or loss of their student status, their educational institution shall notify the Bureau of Consular Affairs of the Ministry of the Foreign Affairs, the service center(s) of the National Immigration Agency of the Ministry of the Interior where their educational institution is located, and send copies of these notifications to the Ministry of Education. Article 25 If any educational is found to be in violation of any of the provisions of these Regulations, the competent education administrative authority shall deal with that educational institution in accordance with the provisions of the applicable ordinances. If an educational institution is not acting in accordance with the provisions of Article 23, depending on the circumstances, the appropriate competent education administration authority may also adjust the international student enrollment quotas for that educational institution. Article 26 The provisions of Article 7, Paragraph 4, Subparagraphs 1, 3, and 4, and of Articles 9, 15, 16, 22, and 24 also apply, mutatis mutandis, to the application procedures, scholarships and subsidies, supervision and guidance, absences from one quarter or more of the total scheduled class hours of a semester, and the reporting of changes to or loss of student status for international students who come to Taiwan to study Mandarin at a Chinese Language Centers affiliated with a university or tertiary college in Taiwan. Article 27 The format of the forms referred to in Article 7, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 1; in Article 18, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 1; and in Article 20, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 1 shall be determined by each educational institution. The format of the forms referred to in Article 18, Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs 5 and 6 shall be prescribed by the Ministry of Education. Article 27-1 Experimental education institutes may recruit international students to study in Taiwan in accordance with the Enforcement Act for Non-school-based Experimental Education at Senior High School Level or Below, and apply, mutatis mutandis, the provisions of the following articles of these Regulations: 1. Article 2. 2. Article 3. 3. Article 4. 4. Article 11. 5. Article 13, Paragraph 2. 6. Article 17, Paragraph 1. 7. Article 18. 8. Article 19, Paragraph 1. 9. Article 20, Paragraph 1 to Paragraph 4. 10. Article 22. 11. Article 23. -10412. Article 25, Paragraph 1. 13. The preceding article. The plans that an experimental education institute draws up related to international students' undertaking studies at their institute in Taiwan shall include items pertaining to putting in place personnel specifically responsible for international students. The categories of countries from which an experimental education institute is permitted to recruit international students are the same as those set out in the regulations specifying the categories of countries from which elementary and secondary level schools are permitted to recruit international students. A person who meets the criteria set out in Article 19, Paragraph 1 is restricted to being the guardian of just one international student. However, any person who is also the person in charge of an experimental education institute or is the legal representative of a non-profit body that has established an experimental education institute, that person is restricted to being the guardian of up to five international students. Experimental education institutes shall incorporate the regulations they draw up governing the fees for international student that they enroll and associated refunds into the fee collection and refund regulations referred to in Article 6, Paragraph 4, Subparagraph 7, of the Enforcement Act for Non-school-based Experimental Education at Senior High School Level or Below. If an international student loses their student status, suspends their studies, or changes or terminates their undertaking a period of short-term study, or had other changes in their circumstances, the experimental education institute shall notify the Bureau of Consular Affairs of the Ministry of the Foreign Affairs, the service center(s) of the National Immigration Agency of the Ministry of the Interior where the experimental education institute that the student attended is located, and send copies of these notifications to the Ministry of Education, and to the competent education administrative authority of the special municipality, county or city where the experimental education institute that the student attended is located, and the school where the student is nominally registered. Article 28 These Regulations shall take effect on August 1, 2012. The amendments to these Regulations shall take effect on the date of promulgation, with the exception of the amendments promulgated on December 24, 2012 which shall take effect on January 1, 2013, and the amendments promulgated on August 23, 2013 which shall take effect on September 1, 2013. -105教育部 大學辦理國外學歷採認辦法 第 1 條 本辦法依大學法第二十八條第二項規定訂定之。 第 2 條 大學辦理持國外學歷入學學生之學歷採認事宜，應依本辦法規定為之。 第 3 條 本辦法用詞，定義如下： 一、採認：指受理學校就申請人所檢附之國外學歷文件所為與國內同級同類學校相當學歷之認定。 二、參考名冊：指教育部（以下簡稱本部）就外國大專校院，收錄其名稱、地址所彙集而成並經公告 之名冊。 三、驗證：指申請人持國外學校學位證書、成績證明等證件，向我國駐外使領館、代表處、辦事處或 其他經外交部授權機構（以下簡稱駐外館處）申請證明文件為真。 四、查證：指學校查明證實當地國政府學校權責機關或其認定之教育專業評鑑團體對學校認可情形與 其入學資格、修業期限及修習課程等事項。 第 4 條 國外學歷符合下列各款規定者，始得採認： 一、畢（肄）業學校應為已列入參考名冊者；未列入參考名冊者，應為當地國政府學校權責機關或其 認定之教育專業評鑑團體所認可。 二、修業期限、修習課程，應與國內同級同類學校規定相當。 第 5 條 申請人申請國外學歷採認，應自行檢具下列文件，送各校辦理： 一、國外學歷證件及歷年成績證明影本一份。 二、包括國外學歷修業起迄期間之入出國主管機關核發之入出國紀錄一份。但申請人係外國人或僑民 者，免附。 三、其他學校規定之相關文件。 前項第一款文件，受理學校得逕向申請人國外畢業學校查證、函請我國駐外館處協助查證，或請申請 人辦理驗證。 第六條第八項及第九項之申請人，得以經當地國政府學校權責機關或其認定之教育專業評鑑團體出具 之證明文件代替第一項第二款資料。 第 6 條 第四條第二款所稱修業期限，指申請人停留於當地學校之修業時間，其規定如下： -106一、持高級中等學校學歷者，累計修業時間應符合當地國學制之規定。 二、持學士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿三十二個月。 三、持碩士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿八個月。 四、持博士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿十六個月。 五、碩士、博士學位同時於同校系（所）修習者，累計修業時間至少須滿二十四個月。 六、以專科學校畢業學歷或具專科學校畢業同等學力進修學士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿十六個 月。 前項修業期限，各校應對照國內外學制情形，以申請人所持國外學歷當地國學制、修業期間學校行事 曆及入出國紀錄等綜合判斷，其所停留期間非屬學校正規學制及行事曆所示修課時間者，不予採計。 修讀學士學位表現優異者，其修業期限，得由各校衡酌各該國外大學學制規定及實際情況，予以酌 減。 符合特殊教育法所稱身心障礙者，其修業期限，得由各校衡酌各該國外大學學制、身心障礙程度及其 他實際情況，予以酌減。 經由國際學術合作模式，同時在國內外大學修讀同級學位者，不得全程於國內大學修業；其修業期 限，得累計其停留於各當地大學之修業時間，並應符合下列規定，不適用第一項規定： 一、持學士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿三十二個月。 二、持碩士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿十二個月。 三、持博士學位者，累計修業時間至少須滿二十四個月。 前項申請人於國內外大學修習之學分數，累計應各達獲頒學位所需總學分數之三分之一以上。 申請人修業時間達第一項或第五項所定修業期限三分之二以上，其修業期限得由學校就申請人所持國 外學歷當地國學制、修業期間學校行事曆、入出國紀錄及國內同級同類學校學制等綜合判斷是否符合 大學入學同等學力後予以採認。 申請人入學所持國外學歷依國外學校規定須跨國（不包括我國）修習者，由申請人出具國外學校證明 文件並經學校查證認定後，其跨國之修業期限得併計為第一項所定之當地修業期限，且該跨國修習學 校應符合第四條、大陸地區學歷採認辦法或香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法之規定。 申請人持國內大學與國外大學合作設立經本部專案核定之學位專班學歷入學者，其停留國內大學之修 業期限得併計為第一項及第五項所定之修業期限。 第 7 條 第四條第二款所定修習課程，如以遠距教學方式修習，取得國外學校學歷者，應在符合第四條第一款 規定之學 校修習科目學分，或經由國際學術合作在國內大學修習學分，其學分數並符合國內遠距教學 之規定。 第 8 條 各校辦理國外學歷採認，除藝術類文憑，應依本辦法規定辦理查證後採認外，應依下列程序為之： 一、國外高級中等學校學歷或已列入參考名冊之國外學校學歷，由各校依本辦法規定採認。 -107二、未列入參考名冊之國外學校學歷，各校應依本辦法規定辦理查證後採認。 前項採認如有疑義時，學校應組成學歷採認審議小組進行採認；該小組之組織及運作規定，由學校定 之。 經前項學校審議小組審議後仍無法逕行採認者，學校得敘明疑義，並檢附相關證明文件送本部協助。 第 9 條 各校辦理國外學歷查證，應由申請人出具授權查證之同意書及相關文件。 各校向申請人國外畢業學校查證，或函請駐外館處協助查證申請人所持國外學歷之項目如下： 一、入學資格。 二、修業期限。 三、修習課程。 四、當地國政府學校權責機關或其認定之教育專業評鑑團體對學校認可情形。 五、其他必要查證事項。 第 10 條 國外學歷有下列情形之一者，不予採認： 一、經函授方式取得。 二、各類研習班所取得之修課證書（明）。 三、取得博士學位候選人資格未獲得博士學位，申請採認相當於碩士學位資格。 四、未經註冊入學及修業，僅以論文著作取得博士學位。 五、名（榮）譽學位。 六、非使用中文之國家或地區，以中文授課所頒授之學歷。但不包括高級中等學校學歷。 七、未經本部核定，在我國所設分校、分部及學位專班，或以國外學校名義委託機構在國內招生授課 取得之學歷。 八、以遠距教學方式取得之學歷不符第七條規定者。 第 11 條 申請人所提供之各項證件，有偽造、變造、冒用等不實情事，經調查屬實者，應予撤銷其學歷之採 認。獲錄取者，撤銷其入學許可；已註冊入學者，撤銷其學籍，且不發給與修業有關之任何證明文 件；畢業後發現者，撤銷畢業資格，並請申請人繳還及註銷學位證書；涉及刑事責任者，移送檢 察機關依法辦理。 第 12 條 國內各用人或考試機構採認國外學歷者，得由各該主管機關參照本辦法規定辦理。 第 13 條 本辦法自發布日施行。 -108Regulations Governing the Assessment and Recognition of Foreign Academic Records by Institutions of Higher Education Article 1 These Regulations have been formulated in accordance with Article 28, Paragraph 2 of the University Act. Article 2 Institutions of higher education shall undertake the assessment and recognition of foreign academic records of students applying for admission, in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations. Article 3 Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows: 1. Assessment and recognition: refers to the determination by the institution of higher education handling an application whether the foreign academic credentials and documentary records submitted by an applicant are equivalent to those issued by an educational institution in Taiwan of an equivalent academic level and nature. 2. Reference list: refers to the list of the names and addresses of foreign tertiary level institutions of higher education recognized by the Ministry of Education, put together and made public by the Ministry of Education. 3. Authentication: refers to an applicant submitting documents such as a degree or transcripts from a foreign educational institution to an ROC embassy, consulate, representative office, or office, or other agency authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (hereunder referred to as "an overseas mission") and applying to have the documents certified as authentic. 4. Verification: refers to an institution of higher education checking the nature of the approval that a foreign educational institution has actually been given by the government authority responsible for such educational institutions or by the professional accreditation agency for education in the country where it is located, and its admission requirements, the restrictions on the period spent undertaking a program, and the courses that must be completed. Article 4 Only foreign academic records that satisfy each of the following provisions may be assessed for recognition: 1. The educational institution from which the applicant graduated or where they have been studying but have not yet graduated shall already be listed in the reference list. An educational institution not in the reference list shall have been accredited by the government authority responsible for such educational institutions or by the professional accreditation agency for education in the country where it is located. 2. The restrictions on the period spent undertaking a program, and the courses that must be completed shall be comparable to those prescribed for a comparable program at an educational institution in Taiwan of an equivalent academic level and nature. Article 5 An applicant applying for assessment and recognition of their foreign academic credentials shall personally submit the following documents to each institution of higher education that they are applying to for admission: 1. A photocopy of their foreign academic credentials and of transcripts for each year of their studies 2. A record of the applicant's cross-border entries and exits, issued by the competent entry and exit authority, that covers the full period of their studies for their foreign academic credential. However, an applicant who is a foreign citizen or an overseas compatriot is not required to include this. 3. Other relevant documents specified by the institution of higher education. The institution of higher education handling the application may deal with the documents referred to in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph by requesting the foreign educational institution from which the -109applicant graduated to verify the documents, by writing to an ROC overseas mission and requesting its assistance to undertake verification, or by asking the applicant to arrange to have the documents authenticated. The applicant referred to in Article 6, Paragraph 8 and Paragraph 9 may submit documentary evidence issued by the government authority responsible for such educational institutions or by the accreditation agency for education in the country where the foreign educational institution is located, in place of the record referred to in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2. Article 6 The "restrictions on the period spent undertaking a program" in Article 4, Subparagraph 2 refers to the period that the applicant spent undertaking a program at a foreign educational institution and the following provisions apply: 1. An applicant who has senior secondary school academic credential shall have spent a total period undertaking the senior secondary program that satisfies the regulations of the education system in the country where the school they attended is located. 2. An applicant who has a bachelor's degree shall have spent a total period of at least 32 full months undertaking the bachelor's degree program. 3. An applicant who has a master's degree shall have spent a total period of at least eight full months undertaking the master's degree program. 4. An applicant who has a doctorate shall have spent a total period of at least 16 full months undertaking the doctorate program. 5. An applicant who concurrently completed the programs for and obtained both a master's degree and a doctorate at the same university (graduate institute) shall have spent a total period of at least 24 full months undertaking the master's degree and doctorate programs. 6. An applicant who has an academic credential after graduating from a junior college or who has an associate's degree and academic ability equivalent to having graduated from a junior college shall have spent a total period of at least 16 full months undertaking the associated program. With regard to the restrictions on the period spent undertaking a program referred to in the preceding paragraph, each institution of higher education shall compare the domestic and foreign education systems at that level and make an overall determination taking into account the education system in the country where the applicant obtained the foreign academic credential, the administrative calendar of the educational institution during the period the applicant was undertaking the program, and the applicant's cross-border entry and exit record. If a period that the applicant spent in that foreign locality is not consistent with the regular length of a program at that educational institution or the program schedule indicated on its administrative calendar, that period will not be counted. If an applicant had an outstanding performance during their study for a bachelor's degree, the educational institution to which they are applying may make a discretionary reduction to the required period spent undertaking their bachelor's degree program, taking into due consideration the regulations governing the length of programs at institutions of higher education in that particular foreign country, and the specific circumstances. If a person is categorized as having a physical or mental disability as defined in the Special Education Act, the educational institution to which they are applying may make a discretionary reduction to the required time which they spent undertaking their program, taking into due consideration the length of programs at institutions of higher education in that particular foreign country, the extent of their physical and/or mental disability, and other specific circumstances. If an applicant undertook a degree program that can be taken concurrently at the same level at a domestic institution of higher education and a foreign one under an international academic collaboration program, the applicant is not permitted to have completed the program entirely at the domestic institution. The total time the applicant spent undertaking the degree program at each of the institutions of higher education may be combined; it shall be subject to the following provisions, and the provisions of Paragraph 1 are not applicable: -1101. An applicant who has a bachelor's degree shall have spent a total period of at least 32 full months undertaking the bachelor's degree program. 2. An applicant who has a master's degree shall have spent a total period of at least 12 full months undertaking the master's degree program. 3. An applicant who has a doctorate shall have spent a total period of at least 24 full months undertaking the doctorate program. The course credits earned by an applicant studying at the domestic institution of higher education and those earned at the foreign institution of higher education referred to in the preceding paragraph shall in each case be at least one-third of the total number of course credits required by each of the institutions for the conferral of such a degree. If the period that the applicant spent undertaking their program is at least two-thirds of the requirement stipulated in Paragraph 1 or in Paragraph 5, the institution of higher education may assess their foreign academic credential for recognition, after first making an overall determination of whether the applicant's educational level is equivalent to that required for admission to an institution of higher education, taking into account the education system in the country where the applicant obtained their foreign credential, the administrative calendar of the educational institution during the period the applicant was undertaking the program, the applicant's cross-border entry and exit record, and the length of programs at a domestic educational institution of an equivalent academic level and nature. If an applicant for admission to a university has been awarded a foreign academic credential that, in accordance with the regulations of the foreign university, required courses to be undertaken abroad (including in the Mainland Area, Hong, Kong, and Macao, but not including Taiwan), the period that the applicant spent undertaking courses abroad may be included when calculating whether they satisfy the requirement stipulated in Paragraph 1 if the applicant has submitted documentary evidence from the foreign university and the domestic university has undertaken verification and given approval. In addition, any educational institution(s) at which the courses abroad were undertaken shall satisfy the provisions of Article 4, the provisions of the Regulations Governing the Assessment and Recognition of Educational Qualifications from the Mainland Area, or the provisions of the Regulations Governing the Examination and Recognition of Educational Qualifications from Hong Kong and Macao. If an applicant being admitted has an academic credential obtained after undertaking a professional degree program offered by a collaborating domestic university and a foreign university that was approved by the Ministry of Education on a case by case basis, when calculating whether they satisfy the requirements stipulated in Paragraph 1 and in Paragraph 5, the period that they spent undertaking courses at the domestic university may also be included. Article 7 With regard to the courses that must be completed referred to in Article 4, Subparagraph 2, if the academic credential conferred by a foreign educational institution is obtained by completing courses in distance learning mode, the course credits earned shall have been taken at an educational institution that satisfies the provisions of Article 4, Subparagraph 1 or with a domestic university under an international academic collaboration program. The number of credits shall also satisfy the regulations governing domestic distance education. Article 8 Each university shall follow the procedure set out below when undertaking the assessment and recognition of all foreign academic credentials except arts related diplomas. Arts related diplomas shall first be verified in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations and then be assessed and recognized: 1. The assessment and recognition of academic records issued by a foreign senior secondary school, or of academic credentials issued by a foreign educational institution on the reference list, shall be carried out by the university in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations. 2. Academic credentials issued by a foreign educational institution that is not on the reference list shall first be verified by the university in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations and then be assessed and -111recognized. If any doubt arises during the assessment and recognition referred to in the previous paragraph, the university shall organize an academic credential assessment and recognition review panel to undertake the assessment and recognition. The university shall stipulate the regulations governing the organization and operations of the panel. If the university's review panel referred to in the previous paragraph is still unable to undertake the assessment and recognition, the university may submit an explanation of the matter raising doubt to the Ministry of Education, together with related documentary evidence, and request its assistance. Article 9 When undertaking verification of foreign academic credentials, each university shall require the applicant to submit a letter of consent authorizing it to undertake verification, and related documents. The university may ask the foreign educational institution from which an applicant graduated to verify the following matters regarding the applicant's foreign academic credential(s), or send a written request to an overseas mission for assistance to do so: 1. Admission requirements; 2. The restrictions on the period spent undertaking a program; 3. The courses that must be completed; 4. The nature of the approval given to the educational institution by the government authority responsible for such educational institutions or by the professional accreditation agency for education in the country where it is located; 5. Any other matters that require verification. Article 10 The following academic credentials awarded in a foreign country are not eligible for assessment and recognition: 1. An academic credential obtained by completing a program in correspondence mode. 2. Certificates awarded after undertaking attendance at any kind of training courses, seminars, or workshop. 3. Having obtained candidate status for a doctorate without having been awarded the doctorate. A person with this status may apply for assessment and recognition as having the equivalent of a master's degree. 4. A doctorate conferred only on the basis of having completed a dissertation, without having registered, been admitted, and undertaking any courses. 5. Honorary degrees. 6. An academic credential awarded for a program undertaken in a non-Chinese speaking country or region, with Chinese as the language of instruction. This, however, does not include any senior secondary academic credential. 7. An academic credential obtained from a foreign educational institution that has established a branch or a division and professional degree programs in Taiwan that do not have Ministry of Education approval, or obtained from an institution commissioned to recruit students and teach courses in Taiwan in the name of a foreign educational institution without Ministry of Education approval. 8. Any academic credential obtained in distance learning mode which does not satisfy the provisions of Article 7. Article 11 If any documents provided by an applicant are found to not be genuine by being forged or altered in any way, or by presenting another person's details as the applicant's own, after this has been investigated and confirmed, the assessment and recognition of the applicant's academic credential(s) shall be revoked. A student who has already been admitted will have their permission to enroll as a student revoked. If a student has already registered and begun classes, their registration as a current student shall be cancelled and they will not be -112awarded any documentary certification whatsoever regarding their related academic undertakings. If any such circumstances are first discovered after a student has already graduated, the educational institution shall revoke the former student's eligibility to graduate and shall request the applicant to return any degree already awarded and shall rescind it. If any such circumstances involve any criminal liability, the matter shall be referred to a prosecutorial authority to handle in accordance with the law. Article 12 The competent authority of any domestic employment or examination agency which assesses and recognizes foreign academic credentials may consult the provisions of these Regulations for reference. Article 13 These Regulations shall come into effect on the date of promulgation. MOE refers to Ministry of Education.