Library Centers and Institutes News Events ADA Foundation Career@ADA MyADA Apply Now About Leadership & Governance ADA University Italy-Azerbaijan University Accreditations and Rankings Campus Strategic Plan Honorary Degrees Admissions Find your Program Undergraduate Graduate International Financial Aid Tuition and Costs Academics Research Publications Core Competencies Academic Calendar Policies Schools College Public & International Affairs Business IT & Engineering Education Law Agricultural & Food Sciences Design & Architecture Executive Education ADA Experience Student Life Exchange Programs Career Services Alumni Student Success ADA School ADA Primary School ADA High School EN MENU About Leadership & Governance ADA University Italy-Azerbaijan University Accreditations and Rankings Campus Strategic Plan Honorary Degrees Admissions Find your Program Undergraduate Graduate International Financial Aid Tuition and Costs Academics Research Publications Core Competencies Academic Calendar Policies Schools College Public & International Affairs Business IT & Engineering Education Law Agricultural & Food Sciences Design & Architecture Executive Education ADA Experience Student Life Exchange Programs Career Services Alumni Student Success ADA School ADA Primary School ADA High School Library Centers and Institutes News Events ADA Foundation Career@ADA MyADA International Home Admission International Diversity Here at ADA University, we consider our diversity as our core value and core competence. No matter which corner of the world you are from, chances are you will find friends from your part of the world on our campus or in the multicultural community of our capital city. We are proud to host students from 49 countries of the world who contribute to our tapestry of an inclusive learning environment. We want to learn to work effectively in diverse and multicultural environments; respect and understand different opinions and perspectives; to appreciate diverse cultures and viewpoints; to carry out tasks collaboratively with men and women, with people of all faiths with people of all ethnicities; to demonstrate emotional intelligence while doing so; and to try to reconcile differences and share leadership. Diversity of cultures, opinions, perspectives and viewpoints matters. That is what makes ADA strong and this is why ADA matters. Admissions We are home to international students from 49 countries of the world. We consider international students who do not have Azerbaijani citizenship. ADA University also has an Alimardan bay Topchubashov International Fellowship program. You should apply to ADA University by submitting an online application form and additional documents. Learn more about undergraduate and graduate admission procedures or contact us by emailing admissions@ada.edu.az Housing Only a few blocks from campus, "Univerium" provides fully-furnished student dorm. Univerium offers apartments out of the ADA campus designed for international students. From the realities of sharing a room to heated late-night discussions and savoring home-cooked food from different cultures, you will discover new things every day and turn your roommates into lifelong friends. Just like your classes, living with other students is a learning experience in itself. Life in Baku Conveniently located in one of the central quarters of Baku, ADA University campus is a safe and enjoyable place. Students have easy access to public transportation using the nearby Ganjlik Metro station and frequently running buses. Baku offers a vibrant and multicultural environment. Everyone can find something for themselves at this crossroad of East and West. Being a capital city, Baku also has a sizable expat community. This is a place where you will not stop exploring. From the walled medieval town of Icheri Sheher to the avant-garde Heydar Aliyev Center designed by world famous Zaha Hadid, you will learn through the living and experiencing. Getting here If you have been admitted to ADA University as an international student, you will soon find your new home in the heart of Baku. Whether you will be spending four years, two years two or just a semester with us, we are ready to welcome you for your academic endeavors and embrace you as a new member of ADA University's international community and family. To obtain your Azerbaijani visa, please contact the Embassy of Azerbaijan or consulate in your country for application requirements, procedures, and processing times. If there is no Embassy of Azerbaijan in your country, you can apply for visa through (evisa.gov.az) portal by selecting EDUCATION purpose of visa only. If you are not eligible to apply for e-visa, you may be able to receive a visa upon arrival at Baku's Heydar Aliyev International Airport (GYD) with the special permission letter issued by the help of ADA University. Transportation from GYD to ADA University is available via: Baku Bus Airport Express which will take you to 28 May metro station. From there, you will be able to take a subway train to Ganjlik metro station. ADA University campus is a short walk from Ganjlik metro station. Taxi (costs about 20 AZN) Office of Global Outreach and Partners Our Office of Global Outreach and Partners is your advising and supporting point from the moment you arrive in Baku, go through the orientation program and until you graduate. Our able staff assist students in maintaining their legal status in Azerbaijan, provide support for their dependents and promote interaction with and integration into the ADA community at large. It is the primary administrative and advising office for ADA's international community. Contact info: international@ada.edu.az Click here to download Handbook for International Students Team Members Milana Mir Feyzullazada Manager Office of Global Outreach and Partners Jamila Aliyeva Administrator Office of Global Outreach and Partners Khadija Teyyubova Specialist Office of Global Outreach and Partners Connect With Us About Us ADA University Campus Admissions Student Life Career@ADA Quick Links Washington Center of ADA University Giving to ADA Institute for Development and Diplomacy ADA University Library MyADA Contact Us info@ada.edu.az (+994 12) 437 32 35 Ahmadbey Aghaoghlu str. 61, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1008 Apply Now Copyright © 2026 ADA. All rights reserved.