APPLICATION PROCEDURE BOOKLET Faculty of Liberal Arts Intake Periods Spring and Autumn 2027 Degree Offered B.A. in Liberal Arts Types of entry ■ First-Year Entry ■ Third-Year Transfer Entry This document screening-based admissions process is designed to attract students from a wide range of academic, cultural, and geographic backgrounds. Applicants are eligible to apply regardless of nationality or country of residence, provided they satisfy the admission requirements. The selection process takes a holistic approach, evaluating applicants through a range of indicators, including, but not limited to, internationally recognized standardized qualifications, English language proficiency test results, essays that demonstrat e critical thinking and intellectual curiosity, and letters of recommendation from educators or other individuals familiar with the applicant's academic potential. Through a comprehensive review of these application materials, the University assesses the knowledge, skills, critical thinking, judgment, communication abilities, and overall academic potential required for success in higher education. Sophia University Admissions Office 7-1 Kioi-cho, Chiyoda-ku Tokyo 102-8554, JAPAN Tel: 81-3-3238-4018 Fax: 81-3-3238-3262 Email: admission-u-co@sophia.ac.jp URL: https://fla.sophia.ac.jp/ 1 CONTENTS I. Application and Admission Procedure ································ ······················· 2 1. Academic Schedule ································ ································ ·············· 2 2. Number of Students to be Admitted ································ ·························· 2 3. Eligibility ································ ································ ···························· 2 4. Application Procedure ································ ································ ··········· 3 5. Application Schedule································ ································ ············· 5 6. Application Fee ································ ································ ···················· 6 7. Application Documents ································ ································ ·········· 6 8. Screening ································ ································ ························· 14 9. Notice of Results ································ ································ ················ 14 10. Entrance Procedures for Successful Applicants ································ ········· 14 11. International Students Coming to Japan ································ ·················· 16 II. Academic Information ································ ································ ·········· 16 1. Transfer of Credits and Residency Time ································ ·················· 16 2. Early Graduation ································ ································ ················ 16 III. Scholarships ································ ································ ······················ 16 IV. Housing ································ ································ ···························· 16 V. Other Information ································ ································ ················ 16 Published by the Admissions Office Sophia University May, 2026 Admissions Policy For Sophia University Admissions Policy, please visit the website below: https://piloti.sophia.ac.jp/eng/academic/3policies/ Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained herein. However, subsequent to the date of publicati on, unavoidable circumstances may result in changes in this document . The University reserves the right to make all such changes, including those in the program of study, courses of instruction, fees, and officers of administration and instruction, without notice. 2 I. APPLICATION AND ADMISSION PROCEDURE 1. OFFICIAL DATE OF ENROLLMENT Spring Semester: April 1, 2027 Autumn Semester: September 21, 2027 2. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF STUDENTS ADMITTED ■ First year Entry: Spring Intake 60 students *Totaled across the First and Second Application Periods Autumn Intake 80 students *Totaled across the First and Second Applications Periods Total 140 students Notes - For the Spring intake, up to 46 additional students may be admitted through other types of recommendation -based admissions, in addition to the 60 students mentioned above. ■ Third-Year Transfer Entry: Spring Intake Limited Number *Spring Intake First Application Period only Autumn Intake Limited Number *Autumn Intake Second Application Period only Students entering as transfer students must meet the residence requirements for graduation. (See TRANSFER OF CREDITS AND RESIDENCY TIME) 3. ELIGIBILITY ■ First-year entry: Applicants who meet one or more of the following criteria may apply for entrance to the Faculty of Liberal Arts. (1) Those who have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years or more of formal education in Japanese schools accredited by the MEXT (2) Those who have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years or more of formal education outside Japan (3) Those who have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years of education at foreign schools in Japan recognized by the MEXT (4) Those who hold, or are expected to hold, the International Baccalaureate Diploma, Baccalaureate, Abitur, International ALevels, GCE A-levels or European Baccalaureate before entering Sophia University (5) Those who have been recognized individually by Sophia University as having qualifications equivalent to (1), (2), (3) or (4) and will reach the age of 18 at the time of entrance to Sophia University ■ Third-Year Transfer Entry: Applicants who meet one or more of the following criteria may apply for entrance to the Faculty of Liberal Arts as a transfer student. Those who do not meet either of the following qualifications should apply as a first-year student. (1) Those who have completed, or are expected to complete, two full academic years at a bachelor's degree-conferring institution as a degree seeking student (2) Those who have completed, or are expected to complete an associate degree in Arts/Science Notes - Admitted applicants enroll as third-year students. However, it may take more than 2 years to complete the degree at Sophia University. - Applicants from three-year colleges outside Japan that are authorized to confer associate degrees are eligible to apply. However, applications with Associate Degree of Applied Science are not accepted. Moreover, applications from vocational school professional programs/specialized training college (専修学校) are not accepted. 3 4. APPLICATION PROCEDURE Application is accepted through the following steps. Make sure to complete each step. STEP A. Prepare the following items -Application materials (see 7. APPLICATION DOCUMENTS) -Digital face photo (color) -PC STEP B. Create your "MyPage" On the on-line application website, register the following to create your "MyPage." -Email address -Face photo -Basic information For more information about the application website, refer to the guide on https://www.guide.52school.com/guidance/net-sophia/eng Note: Important information will be sent to the email address registered until your enrollment in Sophia. Make sure to use an email address which you will always be able to access even after leaving your current school. STEP C. Enter all the required application information - Choose the correct admissions type and enter all the required application information via STEP3 of your "MyPage." - Information can be input only during the correct online application period. STEP D. Pay the application fee - See 6. APPLICATION FEE - You can download your application forms and check your Receipt Number via STEP4 of your "MyPage." - Concerning the online application deadline, see the "Application period (via MyPage)" on the next page. Note: Please note that payment of the application fee alone does not complete your application. You must proceed to the next step and submit all required documents to complete your application. 4 STEP E. Create an account on the Application Documents Upload Website - Application Documents Upload Website: https://sophiaupload.jp/ - You are required to create an account on the Application Documents Upload Website. To do so, please use the same email address you used for the online application and the "Receipt Number" issued on the online application website. - If you are applying to multiple programs, a separate Receipt Number will be issued for each application. Please make sure to create a separate set of application documents on the Upload Website for each Receipt Number. STEP F . Submit all the documents via the Application Documents Upload Website - Instructions for using this website are clearly explained on its top page. A detailed User Guide is also available at the following link: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/jpn/uploadsitemanual/ Any failure to follow the instructions provided, including not reviewing this guidance or uploading incorrect documents, may impact on your application. Please note that the applicant bears full responsibility for such issues. - Please make sure to carefully review all the information you have entered before submitting. Once submitted, the information cannot be edited, and the university will not make any corrections on your behalf. After confirming that all information is correct, click the "Submit" button to finalize your submission. Please note that if you upload all required documents but do not click the final "Submit" button, your application will not be screened. - For more information about the submission method of each document, refer to 7. APPLICATION DOCUMENTS. - For the submission deadline, see the "Application documents submission deadline" on the next page. 5 5. APPLICATION SCHEDULE Multiple application periods are available. Please note that the categories of applicants differ depending on the application period , admission type (First-year Entry or Transfer Entry) and so on. Applicants are advised to carefully confirm which application period applies to them. For Spring (April) 2027 Intake For Autumn (September) 2027 Intake Notes - Date and time are based on Japan Standard Time. - STEP D must be completed by the end of the "Application Period," and STEP F must be completed by the "Application Documents Submission Deadline." - All application materials must be fully submitted via the Application Documents Upload Website by the specified submission deadline. Late submissions will not be accepted under any circumstances. First Application Period For Both First-year Entry and Third-year Transfer Entry Application Period (via MyPage) September 1, 2026, 10:00 a.m. ~ September 9, 2026, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Application Documents Submission Deadline September 16, 2026, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Notice of Results October 23, 2026, 10:00 a.m. (JST) Matriculation Deadline for Admitted Students November 27, 2026 Second Application Period Eligibility is limited to applicants for First-year Entry who hold a valid status of residence in Japan that remains valid until the time of enrollment. Application Period (via MyPage) November 11, 2026, 10:00 a.m. ~ December 4, 2026, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Application Documents Submission Deadline December 11, 2026, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Notice of Results January 29 2027, 10:00 a.m. (JST) Matriculation Deadline for Admitted Students March 5, 2027 First Application Period For First-year Entry Only Application Period (via MyPage) November 11, 2026, 10:00 a.m. ~ December 4, 2026, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Application Documents Submission Deadline December 11, 2026, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Notice of Results February 5, 2027, 10:00 a.m. (JST) Matriculation Deadline for Admitted Students April 9, 2027 Second Application Period For Both First-year Entry and Third-year Transfer Entry Application Period (via MyPage) March 10, 2027, 10:00 a.m. ~ March 31, 2027, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Application Documents Submission Deadline April 7, 2027, 11:59 p.m. (JST) Notice of Results June 4, 2027, 10:00 a.m. (JST) Matriculation Deadline for Admitted Students July 9, 2027 6 6. APPLICATION FEE 35,000 yen (On-line payment handling fee of 1,100 yen will be charged in addition to the application fee.) Please follow the guide on STEP 3 on "MyPage" to complete the payment*. - Applicants residing in Japan must complete the payment by one of the indicated methods: credit card; on-line banking; convenience stores; bank ATM Pay-easy service. Debit card payment is not accepted. - Overseas applicants who do not hold a Japanese bank account must complete the payment by credit card only. - Payment must be completed during the application period and by 11:59 p.m. (JST) of each on-line application deadline. After the deadline, the application will not be accepted. The application fee is non-refundable once paid. - Application fee waivers are not offered. Notes - In case the window shuts down during STEP 3, go to STEP 4 to continue the payment process. - The name of the payer does not need to match the applicant's name. - Please note that the payment at a convenience store could take some time to be completed. 7. APPLICATION DOCUMENTS Confirm the required application documents below and make sure to check details under each specific item on the following page. Documents Who should submit How to submit A. Application Forms Applicant ・ Must be submitted by the applicant via the application documents upload website B. Essays Applicant C. Official Academic Transcript/Grade Report(s) School ・Must be submitted by the school via the application documents upload website ・ If submission via the website is not possible, submission from the school directly to the Admissions Office via email/ official school systems is accepted. If the school is unable to use the website, email, or an official school system , the documents may be sent directly from the school by post. ・If submission from the school is not possible, the applicant can submit the documents via post. In this case, the documents must be certified by a school official and be officially sealed in a school envelope. D. Certificate of Graduation/Expected Graduation School E. Two Letters of Recommendation Recommender ・ Must be submitted by the recommender via the application documents upload website. F. Standardized Test Scores Test institution ・ Must be sent by the testing institution directly to the Admissions Office. G. Proof of English Proficiency Test institution ・ Must be sent by the testing institution directly to the Admissions Office. ・ The applicant must also submit a copy/screenshot of their results certificate via the application documents upload website. H. Photocopy of Passport Applicant ・ Must be submitted by the applicant via the application documents upload website I. Application Materials Checklist Applicant 7 Details concerning the Application Documents Upload Website - Applicants who have completed the online application and paid the application fee via MyPage must submit all required documents through the Application Documents Upload Website: https://sophiaupload.jp/ - To create an account on this website, use the same email address as your online application, along with the Receipt Number issued upon completing the application. Please note that your name, date of birth, and Receipt Number will also be required for document upload. - Documents must be submitted by the Application Documents Submission Deadline, as indicated in the schedule. - Only files in PDF or JPG/PNG format are accepted. Make sure to follow the instructions shown on the website top page carefully. A step-by-step User Guide is also available here: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/jpn/uploadsitemanual/ - If you upload your documents but do not click the final "Submit" button, your application will not be screened. Alternative submission methods other than application documents upload website (only accepted if digital submission of transcripts/certificates via the website is not possible): Email submission/Submission via school official systems - The applicant's school must send the digital files to admission-u-co@sophia.ac.jp, using their official institutional email address. Digital documents sent by applicants are not accepted. The title of the email must be: APPLICATION (Online Application Receipt Number) to "Name of the program". e.g.: APPLICATION (123456) to the FLA. - If your school uses an official system such as CSSD or Parchment for issuing or providing official documents, please request that the documents be sent directly to our email address: admission-u-co@sophia.ac.jp Post - The applicant's school must send the original documents/certified copies to the address below. - Unsealed copies sent by applicants are not accepted. SOPHIA UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS OFFICE 7-1 KIOI-CHO, CHIYODA-KU, TOKYO 102-8554 JAPAN FLA APPLICATION or 102-8554 東京都千代田区紀尾井町7-1 上智大学入学センター FLA 出願書類在中 Important Notes Regarding Application Documents - Documents printed in languages other than English or Japanese should be translated into English and certified by a school official or an official agency, such as an embassy or consulate. A copy of the original document in the original language must also be submitted along with the translation. - The use of ChatGPT or a ny other generative AI tools, applications, websites when writing application documents is strictly forbidden. - If any falsified documents, false statements, plagiarism or other misconduct are identified in the application materials, admission will be denied. If such matters are discovered after enrollment, the admission will be rescinded. - Application documents will not be returned under any circumstances. - If an original document cannot be reissued (e.g., a comment in school report handwritten by a teacher), a copy certified by the school official (Principal or Registrar) or Sophia University Admissions Office is acceptable. - Due to the large volume of application materials being received, the Admissions Office is unable to respond to individual inquiries regarding the delivery or arrival status of application documents, score reports, or other documents. Applicants are kindly requested to refrain from contacting the office by phone or email for such matters and instead confirm the delivery status directly with the relevant test center, school, or recommender. - If all required documents can be submitted online, there is no need to send any materials by post. 8 Important Notes for Applicants Who Intend to Reapply to Sophia University Applicants who were not accepted in a previous application may reapply in subsequent application periods, either for the same program or for a different program. Applicants who intend to reuse previously submitted documents may reuse ITEM C, D, F, G, and H. When reusing these documents, applicants must clearly specify the following information in the memo section of the Application Documents Checklist: -The name of the program previously applied to -The application period (year and intake) -The relevant receipt number(s) -The document(s) they wish to reuse Please note that ITEM A, B, E, I, and K cannot be reused and must be submitted again as part of the new application. Important Notes for Applicants who Are Also Applying to SPSF and FST - If you are applying to multiple programs, a separate Receipt Number will be issued for each application on MyPage. Please ensure that you upload a complete and separate set of application documents to the Upload Website for each Receipt Number. -In detail, please make sure to upload the appropriate application forms and essays to the correct program. Official transcripts and certificates of graduation (or expected graduation) must be uploaded separately for each application by the issuing school in case of submission via Upload Website. Letters of recommendation must also be uploaded separately by each recommender for each application, using the correct format and addressed to the appropriate department or program. Applicants are required to request the submission of standardized test scores and proof of English proficiency to Sophia University only once. -Any failure to follow the instructions provided, including not reviewing this guidance or uploading incorrect documents, may impact on your application. Please note that the applicant bears full responsibility for such issues. Make sure to carefully review all the information you have entered before submitting. Once submitted, the information cannot be edited, and the university will not make any corrections on your behalf. ITEM A. Application Forms (3 pages) Application forms should be filled out through the on-line application website: https://www.guide.52school.com/guidance/net-sophia/eng After paying the application fee, the forms must be downloaded (from STEP 4 of your MyPage) and submitted by the applicant via the application documents upload website. Notes - Application information entered on-line cannot be edited after application fee payment is complete. To change the information provided, modify it directly on the downloaded forms in red before submission. ITEM B. Essays (use the form provided on the admissions page) The applicant must submit two essays: a Personal Statement and a Self-Reflective Essay. Please see the instructions below for details about length and topic. Both essays should be typed in English on the form provided in the link below. The documents must be submitted by the applicant via the application documents upload website. Admissions page: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/eng/admissions/ug_p/en_ug/fla/w_h/ 1) Personal Statement Write a personal statement of no more than 300 words that tells us about your motivation for joining the Faculty of Liberal A rts at Sophia University. Include details about the experiences and achievements that define you as an individual and how they connect with your educational and career goals. [Your personal statement is an opportunity for you to tell us about yourself and your life story: What you have done in the past, where you would like to be in the future, and how the Faculty of Liberal Arts would be a steppingstone to help you reach your goals. Do not use your 300 words to tell us information that is easily available on our website, such as the characteristics of our curricu lum, the 9 names of professors, or the courses they teach. We already know about us; instead, we want to learn more about you.] 2) Self-Reflective Essay Choose ONE of the following three topics and write an essay of no more than 400 words. [We invite you to think about this essay less as a vehicle for self -promotion and more as an opportunity for introspection. Each of the topics below requires you to reflect deeply upon yourself, your community, or your culture. Although we are also excited to hear about some of your achievements, those are best suited for inclusion in your Personal Statement. In this essay we want to learn something about your thinking process and the way you understand your place in the world.] Topic 1: One of the challenges of living and working in today's world stems from the difficulty of grappling with the following questions: What makes a good leader? And how can we distinguish good leadership from bad leadership? According to psychologist Daniel Kahneman, this difficulty arises in part from hindsight bias, which can be described as the tendency to "assess the quality of decisions not by whether the process was sound but by whether its outcome was good or bad." In other words, it is easy for us to fall into the cognitive trap of assuming that a bad outcome must necessarily result from bad leadership, and a good outcome from good leadership, regardless of the process that led to that outcome. Write an essay in which you reflect upon one of the following two experiences in your life: A time when you made a good decision that resulted in a negative outcome, or a time when you made a poor decision that resulted in a positive outcome. What did you learn from this experience and how did it go on to influence the way you approach leadership and/or decision-making? (Source: Daniel Kahneman. Thinking Fast and Slow. Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2011) Topic 2: According to Indologist Wendy Doniger, "a myth is not a lie or a false statement to be contrasted with truth or reality or fact." Instead, "a myth is above all a story that is believed, believed to be true, and that people continue to believe despite somet imes massive evidence that it is, in fact, a lie." Myths are, in other words, stories about us and our world that are important or sacred in some way. They are stories that communicate the shared values that bind communities together. The truth or falsity we attribute to a myth is not based on its objectivity or historical accuracy, but on what it expresses about human nature and the beliefs that we hold dear. Write an essay in which you introduce a myth that has played an important role in your life and analyze how that myth has influenced you in both positive and negative ways. (Source: Wendy Doniger. The Implied Spider: Politics and Theology in Myth. New York: Columbia UP, 2011) Topic 3: Aside from its beauty and aesthetic appeal, one important role that art plays in our society is to serve as a means of critiquing our own way of life. On this topic, Peruvian novelist and politician Mario Vargas Llosa writes that "the greatest contribution of literature to human progress is perhaps to remind us… that the world is badly made… and can be improved," and that "good literature, genuine literature, is always subversive, unsubmissive, rebellious: a challenge to what exists." Although Llosa here is concerned solely with literature, the idea is just as applicable to numerous other forms of art. Write an essay in which you discuss the "rebellious" nature of a work of art (a novel, a poem, a film, a painting, a song, a performance, etc.) that you have encountered in the last two years and how it challenged your understanding of yourself and/or the world around you. (Source: Mario Vargas Llosa. "Why Literature?" The New Republic. May 14, 2001) 10 ITEM C. Official Academic Transcript/Grade Report(s) ■ First-year entry: An official transcript showing all courses taken and grades received that is available at the time of application in high school(s) including the date of graduation (or expected graduation) must be submitted. If an applicant has studied abroad during high school years, submission of the official transcript from the institution is also required. Applicants who have graduated (are expected to graduate) from Japanese high schools are required to submit official transcripts "調 査書". The documents must be submitted by the university via the application documents upload website. If submission via the website is not possible, submission from the school directly to the Admissions Office by email or through an official school system is exceptionally accepted. If the school is unable to use the website, email, or an official school system, the documents may be sent directly from the school by post. Electronic transcripts should be issued directly from the school to Sophia. Digital transcripts sent from applicants are not accepted. If submission from the school is not possible, the applicant can submit the documents via post. In this case, the documents must be certified by a school official and officially sealed in a school envelope. Photocopies of the official documents are not accepted. Note If an applicant has attended university, submission of the official university transcript(s) is recommended. ■ Third-Year Transfer Entry: Official transcripts showing all courses taken and grades received from all academic institutions attended (universities/colleges) must be submitted. High school transcripts are not required. The university/college transcript should clearly indicate that an applicant has completed/will complete two full academic years as a Bachelor's degree seeking student or has completed/will complete an associate degree at an institution before the date of entering Sophia University. If your transcript/grade reports includes courses transferred from study abroad or another institution (e.g., through exchange programs or transfer), and the grades are shown only as Pass/Fail, you are required to submit the original transcript showing the detailed grades (e.g., A, B, C, F, etc.) from the institution where the courses were originally taken. The documents must be submitted by the university via the application documents upload website. If submission via the website is not possible, submission from the university/college directly to the Admissions Office by email or through an official university/college system is accepted. If the university/college is unable to use the website, email, or an official system, the documents may be sent directly from the university/college by post. Electronic transcripts should be issued directly from the university/college to Sophia. Digital transcripts sent from applicants are not accepted. If submission from the school is not possible, the applicant can submit the documents via post. In this case, the documents must be certified by a school official and officially sealed in a school envelope. Photocopies of the official documents are not accepted. ITEM D. Certificate of Graduation (or expected graduation/early graduation) ■ First-year entry: Applicants whose transcripts do not show the dates of graduation (or expected graduation) are required to submit an official Certificate of Graduation (or expected graduation). Those who have graduated early, or have skipped a grade, should submit an official document issued by the school indicating this fact. Note Your school may also submit a photocopy of the high school diploma certified by a school official for this item. Please note that application documents will not be returned under any circumstances. Do not submit the original diploma. The documents must be submitted by the university via the application documents upload website. If submission via the website is not possible, submission from the school directly to the Admissions Office by email or through an official school system is exceptionally accepted. If the school is unable to use the website, email, or an official school system, the documents may be sent directly from the school by post. Electronic transcripts should be issued directly from the school to Sophia. Digital certificates sent from applicants are not accepted. If submission from the school is not possible, the applicant can submit the documents via post. In this case, the documents must be certified by a school official and officially sealed in a school envelope. Photocopies of the official documents are not accepted. 11 Notes - If a transcript, or "調査書" has a (expected) graduation date, a certificate of (expected) graduation is not required. - Your school may use "Certificate of Graduation (or Expected Graduation) " form provided on the admissions page. Admissions page: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/eng/admissions/ug_p/en_ug/fla/w_h/ - Applicants who submit Certificate of Expected Graduation should then submit either an official Certificate of Graduation or photocopy of High School Diploma certified by a school official to the Sophia Admissions Office by March 31 for spring intake or September 20 for autumn intake. An applicant who does not submit this document in time could be denied enrollment. ■ Third-Year Transfer Entry: Transfer applicants who have completed or are expected to complete an associate degree in Arts/Science must submit a certificate of (expected) associate degree. The documents must be submitted by the university via the application documents upload website. If submission via the website is not possible, submission from the university/college directly to the Admissions Office by email or through an official university/college system is accepted. If the university/college is unable to use the website, email, or an official system, the documents may be sent directly from the university/college by post. Electronic certificates should be issued directly from the university/college to Sophia. Electronic transcripts should be issued directly from the university/college to Sophia. Digital certificates sent from applicants are not accepted. If submission from the school is not possible, the applicant can submit the documents via post. In this case, the documents must be certified by a school official and officially sealed in a school envelope. Photocopies of the official documents are not accepted. Note - For third-year transfer applicants who have completed, or are expected to complete, two full academic years at a bachelor's degree conferring institution as a degree seeking student , submission of a certificate of (expected) graduation is not required. ITEM E. Two Letters of Recommendation (use the form provided on the admissions page) Letters of recommendation in English or in Japanese from two teachers and/or officials of the school(s) attended by the applicant must be submitted. The recommender may also use their own format instead of the provided form. The documents must be submitted by the recommender via the application documents upload website. If there are any questions regarding the submission of the recommendation letters, please contact the Admissions Office. Admissions page: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/eng/admissions/ug_p/en_ug/fla/w_h/ ITEM F. Standardized Test Scores All first-year and third-year transfer applicants are required to submit one or more of the following. Please make sure to carefully review the instructions for each standardized test score before submitting your application. 1) SAT (Reading & Writing, Math) scores 2) ACT (English, Mathematics, Reading, Science and WRITING) scores 3) IB (International Baccalaureate) Diploma 4) GCE Advanced Level (Three subjects) *SAT/ACT Superscores are NOT accepted. In case applicants submit multiple test results, the highest scores obtained in a single test date will be used for the application. For third-year transfer and first-year applicants who have been pursuing a career for at least two years - Third-year Transfer applicants who are currently enrolled in a degree program (Bachelor/Associate) must submit at least one set of SAT/ACT scores or IB/GCE A-levels grades. However, these need not necessarily have been obtained within the past two years . - The following applicants are exempt from the requirement to submit SAT/ACT scores or IB/GCE A -levels grades. However, in lieu of SAT/ACT scores or IB/GCE A -levels grades, these applicants must submit an additional essay (500 words) that describes any career/life experiences relevant to their admission : 1) First-year applicants who have been pursuing a career for at least two years after graduation from high school. 2) Transfer applicants who have not been enrolled in a degree program in the last two years. 1) SAT (Reading & Writing, Math) Scores SAT (Reading & Writing, Math) scores must be taken not more than two years before the time of application and delivered directly to Sophia University from the College Board by the application material submission deadline. If the official scores are not input in the online application and submitted to the Admissions Office by the last day of the Application Period indicated in 5. APPLICATI ON SCHEDULE, the application will be considered incomplete. 12 SAT Superscores are NOT accepted. In case applicants submit multiple test results, the highest scores obtained in a single test date will be used for the application. Be sure to indicate our institution code number, 0819, when registering for the test, to ensure that your official score is sent to Sophia University. The scores can be sent to Sophia prior to the application period. For information about SAT and test registration, please refer to the College Board official website: www.collegeboard.org/ Note Transfer a pplicants who have completed, or are expected to complete, two full academic years as degree seeking students at a bachelor's degree/ associate degree-conferring institution may submit scores which were taken more than two years before. 2) ACT (English, Mathematics, Reading, Science and WRITING) Scores ACT scores (including Science and WRITING scores) must be taken not more than two years before the time of application and delivered directly to Sophia University from the ACT by the application material submission deadline. If the official scores are not input in the online application and submitted to the Admissions Office by the last day of the Application Period indicated in 5. APPLICATION SCHEDULE, the application will be considered incomplete. ACT Superscores are NOT accepted. In case applicants submit multiple test results, the highest scores obtained in a single test date will be used for the application. Be sure to indicate our institution code number, 5575, when registering for the test, to ensure that your official score is sent to Sophia University. The scores can be sent to Sophia prior to the application period. For Information about ACT and test registration, please refer to the ACT website: www.actstudent.org/ Note Transfer a pplicants who have completed, or are expected to complete, two full academic years at a bachelor's degree/associate degree-conferring institutions as degree seeking students may submit scores which were taken more than two years before. 3) International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Sophia University requires a FULL IB Diploma (six subjects). An IB Certificate is not acceptable. ■ IB Diploma Holders: An electronic "Transcript of Results" must be sent directly to Sophia University from the International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO) by the application materials submission deadline. For further information on how to request IBO to send a transcript to Sophia University, please refer to the IBO website. ■ IB Diploma Candidates: Applicants whose IB Diploma has not been issued by the application deadline are required to submit predicted grades. Request your IB Diploma programme c oordinator to issue IB predicted grades by using the designated form provided on the admissions page (International Baccalaureate Predicted Grades Report Form). The school may also use their own format instead of the provided form. Admissions page: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/eng/admissions/ug_p/en_ug/fla/w_h/ The documents must be submitted by the school via the application documents upload website. If this is not possible, submission by the school directly to Sophia University via post/email is exceptionally accepted. IB Diploma candidates must also make prior arrangements through their IB Diploma programme coordinator for a n electronic "Transcript of Results" to be sent to Sophia University from IBO. For further information on how to request IBO to send a transcript to Sophia University, please refer to the IBO website. Note Applicants admitted on the basis of predicted IB grades will receive a conditional offer. Admission will be confirmed only up on submission of the final IB Diploma results by the designated deadline. If the applicant fails to obtain the full IB Diploma or does not meet the minimum total score set individually at the time of the offer, the admission will be revoked. Applicants for Spring Intake Second Application Period and Autumn Intake First Application Period - Applicants who apply with IB 2026 November Exam Sessions should request the "Transcript of Results" to be sent to Sophia University from the IBO by Friday, December 18, 2026.The applicants will be screened with their final results and the acceptance will not be conditional. - In case applicants request for the Remark (EUR), make sure to inform the Admissions Office immediately. 13 4) GCE Advanced Level Sophia University requires GCE A-levels in three subjects. Applicants using Singapore GCE A Level results must submit at least three H2 subjects. ■ GCE A-level Holders An official results certificate must be sent directly to Sophia University from the exam board by the application material submission deadline (electronic certificates are accepted). For further information on how to request the testing institution to send a certificate to Sophia University, please refer to the website of each institution. Alternatively, the applicant's high school may submit an official results certificate via the application documents upload website. ■ GCE A-level Candidates Applicants whose final results have not been issued by the application deadline are required to submit predicted grades. Request the school to issue GCE A-level predicted grades by using the designated form provided on the admissions page (GCE A-level Predicted Grades Report Form). The school may also use their own format instead of the provided form. Admissions page: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/eng/admissions/ug_p/en_ug/fla/w_h/ The documents must be submitted by the school via the application documents upload website. If this is not possible, submission by the school directly to Sophia University via post/email is exceptionally accepted. Note Students who have not received their final A -Level results at the time of application will be granted a conditional acceptance from Sophia University. The conditional offer will be based on students' predicted grades and, if available, their AS -Level grades. Students will only be admitted to Sophia University if they achieve the grades outlined in the conditional offer at the A-Levels. Students will be advised of the grades they must achieve to be admitted to Sophia at the time of receiving a conditional ac ceptance, e.g. two A-Levels at grade B or above. The applicant must submit the official results certificate by the designated deadline, or the applicant 's acceptance will be cancelled. ITEM G. Proof of English Proficiency (TOEFL® Test Date Score or IELTS Score) Applicants must prove their English proficiency by taking the TOEFL® iBT or the IELTS (Academic). The examination must have been taken within two years prior to the first day of the Application Period and the official score must be available by the last day of the Application Period indicated in 5. APPLICATION SCHEDULE. Scores must be submitted following the instructions below. ■ TOEFL: . - Applicants should request the official test score to be delivered directly to Sophia from the testing institution. When registering for the tests, be sure to indicate Sophia University and ensure that your official score is sent to Sophia University (Institution Code: 0819). For information about the TOEFL® and test registration, please refer to the following website. www.ets.org/toefl - TOEFL®, please enter the Test Date Score during the online application. MyBest™ scores are not acceptable. - TOEFL® Home Edition, TOEFL ITP® and TOEFL® Essentials™ are NOT accepted. - In addition to the direct submission of the test scores by the test institution, the applicant must also submit a PDF file or screenshot of their result certificate such as Test Taker Score Report via the application documents upload website. ■ IELTS: - Applicants should request the official test score to be delivered directly to Sophia from the testing institution. When registering for the tests, be sure to indicate Sophia University and ensure that your official score is sent to Sophia University. We only accept IELTS score sent by e-delivery. For information about the IELTS and test registration, please refer to the following website. www.ielts.org - IELTS One Skill Retake is accepted. - IELTS Online and IELTS Indicator are NOT accepted. - In addition to the direct submission of the test scores by the test institution, the applicant must also submit a PDF file or screenshot of their result certificate such as Test Report Form with Test Report Form Number via the application documents upload website. 14 Note - TOEFL® or IELTS can be waived if a student has studied at least five years out of the last six years in an institution where English is the primary medium of instruction. The Admissions Office will confirm the fulfillment of this condition by checking the submitted transcripts and the applicant's educational background. - Additionally, TOEFL® or IELTS can also be waived if a student holds a C2 proficiency on Cambridge English Qualification (official test result submission is required). Only test center -based examinations (both paper -based and computer -based formats) are accepted. There is no restriction on the test date; however, the official score must be available by the last day of the Application Period indicated in 5. APPLICATION SCHEDULE. Applicants must arrange for the testing institution to send the official score report directly to Sophia University. In the memo section of the ITEM I. Application Materials Checklist, applicants must indicate either their Reference Number (8 or 12 digits) or their Verification Number (8 digits). In addition to the direct submission of the test scores by t he testing institution, applicants must also upload a PDF file or a screenshot of their official result certificate via the online application documents upload website. For information about the Cambridge English Qualification and test registration, please refer to the following website. https://www.cambridgeenglish.org/exams -and-tests/qualifications/ ITEM H. Photocopy of Passport (for those who hold nationality other than Japanese) This document is required to check your full name. The document must be submitted by the applicant via the application documents upload website. Notes -Those who have dual nationalities, please submit a photocopy of passport for the nationality other than Japan. -If you do not have a passport, please submit a photocopy of your ID. ITEM I. Application Materials Checklist (use the form provided on the admissions page) Check the items submitted as the application documents. The document must be submitted by the applicant via the application documents upload website. Admissions page: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/eng/admissions/graduate_p/english_g2/gs/ Notes Medical attention: While medical certification is not required at this time, any applicant with physical conditions that might require special attention when undertaking university work should notify the Sophia Admissions Office in writing before the application period. 8. SCREENING Decision on acceptance or rejection will be made based on screening of documents submitted by the applicant. 9. NOTICE OF RESULTS Applicants can confirm their acceptance/rejection from "Admissions Decision" on "MyPage" from 10:00 a.m. (JST) on the results announcement date (see APPLICATION SCHEDULE). URL: https://www.guide.52school.com/guidance/net-sophia/eng Notes -The server may experience delays if many users access the results simultaneously. -The registered email address and password will be required to log into the "MyPage." -No physical materials will be sent to applicants from the Sophia Admissions Office. A letter of acceptance can be printed out from "MyPage." -Sophia University will not disclose the results of an application by telephone, fax or e -mail. -Acceptance is valid only for the semester specified in the letter of acceptance. 10. ENTRANCE PROCEDURES FOR SUCCESSFUL APPLICANTS For details, please refer to the booklet of "Entrance Procedures" available on "My Page". URL: https://www.guide.52school.com/guidance/net-sophia/eng To secure admission, a newly admitted student must pay the fees prior to University entrance and submit the necessary documents to the Sophia Admissions Office by the matriculation deadline (see APPLICATION SCHEDULE). 15 1. Click the "Entrance Procedures" link on "MyPage" to download the "Entrance Procedures" booklet. Please read through all the information and follow the instructions in this booklet to ensure admission. 2. Choose the program to start entering the required information and upload a face photo online. 3. Print out the designated document (Student Record/Written Pledge). 4. Complete the payment of the fees and post mail the required documents by the matriculation deadline. The fees due prior to university entrance include some items paid only once at the time of matriculation, and other items which are the first installment of fees due each semester. The exact amount of the fees will be decided in September 2026 and notified to accepted students. For your reference, the fees due prior to University entrance in the academic year 2026 are as follows: Fees due prior to university entrance 2026 Entrance Fee Semester Enrollment Fee Tuition Fee Education Enhancement Fee Premium for Personal Accident Insurance for Students Pursuing Education and Research 200,000 yen (once at matriculation) 30,000 yen (Per semester) 586,000 yen (Per semester) 129,000 yen (Per semester) 2,650 yen (Once at matriculation, for first-year students: 4-year period) 1,400 yen (Once at matriculation, for transfer students: 2 -year period) Total fees for first-year students 947,650 yen Total fees for transfer students 946,400 yen Notes - Students are kindly requested to pay the alumni association fee (40,000 yen) in the final year. - The fees due prior to university entrance are not refundable. However, if a student notifies Sophia University of his/her intention not to attend by the appointed deadline, these fees, except for the Entrance Fee and a handling charge, may be refunded. Details will be announced on Entrance Procedures Booklet. - The fee for Orientation Day (24,000 yen) is included in the "Education Enhancement Fee". Notes for each item Items Notes Entrance Fee ・Entrance Fee is the price to guarantee a place in admission. Semester Enrollment Fee ・Semester Enrollment Fee is the basic cost of enrollment (enrollment guarantee fee and enrollment management fee). ・In the case of authorized interruption of study, only the enrollment fee needs to be paid. ・The following services are available while you are on an authorized absence of study. - University services (medical checkup, Health and Wellbeing Center , Counseling Services, certificate issuance, etc.) - ICT services (email, portal sites for students, etc.) - Facilities (library, PC rooms, etc.) Tuition Fee ・Tuition Fee is the price paid for the educational services required to obtain a degree. ・Tuition Fee is revised annually based on the rate of inflation. Education Enhancement Fee ・Education Enhancement Fee is expenses for the maintenance and management of the education and research environment, as well as for maintenance enhancement for the future. Premium for Personal Accident Insurance for Students Pursuing Education and Research ・ "Premium for Personal Accident Insurance for Students Pursuing Education and Research" is a measure of compensation and relief for bodily injury caused by a sudden and unexpected external accident that may occur during educational and research activities in Japan or abroad. All Sophia students are required to join the insurance upon enrollment. Accidents during education and research activities are those that occur during regular classes (physical education, etc.), University events (Orientation Day, etc.), extracurricular activities (of which the university should be notified in advance), while commuting to and from university , or while in university facilities. ・The insurance period is four years for first year students, and two years for transfer students. ・If a student is enrolled beyond the standard insurance period, additional fee of ¥800/year will be charged. 16 11. INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS COMING TO JAPAN Students coming from abroad to study at Sophia University must have a college student status of residence or any other appropriate status of residence such as a diplomatic, official, or dependent status. A temporary visitor status is not acceptable. To qualify for a college student status of residence, a student is required to register for at least 10 hours of class time (equal to 6 classes) per week. Additional information concerning college student status of residence will be sent to each student after acceptance. II. ACADEMIC INFORMATION 1. TRANSFER OF CREDITS AND RESIDENCY TIME Students who have studied at other universities before entering Sophia University may be eligible to transfer credits after consultation with the Chair or the student's Area Coordinator. Application for transfer of credits should be made within three month s of entering Sophia University. The syllabus of each subject must be attached with the application. There are two categories for transferring credits and residency. A. Transfer of Credits and Residency Time for Students Admitted as Transfer Students: As a general rule, a transfer student must have completed at least two years of university/college work as a regular student at another institution before entering Sophia. Transfer students may transfer up to 62 credits from their previous institution, and up to 30 credits from exchange/non-degree study at Sophia before entering as transfer students. If transfer students wish to transfer additional credits earned through study abroad after they have entered the FLA, up to 40 credits may be transferred. However, the total number of credits transferred to the FLA may not exceed 74 credits. For example, a student who transferred 62 credits from their previous institution may tra nsfer no more than 12 credits from Sophia's study abroad program (62+12=74 credits). Transfer students may transfer a two-year period of time in residence at their previous university/college. Acceptance as a third-year student does not necessarily mean that the student will automatically graduate in two years. B. Transfer of Credits Earned before Entering as First-year students: Students who have earned credits at another university, or from exchange/non-degree study at Sophia before entering as first-year students may transfer up to 30 credits for each case. If students wish to transfer additional credits earned through study abroad after they have entered the FLA, up to 40 credits may be transferred. However, the total number of credits transferred to the FLA may not exceed 74 credits. Students using this system may transfer credits, but not residency time. 2. EARLY GRADUATION (not applicable for transfer students) To qualify for early graduation, a student must complete at least three years (six semesters) of study, fulfill all credit requirements for graduation, and have a cumulative GPA of 3.50 or above. The application will be reviewed by the FLA faculty, and the final approval for early graduation will be granted by the president. III. SCHOLARSHIPS Various types of scholarships and financial aid are available. There are some scholarships that the applicants can apply for at the time of admission application. Other scholarship applications must be submitted after entrance to Sophia University. For more information and the application forms, please refer to the following website. https://piloti.sophia.ac.jp/eng/scholarships1/ IV. HOUSING Sophia University has several off-campus dormitories and offers affiliated housing options. For more information, please refer to the following website. https://piloti.sophia.ac.jp/eng/housing/ V. OTHER INFORMATION 1. NATIONAL HEALTH INSURANCE 17 International students who will stay in Japan for more than three months are required to join this insurance system. The procedures are carried out at the local ward/city office. The premium must be paid, but by declaring you have no income, it will be reduced. Please ask directly about the details at the local ward/city office. Subscribers to the National Health Insurance system have only to bear 30% of medical expenses for any treatment covered by the insurance at clinics or hospitals (expenses for medical treatment not covered by the insurance must be paid in full). 2. PERSONAL ACCIDENT INSURANCE FOR STUDENTS PURSUING EDUCATION AND RESEARCH All degree students must be affiliated with this insurance plan. This will cover physical injuries a student suffers during educational and research activities at the university (during the regular curriculum, school events, extracurricular activities reported to the university, and while the insured is within the school facilities for reasons other than the above-mentioned) and during commuting to school. 3. REFUND OF THE APPLICATION FEE If you meet any of the conditions listed below "1. Reasons for Refund of Application Fee" and submit the request for r efund of application fee within the specified period, the application fee will be refunded to your designated account (the online payment handling fee of 1,100 yen is not refundable). Refund requests made after the request for refund of application fee submission deadline will NOT be accepted. Please note that it may take about 2 months for the refund to be processed after the request is received. 1. Reasons for Refund of Application Fee (1) The application fee was paid, but the application documents were not submitted to the Admissions Office. (2) The application fee was paid, and the application documents were submitted, but the application was not accepted due to lack of eligibility to apply. (In this case, the Admissions Office will notify applicants via email.) ※Cancellation of the application due to personal reasons after submitting the application documents is not allowed. 2. Required Documents for Refund Request of Application Fee (1) Refund of Application Fee (Word file) (2) Notification Sheet for Remittance (overseas account) (PDF file) (Only required if you wish to receive the refund using an overseas account) - The format of above 2 documents can be found at the bottom of this page: https://adm.sophia.ac.jp/jpn/private/refund/ - You can fill out the "Refund of Application Fee (Word file)" digitally or print the document, fill in the required information. - Please fill out the "Notification Sheet for Remittance (overseas account) (PDF file)" digitally, in PDF format only. Do not convert it to other formats. 3. Request for Refund of Application Fee Submission Deadline Application Period Request Deadline April Entry December 23, 2026 September Entry April 28, 2027 Note: Please refer to the bottom of this page for the formats of the above two documents. 4. How to Submit the Request for Refund of Application Fee Enter all required information in the "Refund of Application Fee" (and in the "Notification Sheet for Remittance (overseas account)" file, if necessary) and send it as an attachment to the following email address. Only submissions via email are accepted. Email Address: admission-u-co@sophia.ac.jp Subject: Request for Refund of Application Fee Message: -Applicant's Name -Program and Application Period -Receipt Number(s)