Skip to main content Main Admissions & Aid Academics Research Student Experience After Bryn Mawr About the College Full Menu Grad Programs and More Grad Programs and More Bryn Mawr Home Graduate & Postbac Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Graduate School of Social Work and Social Research Postbaccalaureate Premedical Program Inside Bryn Mawr Ancillary News Events Maps and Directions Give to Bryn Mawr Friends of Bryn Mawr Newsletter Resources for Resources for Prospective Undergraduates Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families Alumnae/i Search Search Section Breadcrumb Home Admissions & Aid Apply International Students Bryn Mawr is a global community where 13% of undergraduates are non-U.S. citizens or permanent residents. Application Deadlines We offer three first-year application rounds-Early Decision I, Early Decision II, and Regular Decision. Admissions and Financial Aid applications are due at the same time. Early Decision: November 15 or January 1 Applying Early Decision is a binding agreement meant for students with a clear first-choice college. Regular Decision: January 15 Regular Decision is a great option for students who don't have a clear first-choice college or who may need to compare different financial aid packages. International Admissions Application Requirements We know that you are more than just what you do in the classroom, so we use a holistic review process to get to know the whole you when reading your application. Expand All Collapse All Common Application Complete your Common Application and be sure to add Bryn Mawr to your "My Colleges" list. It's okay to submit this before you've submitted the rest of your materials! But please be sure to submit all materials by the application deadline. Early Decision Agreement (if applicable) If you are applying to Bryn Mawr Early Decision, you are required to submit the Early Decision Agreement. Your Early Decision Agreement must be signed by you, your school counselor, and a parent/guardian. We won't be able to accept the agreement without all three signatures. You will indicate your intention to apply Early Decision in the Bryn Mawr portion of your Common App . Once you have submitted your application, the Early Decision agreement will be made available to you via Common App. Bryn Mawr Writing Supplement 2025-2026 Application Cycle Prompt : Bryn Mawr students bring their authentic selves to campus. What do you know about yourself to be true-and what in your background or experience led you to that truth? Please submit through the Common Application, you can find our prompt in the "My Colleges" tab of your Common App. 250-500 words, single-spaced Official transcripts We require transcripts for each year of secondary school . A transcript is a summary of your grades or internal marks given by your school for each subject in each academic year. All transcripts must be submitted by a counselor or another school official in English, students cannot send these documents to Bryn Mawr directly. School Leaving or National Exams (e.g. IB, A-Level, etc.) We require copies of all external exam results if it is part of your school or national curriculum. If you sat for IGSCE exams, we require official copies of these results. We also require official copies of school leaving exam results and certificates if a student has completed an international program such as the IB, A-Level, or another national curriculum. If you've already graduated, please submit your official exam results with your application. If you have not yet graduated, please indicate your intended exam date on your application. School counselor recommendation Your school/college counselor should submit their recommendation through Common App . If you do not have a school/college counselor, please ask a head teacher or other school administrator who knows you well. Two teacher recommendations We require two recommendations-these are typically written by teachers of core academic subjects (e.g. English, Math, Science, Social Studies, Language). Your teachers can submit their recommendations through Common App . Evidence of English proficiency Bryn Mawr's curriculum is speaking- and writing-intensive and we strongly recommend that all international applicants submit a demonstration of their English proficiency regardless of their eligibility for a waiver. See our English Language Proficiency Policy for full details and exceptions. You may request an English Language Proficiency waiver in your applicant status portal after you have submitted your Common App . Mid-year grade report If you are currently in your final year of secondary school, we require a mid-year grade report. For some schools or curricula, this may be predicted grades. If you have already completed secondary school, you do not need to submit a mid-year grade report. No mid-year report before January 15? No problem. We will still accept your application as long as the rest of your file is complete; however, we will need your mid-year report by February 15 to make a final decision on your application. Declaration of Finances Form Bryn Mawr is a need-sensitive institution, meaning that while we meet the full calculated need of all admitted students, we have a limited amount of funds available to provide that support. This form is required for all non-US citizens/permanent residents who are applying to Bryn Mawr as a declaration of the financial support available for educational costs each year they attend the College. You'll be able to complete the form in your applicant status portal once you've submitted your application. Optional Application Materials Standardized test results (SAT/ACT) Interview Interviews can be scheduled between June and December of your senior year. We have a limited number of interview slots so we strongly recommend you interview well ahead of the application deadline. Schedule your interview here . You may also submit InitialView for your admissions interview. Arts supplement Arts supplements in music, theater, dance, and creative writing can be submitted through the Common Application Art Supplement (SlideRoom). Homeschool and Alternative Education Applicants Homeschool and Alternative Education applicants must submit these additional items with their application. We reserve the right to require an interview for students who are homeschooled, attending online school, or graduating early. Transcript or evaluation of coursework including all courses taken. Curriculum description including syllabi for any self-designed courses. Homeschool essay: An explanation of the decision to homeschool from either the student or the parent/guardian. Graded research paper with evaluator's comments. Financial Aid Application Requirements Interested in institutional, need-based financial aid? You are required to submit the following documents at the same time as your admissions application. Note: If you do not apply for financial aid at that time, you cannot apply in subsequent years. International students are not eligible for merit aid. Expand All Collapse All CSS Profile To be considered for need-based financial aid, you must submit a CSS Profile by the application deadline. If you do not complete your CSS Profile, we cannot guarantee we will be able to consider you for admission to the College. Looking to request a CSS Profile fee waiver? Indicate your interest on your Declaration of Finances form in your applicant status portal (see checklist item above) and the Financial Aid Office will determine your eligibility for a waiver once you've submitted all your application materials. Additional Verification Documents Monitor your applicant status portal closely for any additional required documents. International Student Perspectives More on the Bryn Mawr experience. Stories Home Admissions "From Paraguay to Bryn Mawr" With Sofía Díaz '26 "While 'community' might seem like a buzzword during the college search process, BMC students seemed to truly live by this idea." Read More Admissions "From Bangladesh to Bryn Mawr" With Tabia Tahsin '27 "When I look back at the person I was before coming here and compare her to who I am now, I see a woman who has learned to face different circumstances, cultures, environments, and people." Read More Admissions Rana Rastegari '26 Hometowns: London, UK and Shiraz, Iran "Bryn Mawr has taught me so much, from organic chemistry mechanisms to the intricacies of Kafka's writing, but most importantly it has taught me the importance of community." Read More Resources for International Students Learn more about support and resources available to international students at Bryn Mawr. Global Bryn Mawr Impact Center International Advising Policies, Practices, and Other Requirements International Student Advising and Services Standardized Testing Policy English Language Proficiency Policy Transgender Applicants Homeschooling and Alternative Education Students Deferred Enrollment Policy Artificial Intelligence (AI) Use and Your Application Questions? Office of Undergraduate Admissions 610-526-5152 admissions@brynmawr.edu Find Your Admissions Counselor Chat With a Student Take the Next Step How to Apply Request Information Schedule a Tour Ways to Give Back to top 101 North Merion Ave. Bryn Mawr, PA 19010-2899 (610) 526-5000 Contact Us Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Offices & Services Faculty & Staff Directory Libraries & Special Collections Bookshop Athletics Events Calendar Newsroom Plan a Visit Campus Map Make a Gift Careers at Bryn Mawr © 2026 Bryn Mawr College. All rights reserved. Footer Protest and Demonstration Resources Non-Discrimination Statement Consumer Information Report a Website Issue Title IX Web Accessibility Land Acknowledgement