В старых версиях браузеров сайт может отображаться некорректно. Для оптимальной работы с сайтом рекомендуем воспользоваться современным браузером. We use cookies in order to improve the quality and usability of the HSE website. More information about the use of cookies is available here , and the regulations on processing personal data can be found here . By continuing to use the site, you hereby confirm that you have been informed of the use of cookies by the HSE website and agree with our rules for processing personal data. You may disable cookies in your browser settings. ✖ A A A ABC ABC ABC А А А А А Regular version of the site HSE University EN РУС Search Advanced search Apply for Undergraduate Programmes at HSE Home Bachelor's degree ❗ Contract Signing Process Education tracks How to apply Programmes Admission steps Qualifying events Olympiads FAQ For recommended for admission Offer of admission Required documents and recognition procedure Visa and preparation for arrival Accommodation Master's degree Education tracks How to apply Programmes and portfolio criteria Admission steps FAQ For recommended for admission Offer of admission Required documents and recognition procedure Visa and prerapration to arrival Accommodation For students International student support Voluntary medical insurance Visa support centre Student Service Centre Student life Library Career Webinars 2026 Contacts EN РУС For visually-impaired Search Advanced search Menu HSE University International Admissions International Admissions Bachelor's Degree My Application Prepare for your arrival in Russia Admissions 2026 Preliminary Ranking Lists of International Applicants Admissions Campaign 2026: Bachelor's/Specialist Programs Bachelor's Admissions 2026 Bachelor's admissions for fee-paying programmes has closed from June 20 till August 3 Bachelor's Admissions 2026 Recognition section is open From April 1 to August 13, document upload for the recognition procedure is available in your personal account Prev Next / Important announcements ❗Bachelor's Degree: Contract Signing Trajectory for Undergraduate Programs About participation in the competition for fee-paying places for foreign applicants holding Russian citizenship Bachelor's at HSE University-Moscow admissions closed Full scholarships 3 tracks available for admission: HSE International Olympiad: based on the results of the INTO HSE Olympiad based on the results of HSE University entrance exams Rossotrudnichestvo quota Open Doors Olympiad enrolment until August 3 Paid tuition Tuition from 200,000 RUB per year 55+ programmes available in Russian or English Support with finding housing in Moscow HSE Visa Support Centre Admission 2026 details Programme catalogue and minimum scores Admission calendar 2026/2027 Full scholarship admissions start November 1, 2025 Full scholarship admissions close March 13, 2026 Paid tuition admissions start June 20, 2026 Paid tuition admissions close 3 August, 2026 Webinar on arrival preparation end of August 2026 Start of studies September 1, 2026 ℹ To apply for fee-paying programmes, please review the information at https://admissions.hse.ru/en/feepaid2026_ba How to Apply Step 1. Get your login and password via the registration form . Step 2. Check your email-the login and password will arrive within 10 minutes. Step 3. Log in to the My Application section and complete your application. Important: Registration consists of 2 stages: getting your login+password and selecting programmes. You submit your application only once. After completing registration, you will receive a registration number. You can select no more than two programmes. You can change your programme once. Admission Steps A step-by-step guide for international applicants: from choosing a programme to the first day of studies at HSE University. 1 Choose a programme Browse the programme catalogue and learn more about your chosen programme on its page. 2 Register on the website Submit a registration request in the My Application section. 3 Take part in entrance exams Learn about the entrance exams , the 2026 exam schedule, and past years' assignments. 4 Wait for the results Track your application status and results in the My Application section. 5 Submit your consent to study Upload your consent to study in the My Application section by the deadline. 6 Recognise documents Go through the education document recognition procedure by uploading your documents in the relevant section of your personal account. 7 Upload required documents Upload the required documents to the Documents for Enrolment section to complete your enrolment at HSE University. The whole process is fully online. 8 Prepare for your arrival in Russia Get your visa invitation, familiarise yourself with the migration rules, and learn about accommodation options in Moscow. All relevant information is available in this section . Detailed admission guide Other HSE Campuses The list of programmes and the format of entrance exams at HSE University-Moscow may differ from those at other campuses. St Petersburg Nizhny Novgorod Perm Frequently Asked Questions How do I apply for a programme? - You must register on the website in the My Application section. After receiving your login and password, you can select your desired programme, sign up for entrance exams, and track your status. Are there English-taught programmes at HSE University? - Yes, you can view the list of programmes in the catalogue . How can I get a full scholarship? - Check available education tracks and register on the website in the My Application section. Other questions Still have questions? Get advice by email inter@hse.ru In your email, please introduce yourself, briefly describe your question, and provide your registration number if you have one. HSE University campuses in Moscow Moscow, HSE University Join our Telegram channel for international applicants Admission tips, useful materials, and real-time content about HSE University Subscribe About About Key Figures & Facts Sustainability at HSE University Faculties & Departments International Partnerships Faculty & Staff HSE Buildings HSE University for Persons with Disabilities Public Enquiries Studies Admissions Programme Catalogue Undergraduate Graduate Exchange Programmes Summer Schools Semester in Moscow Business Internship Research International Laboratories Research Centres Research Projects Monitoring Studies Conferences & Seminars Academic Jobs Yasin (April) International Academic Conference on Economic and Social Development Media & Resources Publications by staff HSE Journals Publishing House Library HSE Repository of Socio-Economic Information © HSE University 1993-2026 Contacts Copyright Privacy Policy Site Map HSE Sans and HSE Slab fonts developed by the HSE Art and Design School Edit