В старых версиях браузеров сайт может отображаться некорректно. Для оптимальной работы с сайтом рекомендуем воспользоваться современным браузером. We use cookies in order to improve the quality and usability of the HSE website. More information about the use of cookies is available here , and the regulations on processing personal data can be found here . By continuing to use the site, you hereby confirm that you have been informed of the use of cookies by the HSE website and agree with our rules for processing personal data. You may disable cookies in your browser settings. ✖ A A A ABC ABC ABC А А А А А Regular version of the site HSE University EN РУС Search Advanced search Apply for Undergraduate Programmes at HSE Home Bachelor's degree ❗ Contract Signing Process Education tracks How to apply Programmes Admission steps Qualifying events Olympiads FAQ For recommended for admission Offer of admission Required documents and recognition procedure Visa and preparation for arrival Accommodation Master's degree Education tracks How to apply Programmes and portfolio criteria Admission steps FAQ For recommended for admission Offer of admission Required documents and recognition procedure Visa and prerapration to arrival Accommodation For students International student support Voluntary medical insurance Visa support centre Student Service Centre Student life Library Career Webinars 2026 Contacts EN РУС For visually-impaired Search Advanced search Menu HSE University International Admissions Apply for Undergraduate Programmes at HSE International Admissions Bachelor's Degree My Application Prepare for your arrival in Russia Frequently Asked Questions: Undergraduate Admissions Frequently Asked Questions I want to apply to your university. How can I do that? Expand answer Participate in the International Youth Olympiad 2025 . Winners and prize holders can apply for places under the Government of the Russian Federation State Scholarship quota. Participants receive additional advantages when applying for fee-paying places (partial grants); Pass the competitive selection through the Rossotrudnichestvo representative office in your country; Pass HSE entrance examinations in person or remotely as part of a separate competition for foreign citizens; Transfer results of the Unified State Exam (USE) or other international exams . How can I find out if my documents have been received and reviewed? Expand answer All up-to-date information about your application is always available in your personal account. We also send notifications about the status of your application via email. To avoid missing important information, please make sure that emails from inter@hse.ru and asav@hse.ru do not go to your Spam or Promotions folders. Can I transfer to another study programme? Expand answer Yes, you can. Transfer is only possible in the 3rd quarter of the calendar year. Transfer applications will be reviewed separately. For this matter, please contact the Academic Office of your educational programme. Can I study fully online and receive an HSE diploma? Are there online programmes? Expand answer All online programmes are delivered in full-time format. Upon completion of an online programme, you receive the same HSE diploma as on-campus students. Visa support is not provided. Full list of online programmes: ONLINE HSE University If I have both foreign citizenship and Russian citizenship, can I apply for a quota place? Expand answer You may participate in the quota selection process, but the final decision on allocating a quota place is made by the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation. If I am currently studying on a state-funded place, can I apply for a state-funded place again? Expand answer Foreign applicants may apply for a state-funded place under the Government of the Russian Federation quota at HSE if they: Are foreign citizens or stateless persons; Are not currently studying (and have not previously studied) under a quota at the same level of education they are applying for (e.g., previously studied in a Master's programme under a quota and now applying again for a Master's programme under a quota). Are there age limits for applying to Bachelor's or Master's programmes? Expand answer There are no age restrictions. Do I need to submit original copies of my educational documents? Expand answer You must provide original educational documents to the Admissions Support Centre. If the documents are in a foreign language, notarised translations into Russian must also be submitted. Before bringing your documents, please coordinate your visit with the Centre staff via email: recognition@hse.ru . Deadlines and Key Dates What are the application deadlines? Expand answer Applications for the Government of the Russian Federation State Scholarship (quota) are accepted from November 1, 2025 to March 20, 2026. When will I find out about the decision on awarding the Government Scholarship? Expand answer Within one month after completing the selection events. All decisions can be viewed in your foreign applicant personal account. How many days do I have to submit documents after receiving a recommendation for enrolment on a quota place? Expand answer The deadline for document submission is specified in the system message - 21 calendar days from the date the recommendation is issued. I submitted my consent in my personal account for the quota, but my documents were returned for revision. How much time do I have to make corrections? Expand answer The deadline for correcting documents is 10 calendar days from the date they are returned. When will I find out about the enrolment decision? Expand answer Each application is reviewed individually; however, the review usually takes two to three weeks. You can check the status online in your foreign applicant personal account. Language of Instruction Many programmes now list two languages of instruction: Russian and English. What does this mean? Expand answer On such programmes, instruction is delivered in Russian, but some courses are taught in English. Depending on the programme, English-language courses may be mandatory or elective. Entrance Examinations If I want to take entrance examinations remotely, do I need to follow Moscow time? What time are in-person entrance examinations held? Expand answer Remote entrance examinations are held according to Moscow time; in-person examinations are held according to local time. You can change the examination format (online testing to in-person and vice versa) no later than 1 week before the start date of the selection events. All information is available on the schedule page for selection events . Is there any difference when I take entrance examinations (in January / February / March)? Expand answer The deadline for submitting documents for a quota place is April 1, 2026 ; you must complete the selection events before this date. If I am applying through Rossotrudnichestvo, do I need to take HSE entrance examinations? Expand answer Taking entrance examinations through Rossotrudnichestvo is not mandatory and is recommended. For details, please read the information in the section "Information for applicants through Rossotrudnichestvo" on the official portal https://admissions.hse.ru/rgs/ . For certain educational programmes, passing HSE entrance examinations is a mandatory criterion for reviewing and evaluating applications submitted through Rossotrudnichestvo. Scholarships, Dormitories, Health Insurance Do foreign students receive a scholarship? Does HSE provide dormitory accommodation? Expand answer Dormitory places are provided for the entire duration of study to students admitted under the Government of the Russian Federation State Scholarship (quota). Accommodation costs and dormitory addresses are listed on the page . Consultations on dormitory accommodation conditions at HSE can be obtained from the Dormitory Management Directorate . Can I choose or change my dormitory? Expand answer Dormitory places are assigned automatically; choosing or changing a dormitory is not possible. What documents do I need to move into a dormitory? Expand answer When moving into a university dormitory, foreign students must provide: A health insurance policy valid in the Russian Federation, purchased before arrival in Russia. If you were unable to purchase a health insurance policy before arriving in Moscow, you must purchase one within 5 days of your arrival for studies; A certificate of vaccinations or a copy of the preventive vaccination record (Form No. 156/u-93). Also, if you have medical certificates confirming the absence of tuberculosis, hepatitis, etc., please bring them with you; A migration card issued upon crossing the border of the Russian Federation (at the airport or other border checkpoint of Russia) or a copy of your entry visa. Do I need voluntary health insurance (VHI/DMS) when applying to HSE? Expand answer All foreign citizens (students) are required to purchase voluntary health insurance (VHI/DMS) upon arrival in Russia or before arrival, in their country of residence, for the entire duration of their stay. Foreign students may purchase VHI/DMS through insurance companies recommended by HSE. Information on recommended VHI/DMS programmes and how to purchase a policy is available on the webpage of the Social Sphere Management Office . Admission via Olympiads and Credit Transfer for Exams Can I apply based on olympiad results? Which olympiads are accepted for Bachelor's programme admission? Expand answer Yes, foreign citizens can apply based on olympiads recognised by HSE, including for places under the Government of the Russian Federation State Scholarship (quota). To participate in the scholarship competition, you must register and attach a scanned copy of your olympiad certificate in your foreign applicant personal account for Bachelor's programmes by March 20, 2026 . The full list of recognised olympiads is available here . Can I apply based on the results of the "Vysshaya Proba" olympiad if I am a foreign citizen? Expand answer Yes, you can. To do so, you must register in your foreign applicant personal account. In the "Participation in Olympiads" section, after receiving your registration number, information about which HSE olympiads you have participated in should appear. If this information does not appear after your registration number is assigned, please send a message to the personal account moderator - we will check the accounts and merge them. I have results from an international exam in Mathematics and English. Can I use them as entrance examinations? Expand answer Yes, you can. If you hold a certificate of an international exam in English, Mathematics, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, and/or Russian, the results of these exams may be credited as an entrance examination. More details on credit transfer for international exam results . If I am a winner/prize holder of the Open Doors olympiad (2026), how can I apply to your university? Expand answer For all questions, please contact the Olympiad Organising Committee at opendoors@hse.ru . You can find up-to-date information on the official Olympiad website: https://od.globaluni.ru/about . Ask a question to the Consultancy Centre specialists E-mail inter@hse.ru Phone +7 (495) 531 0059 Address: 109028, Moscow, Pokrovsky Boulevard 11, Building D, Office 623 Working hours: 9:30 - 18:00, Monday-Friday About About Key Figures & Facts Sustainability at HSE University Faculties & Departments International Partnerships Faculty & Staff HSE Buildings HSE University for Persons with Disabilities Public Enquiries Studies Admissions Programme Catalogue Undergraduate Graduate Exchange Programmes Summer Schools Semester in Moscow Business Internship Research International Laboratories Research Centres Research Projects Monitoring Studies Conferences & Seminars Academic Jobs Yasin (April) International Academic Conference on Economic and Social Development Media & Resources Publications by staff HSE Journals Publishing House Library HSE Repository of Socio-Economic Information © HSE University 1993-2026 Contacts Copyright Privacy Policy Site Map HSE Sans and HSE Slab fonts developed by the HSE Art and Design School Edit