В старых версиях браузеров сайт может отображаться некорректно. Для оптимальной работы с сайтом рекомендуем воспользоваться современным браузером. We use cookies in order to improve the quality and usability of the HSE website. More information about the use of cookies is available here , and the regulations on processing personal data can be found here . By continuing to use the site, you hereby confirm that you have been informed of the use of cookies by the HSE website and agree with our rules for processing personal data. You may disable cookies in your browser settings. ✖ A A A ABC ABC ABC А А А А А Regular version of the site HSE University EN РУС Search Advanced search Apply for Undergraduate Programmes at HSE Home Bachelor's degree ❗ Contract Signing Process Education tracks How to apply Programmes Admission steps Qualifying events Olympiads FAQ For recommended for admission Offer of admission Required documents and recognition procedure Visa and preparation for arrival Accommodation Master's degree Education tracks How to apply Programmes and portfolio criteria Admission steps FAQ For recommended for admission Offer of admission Required documents and recognition procedure Visa and prerapration to arrival Accommodation For students International student support Voluntary medical insurance Visa support centre Student Service Centre Student life Library Career Webinars 2026 Contacts EN РУС For visually-impaired Search Advanced search Menu HSE University International Admissions International Admissions Bachelor's Degree My Application Prepare for your arrival in Russia 💡 Important: qualifying events are available only after registration in your personal account and choosing a programme. Results will appear in your personal account within 14 days. main track Qualifying events Take the entrance exams in a convenient format: in-person or online. You can only take a given subject once - in one of the formats. Take online Take in-person alternative track Recognition of international exam results Check whether you can use an international exam result instead of taking a specific qualifying event. Check recognition Find out which national or international olympiads allow you to apply for a state-funded place at HSE University Olympiad is a separate admission track. It grants special rights for specific programmes admissions. Check olympiad benefits How to prepare for qualifying events Before taking the exam, study the format, syllabus, and preparation materials. Qualifying event programmes and mock tests Study the syllabi, solve demo versions and check past years' assignments. Open materials Qualifying Events per Programme Find out which qualifying events you need to take for your chosen programme. Find out what to take Rules for online quilifying events Check the regulations: what is allowed and forbidden during the test, what tools you may use, and the procedure. Open rules 2026 exam schedule You can see the qualifying events' dates on a separate page. Registration for exams is done through the international applicant's personal account after you register there. Open 2026 schedule Go to personal account How to know which exams to take? First, choose your educational programme and check the list of qualifying events on the programme catalogue. Qualifying event results usually appear in your personal account within 14 days after the exam. Programme catalog Frequently asked questions How do I know which qualifying events to take? It depends on the educational programme you choose. Check the programme catalog and the list of qualifying events for that programme. Can I take the same subject both online and in-person? No. You can take a subject only once - either online or in-person. Where do I register for exams? Registration is done through the international applicant's personal account after you have registered there. When are results published? Results usually appear in your personal account within 14 days after the exam. What does an olympiad give me? An olympiad is a separate admission track. It does not replace a specific subject but may grant a benefit or the possibility of admission to a specific programme depending on its conditions. Other questions Still have questions? Get a consultation by email inter@hse.ru In your email, introduce yourself, briefly describe your question, and if you have a registration number, please include it. About About Key Figures & Facts Sustainability at HSE University Faculties & Departments International Partnerships Faculty & Staff HSE Buildings HSE University for Persons with Disabilities Public Enquiries Studies Admissions Programme Catalogue Undergraduate Graduate Exchange Programmes Summer Schools Semester in Moscow Business Internship Research International Laboratories Research Centres Research Projects Monitoring Studies Conferences & Seminars Academic Jobs Yasin (April) International Academic Conference on Economic and Social Development Media & Resources Publications by staff HSE Journals Publishing House Library HSE Repository of Socio-Economic Information © HSE University 1993-2026 Contacts Copyright Privacy Policy Site Map HSE Sans and HSE Slab fonts developed by the HSE Art and Design School Edit