Skip to main content Studies Studies close Research Research close Collaboration Collaboration close About KTH About KTH close Library Library close Close Studies Close Research Close Collaboration Close About KTH Close Library Close Main menu Close Studies Main menu Close Research Main menu Close Collaboration Main menu Close About KTH Main menu Close Library Search Search the KTH website Search Search the Student web Search the Intranet Svenska Close Den här sidan är ej översatt Startsida på svenska Menu KTH Study at KTH Bachelor's studies How to apply for bachelor's studies The bachelor's programme has two application rounds. Applications are made through University Admissions, an online application portal for all Swedish universities. Application deadlines for studies starting 2027 Application round 1 Non-EU/EEA/Swiss citizens should apply in round 1 in order to obtain a residence permit before study start. Students in the final year of upper secondary will not be able to submit a complete application in round 1. 16 October (2026): Application opens 15 January: Last day to apply 1 February: Submit documents and, if required, pay application fee 8 April: Admission results announced August: Arrival and study start Application round 2 Round 2 is mainly for EU/EEA/Swiss citizens. Non-EU/EEA/Swiss citizens will likely not have enough time to obtain a residence permit. 15 March: Application opens 15 April: Application closes 23 April: Supply document of fee exempt status or receipt of application fee 21 June: Document submission deadline. If you're completing your upper secondary studies in an EU/EEA country, Switzerland or an IB/EB programme, you have until 5 July to submit your documents. All other supporting documents should be submitted together with your application. 9 July: Admission results announced 16 July: Last date to reply to your offer 22 July: Final admissions results August: Arrival and study start Application process for the bachelor's programme The academic year at KTH is divided into two semesters of 20 weeks, with the autumn semester beginning at the end of August and the spring semester beginning in January. The bachelor's programme start in the autumn semester. The application deadlines below are strict and in Central European Time (CET). 1. Check the admission requirements If you meet the admission requirements for the programme, you are ready to start your application! Entry requirements 2. Submit your online application Create an account, select the programme and submit your application on University Admissions. How to apply to bachelor's programmes (University Admissions) 3. Submit your required documents Submit all required documents to your application at University Admissions by 1 February. Further instructions on how to submit your documents and how documentation requirements may differ between countries is provided at University Admissions . 4. Pay the application fee or document your citizenship For non-EU/EEA citizens, there is an application fee of SEK 900. EU/EEA and Swiss citizens do not pay an application fee but should prove their citizenship status, for instance, with a passport copy. Paying the application fee (University Admissions) 5. Check the selection results The admission results are published posted in your account at University Admissions. If you are admitted, KTH will provide further information about how to prepare for your studies. Notification of selection results (University Admissions) Page responsible: KTH International Student Recruitment Belongs to : Study at KTH Last changed : Nov 23, 2021 KTH Study at KTH Research Cooperation About KTH Student at KTH Alumni KTH Intranet Organisation KTH Library KTH Schools Competence centres President and management University Administration Services Timetables Course and programme directory Webmail Learning management system (Canvas) Contact KTH Royal Institute of Technology SE-100 44 Stockholm Sweden +46 8 790 60 00 Contact KTH Work at KTH Press and media About KTH website To page top