Skip to main content Studies Studies close Research Research close Collaboration Collaboration close About KTH About KTH close Library Library close Close Studies Close Research Close Collaboration Close About KTH Close Library Close Main menu Close Studies Main menu Close Research Main menu Close Collaboration Main menu Close About KTH Main menu Close Library Search Search the KTH website Search Search the Student web Search the Intranet Svenska Close Den här sidan är ej översatt Startsida på svenska Menu KTH Study at KTH Bachelor's studies Entry requirements for Information and Communication Technology To be eligible for the bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology, you must meet the admission requirements and submit all required documents. Admission is highly competitive, with far fewer places than qualified applicants. In 2024, 10% of eligible applicants were admitted. Admission requirements Completed upper secondary education A completed upper secondary education is required. English proficiency English proficiency equivalent to Swedish upper secondary course English 6/English Level 2 is required. You can meet the requirement with an English test, for example an IELTS total score of 6.5 with no section below 5.5, a TOEFL total score of 90 with score of 20 (scale 0-30) in the writing section (test results 20 January 2026 and earlier) or TOEFL total score of 4.5 (scale 1-6) with no section less than 4 (test results 21 January 2026 and later) . Depending on your country of previous studies you may also meet the requirement through completed upper secondary education or university studies. Visit University Admissions to see all accepted English tests and application documents for your country of previous studies . Mathematics and Physics proficiency Documented knowledge in Mathematics and Physics corresponding to Mathematics 4 (advanced level of mathematics) and Physics 2 (advanced level of physics). In each of the subjects, applicants must have at least a passing grade. The courses in English, Mathematics and Physics mentioned above correspond to the course structure in Swedish upper secondary school. The levels of Mathematics and Physics corresponding to the content of these courses are an indication of the levels needed in order to be eligible for the programme. However, which level and course needed in Mathematics and Physics in order to fulfill the eligibility requirements depends on the country of educational background. All applications will be evaluated individually and according to country specific requirements. KTH does not offer any entrance exams/tests, bridging or preparatory courses to meet these requirements. Note that applicants must have complete documentation from upper secondary school. Conditional admission for applicants in their final year of upper secondary school is not possible and predicted grades are not accepted. Equivalence for certain countries and systems The following is a clarification of what is needed in order to fulfil the requirements with upper secondary education from the following country or system. If your country is not available below you can email us at info@kth.se for support in finding out what courses from our country's upper secondary system are approved. American high school education To meet the requirements for physics from an American high school education, you must have successfully taken Advanced Placement (AP) tests in this subject. AP Physics 1 or 2 is required. For mathematics, Calculus and Pre-Calculus or AP-test (Calculus AB or BC) is required. China Completed upper secondary education You can meet the requirement for a completed upper secondary education with a completed education from: · Senior Secondary School (高中) · Specialized Middle School (中专） · Vocational Secondary School ( 职高) English proficiency Upper secondary studies completed in this country do not meet the English requirement for studies in Sweden. Even if you studied English at your upper secondary school, it is not at a level to meet the English requirement. You can demonstrate that you meet the English language requirement through certain university studies, or an internationally approved English test. Mathematics and Physics proficiency A Chinese upper secondary education does not meet the requirement for knowledge in Mathematics and Physics corresponding to Mathematics 4 (advanced level of mathematics) and Physics 2 (advanced level of physics). University courses in these subjects can meet the requirement. India Completed upper secondary education The following diplomas/certificates meet the criteria: Higher Secondary Certificate Examination Intermediate Examination Certificate All India Senior School Certificate Examination Pre-University Education Certificate Indian School Certificate (ISC) Certificate of Vocational Education (CVE-12) Polytechnic Diploma/Diploma Examination Certificate Senior Secondary (12th Class) Examination English proficiency You can meet the English requirement with your upper secondary studies with one of the following: grades in the subject English language and at least three other subjects with English as the language of instruction. Your official upper secondary certificate must clearly state that the language of instruction was English. grades in the subject English language stated in Indian School Certificate Class XII (year 12) that are issued by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) grades in the subject English language stated in Senior School Certificate Examination / Marks Statement cum Certificate that are issued by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) from 2008 and onwards Mathematics and Physics proficiency Mathematics in the degree or the subject Mathematics & Statistics profile Arts&Science from Maharashtra Board (course code 40) International Baccalaureate The requirements are an International Baccalaureate Diploma with 24 points and passing grades in: English A HL, English A SL, English B HL or English B SL corresponds to English 6 in Sweden Mathematics: analysis and approaches SL or Mathematics: applications and interpretation HL (from 2021 and onwards) corresponds to Mathematics 4 in Sweden Physics, SL or HL corresponds to Physics 2 in Sweden Ukraine Completed upper secondary education The following Secondary School Certificates meet the general criteria: Secondary School Certificate Свідоцтво про здобуття повної загальної середньої освіти / Svidotstvo pro zdobuttja povnoji zahalnoji serednoji osvity Secondary School Certificate (Атестат про повну загальну середню освiту) and final school grades transcript including final state examination (Додаток до атестата) Vocational Secondary School Diploma (Диплом квалiфiкованого робiтника / Диплом молодшого спецiалiста) and final transcript with all subjects and grades (Додаток до Диплома). English proficiency Upper secondary studies completed in this country do not meet the English requirement for studies in Sweden. Even if you studied English at your upper secondary school, it is not enough to give you eligibility in regard to English. You can demonstrate that you meet the English language requirement through certain university studies, or an internationally approved English test. Mathematics and Physics proficiency You can meet the requirement for knowledge in Mathematics and Physics corresponding to Mathematics 4 (advanced level of mathematics) and Physics 2 (advanced level of physics) with: Mathematics (or Algebra and Geometry) on advanced or profile level. Physics in final grades on profile level United Kingdom and international education according to the British system The requirements are an upper-secondary education giving access to university studies in the United Kingdom including a minimum grade C in IGCSE/GCSE/GCE English as well as the following: Mathematics GCE AS level or GCE A level (grade E or above) level corresponds to Mathematics 4 in Sweden GCE A/AS level Physics corresponds to Physics 2 in Sweden This applies to applicants with GCSE from 2010 and onwards. Alternative credentials in Physics If you have taken classes that cover all the Physics subject topics below, you can fulfil the requirement for Physics. You need to support this with transcripts and a course syllabus submitted to your University Admissions user account when you apply. If you can prove the necessary knowledge in Physics, KTH can, in some cases, grant an exemption from the Mathematics requirement. Required Physics subject topics Waves, electromagnetism and signals Harmonic oscillation as a model to describe phenomena in everyday life and technology Reflection, refraction and interference of light, sound and other wave motion. Orientation on sound volume and the Doppler effect. Relationship between electric and magnetic fields: magnetic field around current-carrying conductors, movement of electric charge in magnetic field, induction and some applications, such as the alternator and the transformer. Wave and particle description of electromagnetic radiation. Orientation on the propagation of electromagnetic waves. The photoelectric effect and the photon concept. The wave properties of matter: de Broglie's hypothesis and wave-particle dualism. Physical principles behind technical applications for communication and detection. The nature of physics, working methods and mathematical methods Models and theories that simplify reality. The areas of validity of models and theories and how they can be developed, generalized or replaced by other models and theories over time. The importance of experimental work to test, reevaluate and revise hypotheses, theories and models. Delineation and study of problems using physical reasoning and mathematical modeling including linear and non-linear functions, equations and graphs as well as derivatives and vectors. Planning and execution of experimental investigations and observations as well as formulation and testing of hypotheses in connection with these. Processing and evaluation of data and results using regression analysis, analysis of graphs, unit analysis and magnitude estimates. Evaluation of results and conclusions through analysis of method choice, work process, error sources and measurement uncertainty. Documents All documents proving eligibility must reach University Admissions by the deadline. More information about documents provided by University Admissions . Selection process Selection is based on upper secondary education grade point average (GPA). Recommendation letters, motivation letters or similar are not considered and can not influence your chances of admission. Acceptance rate The acceptance rate for the bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology for 2024 was 10 %. We admitted 71 students out of the 684 applicants that met the admission requirements. The acceptance rate in the second application round is publish after the admission results are published in July. Read more Bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology Page responsible: KTH International Student Recruitment Belongs to : Study at KTH Last changed : Sep 16, 2026 KTH Study at KTH Research Cooperation About KTH Student at KTH Alumni KTH Intranet Organisation KTH Library KTH Schools Competence centres President and management University Administration Services Timetables Course and programme directory Webmail Learning management system (Canvas) Contact KTH Royal Institute of Technology SE-100 44 Stockholm Sweden +46 8 790 60 00 Contact KTH Work at KTH Press and media About KTH website To page top