Skip to main content Studies Studies close Research Research close Collaboration Collaboration close About KTH About KTH close Library Library close Close Studies Close Research Close Collaboration Close About KTH Close Library Close Main menu Close Studies Main menu Close Research Main menu Close Collaboration Main menu Close About KTH Main menu Close Library Search Search the KTH website Search Search the Student web Search the Intranet Svenska Close Den här sidan är ej översatt Startsida på svenska Menu KTH Study at KTH Bachelor's studies Information and Communication Technology Information and Communication Technology Close Bachelor's studies Information and Communication Technology Bachelor's studies Information and Communication Technology Application and tuition fees for bachelor's programmes A degree from KTH is an investment for life. For studies at KTH, application and tuition fees are required for some students. KTH does not offer any scholarships for the Bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology. Who is required to pay fees? If you are not a citizen of an EU/EEA country or Switzerland you are generally required to pay fees. However, there are exceptions where non-EU citizens do not need to pay fees (University Admissions) . Citizens of an EU/EEA country or Switzerland are not required to pay application and tuition fees. Tuition fees Tuition fee for bachelor's programmes The full programme tuition fee for non-EU/EEA/Swiss citizens studying the bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology is SEK 423,000. Application fee Students required to pay tuition fees also need to pay an application fee for this programme, and all other programmes applied for through University Admissions, of SEK 900. The fee must be paid before the end of January, since the assessment of the application is dependent on payment of the fee. How and when to pay the application fee (University Admissions) Scholarships We do not offer any scholarships for bachelor's studies. How to pay the tuition fee The tuition fee is charged in advance for each semester and you pay by bank transfer. More information on tuition fee payment and reimbursement Page responsible: KTH International Student Recruitment Belongs to : Study at KTH Last changed : Feb 17, 2025 KTH Study at KTH Research Cooperation About KTH Student at KTH Alumni KTH Intranet Organisation KTH Library KTH Schools Competence centres President and management University Administration Services Timetables Course and programme directory Webmail Learning management system (Canvas) Contact KTH Royal Institute of Technology SE-100 44 Stockholm Sweden +46 8 790 60 00 Contact KTH Work at KTH Press and media About KTH website To page top