Skip to main content Studies Studies close Research Research close Collaboration Collaboration close About KTH About KTH close Library Library close Close Studies Close Research Close Collaboration Close About KTH Close Library Close Main menu Close Studies Main menu Close Research Main menu Close Collaboration Main menu Close About KTH Main menu Close Library Search Search the KTH website Search Search the Student web Search the Intranet Svenska Close Den här sidan är ej översatt Startsida på svenska Menu KTH Study at KTH Bachelor's studies Information and Communication Technology Information and Communication Technology Close Bachelor's studies Information and Communication Technology Bachelor's studies Information and Communication Technology BSc Information and Communication Technology The bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology gives you a broad foundation in electronics, programming, computer science and communication technology. You learn to design and develop digital systems and applications, with opportunities to explore areas such as AI, machine learning, robotics, e-health and next-generation communication. Graduates can continue to master's studies or work in a wide range of industries. Application deadlines for studies starting 2027 Application round 1 Non-EU/EEA/Swiss citizens should apply in round 1 in order to obtain a residence permit before study start. Students in the final year of upper secondary will not be able to submit a complete application in round 1. 16 October (2026): Application opens 15 January: Last day to apply 1 February: Submit documents and, if required, pay application fee 8 April: Admission results announced August: Arrival and study start Application round 2 Round 2 is mainly for EU/EEA/Swiss citizens. Non-EU/EEA/Swiss citizens will likely not have enough time to obtain a residence permit. 15 March: Application opens 15 April: Application closes 23 April: Supply document of fee exempt status or receipt of application fee 21 June: Document submission deadline. If you're completing your upper secondary studies in an EU/EEA country, Switzerland or an IB/EB programme, you have until 5 July to submit your documents. All other supporting documents should be submitted together with your application. 9 July: Admission results announced 16 July: Last date to reply to your offer 22 July: Final admissions results August: Arrival and study start Information and Communication Technology at KTH ICT is an ever-expanding field and the basis for digitalising human communication. Since the conception of the first personal computer in the 1950s and the invention of the World Wide Web in the late 1980s, ICT has come to affect human life at its core and all industries and sectors. Today, new systems and services continually evolve as people and products become increasingly connected. At the same time, concepts like AI and quantum computing promise to speed up this development even more. While technology can improve people's quality of life and contribute to the green transition, development requires constantly enhanced security. This evolution creates a demand for ICT experts who strengthen the protection against industrial espionage, fake news, and cyber warfare and develop reliable AI, e-health and digital design. As a student in the bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology, you find yourself in the centre of this exciting field. The programme teaches you about electronics, software, computer science, and communications technology. It also integrates technology with economics, leadership, and sustainable development - giving you a broad perspective on technological development. A large proportion of the programme consists of elective courses, giving you considerable freedom to shape your education around your interests. You can use the electives to deepen your studies in areas such as AI and machine learning, or explore complementary subjects such as optimisation, project management, intercultural competence, and Swedish language. This flexibility allows you to build a profile that reflects your interests and future goals. All teaching is conducted in English in a combination of lectures, laboratory work, and practice. You will benefit from the extensive group work that you can do both at future employers and in research environments. The programme is based on the latest research that KTH conducts in collaboration with companies and your teachers are internationally recognised professors from all over the world. Through guest lectures and projects, you will meet companies and gain a sounder understanding of your future profession. You will study at KTH's main campus. Your fellow students come from both Sweden and other countries such as Germany, France, Spain, England and South Korea. Collaborating in intercultural groups is a valuable experience that can lay the foundations for your own international network. This is a three year programme (180 ECTS credits) given in English. Graduates are awarded the degree of Bachelor of Science. The programme is given by the School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (at KTH). Courses in the programme The courses in the programme cover topics such as mathematics, computer programming, engineering and communication, digital electronics, project methodology, computer security, and industrial economics. Courses in the programme Information and Communication Technology Meet the students from the programme "Being able to work with classmates from diverse backgrounds has improved my KTH experience and also prepared me effectively for future professional environments." Tony from China "The balance between theory and hands-on projects is something that I really enjoy. We don't just learn concepts in a classroom; we actually apply them." Sana from Iran More interviews with KTH students Career The ICT market ranks as one of the largest industries in the world. After graduation, creative jobs await in Sweden and internationally. The programme is a path to opportunities in global and regional IT companies, consultancy firms, in most companies' IT departments and in international institutions. There is also a great need for ICT skills in the automotive industry and medical technology. You can evolve into a system developer, designer, project leader and much more. You might have a new idea during the programme and go on to become an entrepreneur, or apply to the many startup companies in the field. Even though more and more people are training in ICT around the world, the need for ICT competence is expected to be high for a long time to come. As a graduate, you also meet the entry requirements of several of the master's programmes offered at KTH within the field. Meet the graduates Sustainable development Graduates from KTH have the knowledge and tools for moving society in a more sustainable direction, as sustainable development is an integral part of all programmes. The key sustainable development goals addressed by the bachelor's programme in Information and Communication Technology are: The programme teaches you to understand and develop sustainable solutions for the global sustainability goals Energy for All and Sustainable Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure. ICT's main contribution to sustainability is to enable other industries to become more energy efficient and reduce their carbon footprint. Emissions from the transport and industry sectors can be greatly reduced if new energy-efficient technology can be used. The IT industry also significantly impacts on personal integrity, digital monitoring, and democracy. There are major issues to engage in here for those who want to become involved and influence development. Another important aspect is that the technology that enables us to be connected is dependent on electricity. In order for the digital services we use to be environmentally friendly, it is important to create an energy-efficient infrastructure. Faculty and research The School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science conducts research that is world-leading within its field. The research contributes to future solutions in theoretical computer science, applied computer science, robotics, medical science, nanoelectronics, smart grids, intelligent transport systems, secure infrastructure, computer systems, computational biology, media technology and interaction design, as well as speech and musical communication. The Department of Computing and Learning Systems (CLS) works in several areas to contribute to future solutions in the data science, software construction, distributed and parallel systems, computer architecture, network systems, and network systems security. Research groups include Data Science: Machine Learning, GALE: Graph Analytics and Network Learning, Programming Languages and Modelling, Software Development with Clouds and Artificial Intelligence, Data Systems Lab, Distributed and Parallel Systems, Computer Architecture, Networked Systems Security, the Networked Systems Lab, and Machine-Intelligence for Networks and Distributed Systems. Next step Subscribe Through our newsletter you will receive important real-time information to make your road to KTH as smooth as possible. Follow KTH Explore our campuses Visit our campuses through an immersive digital tour where our students guide you through their favourite KTH spots. Virtual campus tour Why KTH? Explore KTH KTH Taggar : Information and Communication Technology Bachelor's programmes studies Bachelor's programmes Information and Communication Technology studies Page responsible: KTH International Student Recruitment Belongs to : Study at KTH Last changed : Sep 28, 2026 Changes in the programme may occur. KTH Study at KTH Research Cooperation About KTH Student at KTH Alumni KTH Intranet Organisation KTH Library KTH Schools Competence centres President and management University Administration Services Timetables Course and programme directory Webmail Learning management system (Canvas) Contact KTH Royal Institute of Technology SE-100 44 Stockholm Sweden +46 8 790 60 00 Contact KTH Work at KTH Press and media About KTH website To page top