Skip to main content Studies Studies close Support and guidance Support and guidance close IT and digital services IT and digital services close Contact Contact close Close Studies Close Support and guidance Close IT and digital services Close Contact Close Main menu Close Studies Main menu Close Support and guidance Main menu Close IT and digital services Main menu Close Contact Search Search the Student web Search Search in kth.se Search the Intranet Svenska Close Den här sidan är ej översatt Startsida på svenska Menu Student web Studies Tuition fees Tuition fees Close Studies Tuition fees Payment of tuition fees Reimbursement of tuition fee FAQ about tuition fees Studies Tuition fees Payment of tuition fees Reimbursement of tuition fee FAQ about tuition fees Payment of tuition fees If you are a tuition fee-paying student at KTH, you must pay the tuition fee to confirm your place as a newly admitted student and to continue your studies in subsequent semesters. Your invoice is available in Ladok for students. For programme students, tuition fees are paid in advance per semester in consecutive instalments. You can access your first invoice after admission and invoices for subsequent semesters in April and November each year. Students admitted to individual courses must follow the deadline stated on their invoice. Payment deadlines for programme students Autumn semester Invoice is available the second week of April. The payment deadline is 31 May. Spring semester Invoice is available the first week of November. The payment deadline is 1 December. How to pay the tuition fee Log into Ladok for students using your universityadmissions.se account to find your invoice with all payment information and instructions. Your invoice shows the due date under Payment details. Invoicing and payment deadlines may vary depending on the application round, admission date and type of education. Always follow the payment instructions and deadline stated on your invoice. You can pay either by card or bank transfer. Paying by card Paying by card is the quickest way to pay your tuition fee, and your receipt will be available within minutes. A secure card payment link is available on your invoice in Ladok for students under "Tuition Fees". You can pay with Visa or Mastercard. Make sure that your card is enabled for international payments, otherwise the payment may fail. If your card has a payment limit, you can pay the total amount in instalments. Paying with bank transfer Contact your bank to request an international bank transfer using the details on your invoice. If you can make international transfers yourself, you can proceed without contacting your bank. Refunds are only made to the original payment account. Some payment methods, such as money transfer services and third-party providers, do not support refunds. Make sure that your payment method allows refunds. When making your payment, make sure that: The payment is made in Swedish kronor (SEK). You state your reference number (KTH followed by 4 or 5 digits) so we can match the payment to your student record. If space is limited, prioritise entering the reference number. The transfer is initiated in time for the payment to reach KTH by the due date. You cover any bank or transfer fees, so that the full tuition fee amount is received by KTH in SEK. Confirmation and receipt If you pay by card, the payment is usually registered in Ladok for students within minutes, and your receipt is available immediately. If you pay by bank transfer, it can take more than one week for the payment to be registered as received in Ladok for students. Once the payment is marked as received, you will be notified and the receipt will be available in Ladok for students. Admitted in 2023 or earlier and paying for ongoing studies? Payment for students admitted 2023 or earlier Wondering if you need to pay tuition fees? Find out if you need to pay fees (universityadmissions.se) Payment and refunds involving Belarus, Iran and Russia Due to international regulations, KTH is not allowed to conduct monetary transactions with Belarus, Iran and Russia. You should be aware of this when you make a payment and be careful which account you choose to make the payment from. Reimbursement is always made to the same account from which the payment originated. Consequently, we recommend selecting a payment method that works if a refund must be made. Do you have any questions? We have gathered common questions and answers which you will find at FAQ about tuition fees . If you have any other questions about tuition fees, please contact info@kth.se . Related pages Reimbursement of tuition fee FAQ about tuition fees Find out if you need to pay fees (universityadmissions.se) Tuition fee for each programme at KTH Page responsible: Antagningsgruppen på KTH Belongs to : Student web Last changed : Apr 08, 2026 Student web Studies Support and guidance IT and digital services Contact Services Schedule Canvas Webmail Personal menu Ladok for students Contact Contact programme Contact course IT-support KTH Entré KTH Library KTH Royal Institute of Technology SE-100 44 Stockholm Sweden +46 8 790 60 00 info@kth.se 📷 @KTHstudent on Instagram To page top