DEGREE PROGRAMS in English Login Contact Home Student Life Financial Aid Kyushu University offers a generous financial aid package to students in the international undergraduate programs. International Undergraduate Scholarship 1. Exemption of Half the Tuition All successful applicants of the international undergraduate programs will be entitled to the exemption of half the tuition for four years. Original amount After exemption Tuition (per semester) 267,900 yen 133,950 yen Tuition (4 years in total) 2,143,200 yen 1,071,600 yen 2. Scholarship Each year, up to 10 successful applicants in all of our international undergraduate programs may receive the scholarship. (a) Eligibility: All applicants are eligible for the scholarship. (b) Duration and amount of monthly allowance: Four years with 60,000 yen per month. (c) How to apply: All applicants for our international undergraduate programs will automatically apply for the scholarship by filling out the section for scholarship application in the application form. 3. Accommodation All successful applicants of the international undergraduate programs will be guaranteed a room in a university dormitory at least for the first year and a half. The student will be responsible for the monthly rent (between 23,000 and 30,000 yen for a single room as of June 2013). Other Scholarships 1. Scholarships offered by public institutions: 1.1 Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) 1.2 Japanese Student Services Organization (JASSO) ※ Please contact your embassy in Japan for further information concerning scholarships offered by institutions in your country. 2. Scholarships offered by private institutions: 2.1 Corporate Scholarships, such as Ajinomoto Scholarship Foundation. 2.2 International Clubs and Associations, such as: The Rotary Foundation ※ For more information about public and private scholarships available in Japan, click HERE Page Top About Us About Kyushu University Our Globalization Project MEXT's "Global 30" Project Our Globalization Project Degree Programs in English Undergraduate Programs Engineering Bioresource and Bioenvironment Graduate Programs Brochures Admissions Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Student Life Academics Financial Aid Student Services Tutors International Student and Researcher Support Center Counseling System Accommodation Discover Fukuoka FAQs Admissions Student Services Finances Housing Career Support Employment Opportunities Academic Jobs Administrative Jobs Kyushu University 九州大学カイロオフィス Home Contact Copyright © 2009 Kyushu University. All Rights Reserved.