Underwood International College, Yonsei University | 연세대학교 언더우드국제대학 Go to contents Go to menu Underwood International College, Yonsei University | 연세대학교 언더우드국제대학 ANNOUNCEMENTS APPLY DONATE NEWSLETTER Menu Underwood International College, Yonsei University | 연세대학교 언더우드국제대학 Menu ABOUT About UIC Overview From the Dean of UIC History Contact Us Faculty Faculty Profile Shinhan Distinguished Faculty Recruitment UIC Campuses Give Discover More Publications (Brochures & Leaflets) Videos UNDERGRADUATE Underwood Division (UD) Comparative Literature and Culture (CLC) Economics (ECON) International Studies (IS) Political Science and International Relations (PSIR) Life Science and Biotechnology (LSBT) Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences Division (HASSD) Asian Studies (AS) Culture and Design Management (CDM) Information and Interaction Design (IID) Creative Technology Management (CTM) Justice and Civil Leadership (JCL) Quantitative Risk Management (QRM) Science, Technology, and Policy (STP) Sustainable Development and Cooperation (SDC) Integrated Science and Engineering Division (ISED) Nano Science and Engineering (NSE) Energy and Environmental Science and Engineering (EESE) Bio-Convergence (BC) Common Curriculum Korean Studies Minor Degree Requirements Academic Resources Academic Calendar UIC Academic Advising Important Regulations Curriculum and Academic Regulations STEM Tutoring Lounge UIC Writing Center Design Factory Korea Exclusive Programs LearnUs Global Semester Global/STEM Career Tour UIC Research Projects Creative Writing Certificate Writing Intensive Clinic Exchange Program GRADUATE Department of Innovation Department of Integrated Science and Engineering ADMISSIONS Why UIC The UIC Advantage Academic Life at UIC UIC Course Sampler The Residential College Experience How to Apply Overview First Year Students (International) Transfer Students (International) Korean Students Tuition fee & Scholarship Information for Intl' Admittees FAQ STUDENT LIFE UIC Student Council Student Clubs Student Ambassadors(SAM) Housing Health and Counseling Student Health Aid Association Health Service Center Counseling Center CAREERS Career Development Center Overview CDC Events Jobs & Internship Opportunities UIC Alumni NEWS AND EVENTS Announcements Overview Academic Affairs Student Services Events UIC Newsletter STEM TUTORING LOUNGE STEM(Science Technology Engineering Mathematics) Tutoring Lounge is for students who are seeking opportunities to strengthen their foundational skills in mathematics and science courses. STEM Tutoring Lounge tutors strive to help students understand various principles through discussion and problem solving. UIC WRITING CENTER The UIC Writing Center is for students who are looking for ways to receive extra guidance on their writing. The Writing Center encourages student to visit at any point in the writing process, whether it be a term paper for a course or a second look at their internship application essay. DESIGN FACTORY KOREA Design Factory Korea began in 2015 at Underwood International College (UIC), and focuses on creating meaningful connections between what students learn in the classroom and what actually happens in the industry through collaborative projects. INFORMATION FOR INTL' ADMITTEES Learn more about the VISA Application, Tuition Payment, Student ID Card Issuance, Insurance, and other information necessary for international students. HOUSING Yonsei University students can reside in both Sinchon and Songdo(International) Campus dormitories. Learn more about the dormitory application process, fee, and the residential college program. UIC NEWSLETTER Interested in learning more about up-to-date news and events ongoing at UIC? UIC publishes the UIC Newsletter every semester with contents ranging from college to student and alumni news. Subscribe to our newsletter and never miss a beat! HOME ADMISSIONS How to Apply First Year Students (International) First Year Students (International) Apply Now (First Year) Key Changes Applicants who have been subject to a disciplinary measure under Article 17 of the Act on the Prevention of and Countermeasures Against School Violence shall be subject to qualitative consideration in the document evaluation. Addition of the required documents for all applicants. Unit Until AY 2026 intake From AY 2027 intake All divisions within Underwood International College Submission of English proficiency test scores is OPTIONAL. (Not required) Required to submit documents proving English proficiency or equivalents TOEFL PBT/CBT/iBT; IELTS; CEFR English Certification; IB DP English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature; AP English Language and Composition; AP English Literature and Composition (No minimum scores) OR A high school diploma(or expected graduation certificate) issued by a school located in a country where English is the sole official language(the United States, Canada excluding Quebec, the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand) OR For applicants who completed the entire high school curriculum in English(except for native language/history courses), a Medium of Instruction certificate. In the case of applicants who completed the entire high school curriculum in English but cannot obtain the Medium of Instruction certificate, the relevant fact may be certified by the high school registrar or principal using UIC's Letter of Consent & Verification form Eligibility 1. Students must either hold or expect to hold a high school diploma or a certificate of high school equivalency as defined by Article 98 of Enforcement Decree of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act before matriculating at UIC. GED, home schooling, cyber schooling, or other equivalent certificates are not considered as a high school diploma, thus does not satisfy the minimum criteria for eligibility. 2. The student must be a non-Korean with non-Korean parents as stated by Article 3 of the Nationality Act. If the student or any one of the student's parents has dual citizenship with Korea, the student is NOT eligible for the International Students Track. Foreigners who are ethnically Korean must submit legal documentation that verifies their renunciation of Korean citizenship. 3. If a student is a foreigner who is ethnically Korean, the student and both of the parents must have acquired foreign citizenships before the student entered high school in order to apply for the International Students Track, as stated the basic guidelines for university admissions. 4. Korean adoptees with a foreign nationality are eligible to apply for the International Students Track only if he/she acquired the foreign citizenship before entering elementary school (Grade 1). Application Schedule * International students can matriculate either in March or in September. Admission Round 1st Round 2nd Round (TBD) Entry Term Spring 2027 Fall 2027 Online Application 10AM on Aug. 26, 2026 - 5PM on Sept. 22, 2026 March, 2027 Online Application Deadline 5PM on Sept. 22, 2026 March, 2027 Document Submission Deadline* 5PM on Oct. 2, 2026 March, 2027 Interview (Online) Dec. 11-12, 2026 June, 2027 Admission Notification Dec. 18, 2026 June, 2027 * Document Submission means the (physical) arrival of the documents at the UIC office. 1. Hard copies of all application materials must arrive at the UIC Office by the document submission deadline. If the applicant fails to submit the required application documents by the deadline, the applicant will not be interviewed and will be disqualified. Specifically, failure to submit any of the required documents will result in disqualification. The Admissions Committee may consider an application postmarked earlier than the online application deadline as an exception. * As it is the applicant's responsibility to keep the admissions schedule, the UIC office will NOT extend the deadline under any circumstances. 2. Students are required to participate in the interview on the assigned date and time and the check-up call during the assigned period prior to the interview. 3. The UIC Office provides information on visas, tuition payment and course enrollment via the individual email addresses noted on the applications. Students entering in the spring semester (March) will receive an email in late December, and students entering in the fall semester (September) in late June. Admissions Process Document Review (200 points) The Admissions Committee makes a comprehensive and holistic review of each applicant on a 200-point scale based on academic achievements as well as non-academic accomplishments. Interview (100 points) Applicants will be interviewed by the Admissions Committee and will be graded on a 100-point scale. Total (300 points) The Admissions Committee makes an admissions decision based on a total score of comprehensive documents review as well as the interview. 1. Information regarding admissions (e.g. arrival of application, application number, date of the interview, and admissions notification) and scholarships will be provided via individual email addresses noted on the applications. * It is the applicant's responsibility to submit all the documents by the deadline, thus he/she is responsible for any disadvantages caused by not submitting the required documents. 2. Applicants who submitted the documents required for application by the deadline will receive two calls: First for the applicant verification and second for the interview. Application Materials Download Guidelines Sample Application Form Download Letter of Consent & Verification Required Documents A printed copy of your Application Form as you registered through Online Application or Common App Letter of Consent & Verification (Available on the UIC website) [Apostille/Korean Consulate Authentication] Official transcripts from all high schools attended [Apostille/Korean Consulate Authentication] Certificate of graduation or certificate of expected graduation* (in the latter case, certificate of graduation must be submitted before matriculation) English proficiency test scores or equivalents. Applicants must submit one of the following as proof of English proficiency: an official score report for a recognized English proficiency test listed below; a high school diploma(or expected graduation certificate) issued by a school located in a country where English is the sole official language(the United States, Canada excluding Quebec, the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand); or, for applicants who completed the entire high school curriculum in English except for native language/history courses, a Medium of Instruction certificate. TOEFL PBT/CBT/iBT; IELTS; CEFR English Certification; IB DP English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature AP English Language and Composition; AP English Literature and Composition (No minimum scores) If an applicant is unable to obtain an official certificate for IB DP English A: Language and Literature or English A: Literature, AP English Language and Composition; AP English Literature and Composition, the relevant fact may be certified by the high school registrar or principal using UIC's Letter of Consent & Verification form. In the case of applicants who completed the entire high school curriculum in English but cannot obtain the Medium of Instruction certificate, the relevant fact may be certified by the high school registrar or principal using UIC's Letter of Consent & Verification form. One copy of the applicant's and his/her parents' passports or ID cards One notarized copy of the applicant's birth certificate or notarized legal documentation that verifies the relationship between the applicant and his/her parents Applicants with Chinese nationality must submit notarized copies of 亲属关系证明 and 居民户口簿. [Foreigners residing in Korea] must submit the applicant's and his/her parents' Certification of Alien Registration (외국인등록사실증명) [Foreigners with Korean ethnicity] must submit legal documentation that verifies the renunciation of the applicants' and his/her parents' Korean citizenships, such as a Certificate of Family Relationship that shows Renunciation of Korean Citizenship by the Korean government, 국적상실사실 확인증명 issued from Korean Consul or 국적이탈신고 확인증명 issued from the Ministry of Justice, and notarized copy of Alien Registration Card issued after the year 2011. 국적상실(이탈)사실신고 접수증 및 신고서 is not acceptable. Receipt of application fee payment * For the documents that must obtain Apostille or Consulate Authentication before matriculating at UIC, please refer to the "Apostille/Consulate Authentication Requirement. Supplementary Documents Documents certifying the scores of high school graduation exams or higher education entrance exams listed under the Test Information (e.g. SAT, ACT, GCE-A LEVEL, IB, AP, GAO KAO, Matura, etc.). When an applicant reports the records of standardized exams (eg: Duolingo English Test, IELTS, TOEFL, SAT, AP etc.) directly to Yonsei University, they must inform [uicadm@yonsei.ac.kr] of the applicant's English name and the date of the test so that the scores can be evaluated and they must send a hard copy of the result(s) at the UIC office by post. If the student does not inform [uicadm@yonsei.ac.kr] of the reporting and, as a result, the scores are not evaluated, the responsibility lies entirely on the applicant. (ETS Institution Code: 9893, College Board Code: 7441, Duolingo Institution : Yonsei University International Admissions). Honors, awards, and qualifications attained during high school and documents that certify extra-curricular activities from high school should be filed with the List of Supplementary Documents. Provide copies with a seal affixed from the issuing institution or Notarization. Apostille/Korean Consulate Authentication Requirement Legalization of high school transcript(s) and certificate of high school graduation are possible by Apostille of Korean Consulate Authentication. In case of delay, Apostilled documents can be submitted after acceptance, by the designated date; Overseas high school (1) obtaining Apostille stamps on the documents if the student has attended or graduated from school(s) in a country that is a member of The Hague Convention (Convention Abolishing the Requirement of Legalization for Foreign Public Documents); or (2) obtaining certifications of the documents from the Korean Embassy or Consular Office in the country where student's school is located High school in China (1) CSHI report in English; or (2) Certificate of graduation with Apostille & A copy of certificate of school establishment High school in Korea Legalization is not required Apostille is issued by the government/public institution of the country in which the school is located. The consulate issue Korean Consulate Confirmation and Foreign Education Validation Confirmation. Miscellaneous Applicants must provide a full name which can be verified through legal documents, such as passport, social security card, or birth certificate. Unless stated otherwise, all documents must be originals. If an original document cannot be submitted, a copy of it should be submitted with a seal affixed by the issuing institution or Notarization. All documents must be in English. Documents in another language should be accompanied by a notarized English translation. Documents submitted during the admissions process will NOT be returned. Cancellation or changes after submission of application will NOT be accepted. Credit Transfer * UIC awards transfer credits for designated Advanced Placement (AP) examinations and International Baccalaureate Diploma Program (IB DP) subjects. If admitted students wish to transfer credits, they should submit Official AP, IB exam scores. Please visit the website and check the previous policy of UIC. Application Method and Application Fee Option 1. Direct Application to UIC Applicants must complete an online application and then send the application materials to the UIC office by post. Step 1. Online Application: Submit your Application Applicants must apply online through the UIC website. All the information that you register on the website will be kept confidential and used for admissions-related purposes only.will be kept confidential and used for admissions-related purposes only. After applicants complete an online application, they should print out the registered information and then send it to the UIC Office with other Application Materials. Registered information must be printed out and then sent to the UIC Office with other Application Materials. 'Online Application' website address: https://enter.jinhakapply.com/Notice/1108082/A Step 2. Offline Application: Submit your Application Materials to the UIC Office by the Application Deadline Address: UIC International Admissions (Daewoo Annex Hall #301) Underwood International College, Yonsei University 50 Yonsei-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul 03722, Republic of Korea Contact number: Tel : 82-2-2123-3924 [Option 1] Application Fee: KRW 150,000 (about USD 150) Option 2. Application by the Common Application Applicants must complete an online application through Common App and then send the application materials to the UIC office by post. Step 1. Online Application: Submit your Application on the Common Application website If you are applying to US schools as well as to UIC, you can use the Common Application (https://www.commonapp.org). Once you have set up a Common Application account, search for, add "Underwood International College", and complete your application. Step 2. Offline Application: Submit your Application Materials to the UIC Office by the Application Deadline Address: UIC International Admissions (Daewoo Annex Hall #301) Underwood International College, Yonsei University 50 Yonsei-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul 03722, Republic of Korea Contact number: Tel : 82-2-2123-3924 [Option 2] Application Fee: USD 150 ※ UIC does not offer/accept a fee waiver. ABOUT About UIC Faculty UIC Campuses Give Discover More UNDERGRADUATE Underwood Division (UD) Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences Division (HASSD) Integrated Science and Engineering Division (ISED) Common Curriculum Korean Studies Minor Degree Requirements Academic Resources Exclusive Programs GRADUATE Department of Innovation Department of Integrated Science and Engineering ADMISSIONS Why UIC How to Apply Tuition fee & Scholarship Information for Intl' Admittees FAQ STUDENT LIFE UIC Student Council Student Clubs Student Ambassadors(SAM) Housing Health and Counseling CAREERS Career Development Center Jobs & Internship Opportunities UIC Alumni NEWS AND EVENTS Announcements UIC Newsletter Yonsei University Portal Service LearnUs Privacy Policy Contact Us Underwood International College, Yonsei University 50 Yonsei-ro, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, 03722 Republic of Korea Copyright © 2026 Yonsei Underwood International College. All rights reserved. Display Page Loading Image Loading ... Top