Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Apply Visit Academics Toggle Navigation Menu Search Submit Apply Visit Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni About Macalester Toggle Accordion Why Macalester? About the Twin Cities Visit Macalester After Macalester Mission and History Leadership Offices and Services Contact Us Academics Admissions & Aid Toggle Accordion U.S. Admissions International Admissions Early Decision Financial Aid & Tuition Admitted Students Connect with Admissions For High School Counselors Life at Mac Toggle Accordion Residential Living Student Organizations Study Away Civic Engagement Multiculturalism Global Community Support Mac Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni Search Submit Frequently Visited: Why Macalester? A-Z Index Request Information Directory Financial Aid & Tuition Make a Gift College News College Events 1600grand G Suite/Gmail Moodle Workday International First-Year Applicants Admissions & Aid Home Admissions & Aid International First-Year Applicants Apply to Macalester Financial Aid & Tuition Dates & Deadlines Applicant Portal Admissions Visits Diversity and Inclusion Connect with Admissions For High School Counselors Request Information Applicant Portal We are glad you are taking this important next step! To help you complete your application to Macalester, use the checklist below, log into your application portal regularly, and reach out when you have questions. We are here to help. Application Deadlines Application to Macalester is completed through the Common App. Below are all the key dates associated with the application process. Early Decision I November 1 Early Action November 1 Early Decision II January 1 Regular Decision January 15 See All Dates & Deadlines START A PRELIMINARY APPLICATON: OPEN NOW Requirements for Your Application to Macalester Common App Account & Application At commonapp.org you can create an account. There are many resources to help you in your application process - including an Application Guide for First-Year Students. To secure eligibility for financial aid, students must express their interest during the application process, as financial aid cannot be awarded after an offer of admission has been made, nor at any time during their studies at Macalester. Proof of Funding Macalester requires the following two forms from students who plan to study on a non-immigrant visa (ex. F-1, L-2, etc.) and are applying for need-based financial aid. Your application will not be reviewed until both are submitted. CSS Profile OR the 2027-2028 International Student Application for Financial Assistance ( ISAFA) Submit the CSS Profile at cssprofile.collegeboard.org. Macalester does not provide CSS Profile Fee Waivers for international applicants. If you cannot afford the CSS Profile fee, Macalester will accept the free 2027-2028 ISAFA provided on the International Student webpage . Macalester Financial Declaration Form Available on your Applicant Checklist in the Macalester applicant portal after Common Application is received. Early Decision Agreement If you are applying through Early Decision, the Early Decision Agreement confirms that Macalester is your top-choice college. By signing, you commit to enrolling at Macalester if admitted and agree to withdraw all other college applications . More about Early Decision High School Transcript Request that your secondary school(s) send Macalester official transcript(s) and exam result certificate(s) (if applicable). A transcript and/or exam results submitted by the student is not considered official. Since there are multiple educational systems around the world with unique grading structures, we consider the transcript requirement on a case-by-case basis. The standard requirement for transcripts is to include grades (marks) for years 9 through 12/13 and available external exam scores. Please note : For students applying before sitting their final graduation exams, predicted/anticipated results should be included with their transcript materials. Please direct any questions about transcripts to [email protected] . Two Recommendation Letters Required: Two recommendation letters One recommendation letter from a counselor or school official One recommendation letter from a teacher - An evaluation from a teacher in one of your primary academic courses of study. Senior Year Grades Early Decision applicants must self-report in-progress senior grades using the In-Progress Grades form in your portal checklist. Grades must be submitted between the following dates: ED I between November 1 and November 18 ED II between January 1 and January 16 For international students in a non-US style curriculum, this requirement could be filled by available mock exams for the most recent term, an unofficial progress report, or (if applicable) predicted results for final graduation exams (IB, A-Levels, etc.). Regular Decision applicants must request that a school official (counselor, registrar, assistant principal, etc.) send us an updated transcript by February 15 if senior year first-term grades are not on the initial transcript. If an updated transcript is not available before February 15, please contact [email protected] . Optional Items ACT or SAT Macalester follows a Test-Optional admissions policy. Applicants can choose to submit ACT or SAT exam scores as part of their application. Regardless of the presence of test scores, all applicants receive equal consideration for admission and scholarship opportunities. Choosing not to submit test scores will not disadvantage you in our selection process. Applicants who submit test scores to our office may self-report them through the Common Application, submit them to [email protected] , or request that official scores be sent to Macalester. Macalester's testing codes are 2122 for the ACT and 6390 for the SAT. View the Test Policy for more details and data about how the Admissions Office uses testing in the selection process. Proof of English Proficiency Submission of English proficiency testing (EPT) is optional . Macalester's classes are instructed in English and only students who have a strong command of the English language (reading, writing, listening, and speaking) will be offered admission. Therefore, proof of English Proficiency is recommended for international applicants whose first language is not English AND who have spent fewer than two years in a curriculum taught primarily in English in secondary/upper secondary schooling. This could be through testing such as the TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test, or third-party interview services such as InitialView and Vericant. Applicants who choose to submit English Proficiency Test scores as part of their application may submit them through the testing agency, within the Common Application, or self-reported through the Applicant Portal after they apply. Test scores cannot be deleted once submitted and will be considered as part of our holistic review process. We may reach out to candidates to request English proficiency test results if the Admission Committee determines that it is necessary to make a decision. Interviews Due to capacity limitations, Macalester cannot accommodate requests for online interviews from international applicants (i.e. students who would be studying on a non-immigrant type visa such as an F-1). As an alternative, you may choose to submit an interview through InitialView or Vericant . These third-party interviews can help us learn more about you, but the questions will not be specific to Macalester. We realize there is a cost for these services. Interviews are optional and not having an interview does not decrease a student's chances for admission. In some instances, the Admissions Committee may decide more information about an applicant would be helpful in making a final decision. Macalester reserves the right to invite certain applicants to schedule an optional interview with a member of the international admissions team. Additional Recommendation Letter Applicants are only required and encouraged to submit the two required recommendations . However, if you wish to have an additional letter of support, we ask that you choose carefully to ensure that the additional recommendation provides a new perspective not already present in your application. Art Portfolio Macalester welcomes an optional art portfolio for students with interest in art, music, theater, or dance. Portfolio submission lets you share creative work outside the classroom. Submission carries no bearing on your intended area of study. The admission office and faculty review each submission at their discretion. Submit your samples through your applicant portal ahead of your application deadline. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Set your ideas in motion Visit Campus Apply to Mac Make a Gift Macalester College 1600 Grand Avenue Saint Paul, MN 55105-1899 USA 651-696-6000 Follow Us Students: Find Help Maps & Directions Facts About Mac Academic Calendar Areas of Study Athletics Make a Gift Arts@Mac Library Contact Us Employment Opportunities Macalester College does not discriminate on the grounds of sex, gender identity, race, color, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, marital status, familial status, pregnancy, genetic information, membership or activity in a local human rights commission, veteran status, sexual orientation, status with regard to public assistance, or other categories protected by law, in employment policies and practices, education, and all other areas of the College. For additional information, see Macalester College's full Notice of Nondiscrimination . Privacy Student Consumer Info Title IX © Macalester College 2026