Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Apply Visit Academics Toggle Navigation Menu Search Submit Apply Visit Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni About Macalester Toggle Accordion Why Macalester? About the Twin Cities Visit Macalester After Macalester Mission and History Leadership Offices and Services Contact Us Academics Admissions & Aid Toggle Accordion U.S. Admissions International Admissions Early Decision Financial Aid & Tuition Admitted Students Connect with Admissions For High School Counselors Life at Mac Toggle Accordion Residential Living Student Organizations Study Away Civic Engagement Multiculturalism Global Community Support Mac Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni Search Submit Frequently Visited: Why Macalester? A-Z Index Request Information Directory Financial Aid & Tuition Make a Gift College News College Events 1600grand G Suite/Gmail Moodle Workday Financing Options for International Students Admissions & Aid Home Admissions & Aid Financing Options for International Students Apply to Macalester Financial Aid & Tuition Dates & Deadlines Applicant Portal Admissions Visits Diversity and Inclusion Connect with Admissions For High School Counselors Request Information Applicant Portal A variety of financing tools are available to students and parents who wish to manage the cost of a Macalester education over time. Several options are below. MACALESTER COLLEGE INTERNATIONAL STUDENT LOAN (MCISL) Available to international students studying on a valid, non-immigrant visa who applied and qualified for need- based financial aid. Annual loan limits are based on the student's year in school and are outlined in the four-year financial aid letter. Macalester understands the idea of taking on a loan can be concerning for many families and therefore takes great care to ensure the MCISL is as favorable as possible. To learn more about the terms and conditions of the MCISL, visit https://www.macalester.edu/financial-aid/loans/mcisl/ . Macalester alums who encounter questions or concerns about repaying their MCISL at any point after leaving Macalester are encouraged to contact Macalester directly to explore various options. Note: Students choosing not to accept the full MCISL amount in a given year are responsible for making up the difference. Macalester cannot replace the MCISL with additional scholarship. MACALESTER COLLEGE LOAN Generally awarded to students who are in need of funds beyond the limits of the MCISL. • No payments are required and no interest accrues while half-time enrollment is maintained. • Required payments begin six months following graduation or withdrawal from Macalester. • Interest rate during repayment is fixed at 6%. • Standard repayment period is ten years. Additional information is available at: www.macalester.edu/financialaid/loans/macloan/ ALTERNATIVE EDUCATION LOANS While not common, in some cases, your country's government or local bank may offer their own loans which could be used for education purposes. These are often referred to as alternative, supplemental, or private loans. Students/families will need to check with their local bank/financial institution. Private loans should be seen as an option of last resort. MONTHLY TUITION PAYMENT PLAN For families who wish to spread out their bill payments, Macalester offers a monthly tuition payment plan. You can learn more about the timing and conditions of the program on our Student Accounts website . Information on this page should be considered to be a summary of terms and subject to future legislation. More detailed information is provided during entrance counseling or upon request. Return to Understanding Your Financial Aid Package Page Find official policies, forms, and additional information here Contact Us Please contact Sarah Paulsen , Senior Associate Director for International Admissions with specific financial aid questions. General questions about Macalester can be directed to [email protected] . To upload documents to us securely, please use the document uploader in the applicant portal . Set your ideas in motion Visit Campus Apply to Mac Make a Gift Macalester College 1600 Grand Avenue Saint Paul, MN 55105-1899 USA 651-696-6000 Follow Us Students: Find Help Maps & Directions Facts About Mac Academic Calendar Areas of Study Athletics Make a Gift Arts@Mac Library Contact Us Employment Opportunities Macalester College does not discriminate on the grounds of sex, gender identity, race, color, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, marital status, familial status, pregnancy, genetic information, membership or activity in a local human rights commission, veteran status, sexual orientation, status with regard to public assistance, or other categories protected by law, in employment policies and practices, education, and all other areas of the College. For additional information, see Macalester College's full Notice of Nondiscrimination . Privacy Student Consumer Info Title IX © Macalester College 2026