Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Apply Visit Academics Toggle Navigation Menu Search Submit Apply Visit Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni About Macalester Toggle Accordion Why Macalester? About the Twin Cities Visit Macalester After Macalester Mission and History Leadership Offices and Services Contact Us Academics Admissions & Aid Toggle Accordion U.S. Admissions International Admissions Early Decision Financial Aid & Tuition Admitted Students Connect with Admissions For High School Counselors Life at Mac Toggle Accordion Residential Living Student Organizations Study Away Civic Engagement Multiculturalism Global Community Support Mac Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni Search Submit Frequently Visited: Why Macalester? A-Z Index Request Information Directory Financial Aid & Tuition Make a Gift College News College Events 1600grand G Suite/Gmail Moodle Workday International Students Financial Aid Home Financial Aid International Students Apply for Aid About Financial Aid Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Forms Loans and Financing Student Employment Policies VA Benefits Consumer Information and Additional Resources Contact Us Contact Financial Aid 1600 Grand Avenue Saint Paul, MN, 55105, USA (Mailing Address) 651-696-6214 800-231-7974 980-410-0405 (fax) financialaid@macalester.edu Macalester's long-standing commitment to internationalism includes a significant financial aid fund for qualified international students. Applicants for financial assistance should be aware that all awards are based on need and that the competition for these funds is extremely keen. Candidates who need financial assistance are required to complete the following by November 10 (Early Decision 1 and Early Action), January 8 (Early Decision II), January 22 (Regular Decision), or March 15 (transfer applicants). CSS Profile OR International Student Application for Financial Assistance Macalester does not provide CSS Profile Fee Waivers for international applicants. If the fee to submit the CSS Profile is a financial burden, students may submit the 2027-2028 International Student Application for Financial Assistance (ISAFA) instead. Macalester Financial Declaration Form (available on the Applicant Checklist in the student's portal) International students applying for financial assistance will not be considered for admission unless both required forms are completed and submitted. International students who are not applying for financial aid must complete and submit the Financial Obligations Agreement form confirming their understanding of the financial commitment of not applying for need-based financial aid. This form is available in the applicant portal. International students not applying for aid will not be considered for admission unless this form is completed. International Students Applying for Aid Can I work to help pay for my education? Are educational loans available to international students? Will I have a better chance of being admitted to Macalester if I offer to pay for my first year and apply for financial aid after I have matriculated? Should I pursue outside scholarships, and, if I receive them, do I need to notify Macalester? Does Macalester offer special or honorary scholarships to international students? 1. Can I work to help pay for my education? All international students who qualify for financial aid are offered part-time campus work as part of their financial aid package. Earnings are meant to help students cover out-of-pocket expenses associated with being a student beyond items billed directly by Macalester, such as personal supplies. Students typically have the option to work approximately 9 hours per week on campus and earn about $3,600 (after taxes) over the course of their first year. Unlike other forms of financial aid, students must work to earn their student employment allotment. Students who choose not to work on campus cannot have their student employment amount replaced with additional scholarship. Back to top 2. Are educational loans available to international students? Yes. We offer a Macalester College International Student Loan to assist students in financing a portion of their educational expenses. Back to top 3. Will I have a better chance of being admitted to Macalester if I offer to pay for my first year and apply for financial aid after I have matriculated? No. Macalester is unable to consider applications for financial aid from international students after they have begun their studies at the college. All candidates are required to submit an accurate and thorough assessment of their financial situation as part of their application for admissions to the college. Back to top 4. Should I pursue outside scholarships, and, if I receive them, do I need to notify Macalester? Yes. All applicants are encouraged to pursue any source of funding that may help them afford their education at Macalester. Money is often available through local, national, regional, and global foundations. To maximize your chances of receiving financial aid from Macalester, it is imperative that you provide us with details of any outside assistance you have obtained. Scholarships from non-Macalester sources will be treated according to Macalester's Outside Scholarship Policy . Back to top 5. Does Macalester offer special or honorary scholarships to international students? While the majority of financial aid awarded to international students is based on financial need, Macalester does offer a merit scholarship for international students. The Charles J. Turck Presidential Honor Scholarship is awarded to a limited number of international students who demonstrate special potential to excel academically. The scholarship ranges up to $40,000 USD per year. Every international applicant is automatically considered for the Turck Scholarship - no special application is required. Back to top Set your ideas in motion Visit Campus Apply to Mac Make a Gift Macalester College 1600 Grand Avenue Saint Paul, MN 55105-1899 USA 651-696-6000 Follow Us Students: Find Help Maps & Directions Facts About Mac Academic Calendar Areas of Study Athletics Make a Gift Arts@Mac Library Contact Us Employment Opportunities Macalester College does not discriminate on the grounds of sex, gender identity, race, color, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, marital status, familial status, pregnancy, genetic information, membership or activity in a local human rights commission, veteran status, sexual orientation, status with regard to public assistance, or other categories protected by law, in employment policies and practices, education, and all other areas of the College. For additional information, see Macalester College's full Notice of Nondiscrimination . Privacy Student Consumer Info Title IX © Macalester College 2026