Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Apply Visit Academics Toggle Navigation Menu Search Submit Apply Visit Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni About Macalester Toggle Accordion Why Macalester? About the Twin Cities Visit Macalester After Macalester Mission and History Leadership Offices and Services Contact Us Academics Admissions & Aid Toggle Accordion U.S. Admissions International Admissions Early Decision Financial Aid & Tuition Admitted Students Connect with Admissions For High School Counselors Life at Mac Toggle Accordion Residential Living Student Organizations Study Away Civic Engagement Multiculturalism Global Community Support Mac Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Parents & Families Alumni Search Submit Frequently Visited: Why Macalester? A-Z Index Request Information Directory Financial Aid & Tuition Make a Gift College News College Events 1600grand G Suite/Gmail Moodle Workday International First-Year FAQs Admissions & Aid Home Admissions & Aid International First-Year FAQs Apply to Macalester Financial Aid & Tuition Dates & Deadlines Applicant Portal Admissions Visits Diversity and Inclusion Connect with Admissions For High School Counselors Request Information Applicant Portal Question Topics Academics Application and Selection Financial Aid Communication Community Academics What do you mean when you say Macalester is a "liberal arts" college? A liberal arts and sciences education provides students with a broad foundation of knowledge in the natural sciences, mathematics, the social sciences, the humanities and the fine arts. Students also focus on a field of study (a "major") and demonstrate mastery of the intellectual building blocks and methodologies of that academic discipline. In contrast to an education that emphasizes narrow technical or vocation training, a liberal arts education will develop the critical thinking and communication skills that will equip graduates to adapt to a rapidly changing world. What degrees does Macalester offer? Macalester College offers programs leading to the Bachelor of Arts degree with majors in 39 areas of study as well as 40 minors and 11 concentrations. Students are not required to officially declare a major until the end of their second year. For detailed information on areas of study go to Academics at Macalester . Is it possible to receive credit from Macalester for International Baccalaureate, A level, and/or advanced placement exams? Students whose scores on Higher Level Examinations of the International Baccalaureate Program are 5, 6, or 7 may receive the equivalent of four or eight semester hours of credit for each such examination. Information on the evaluation of scores for Standard Level Examinations from the International Baccalaureate program will be available in the Fall of 2026 on the Registrar's webpage . Credit is determined by the appropriate academic department on an individual basis. How does Macalester provide academic advising to its students? The summer before their first semester, students register for a First-Year Course, which connects them to their academic advisor. After the first semester, students may keep their advisor and/or choose other advisors that align to their primary academic area of interest when they formally declare their major (academic specialty). This occurs no later than the end of the second year. Back to Top APPLICATION AND SELECTION I am an international student attending high school in the United States. How will my application be evaluated? Macalester's Admissions staff read applications based on the secondary school a student is attending/attended at the completion of their secondary education, regardless of their citizenship status. International students completing their secondary education in the United States will be read primarily by the admission officer responsible for the state or region in which a student's high school is located. Find your admission officer . If a student has not spent all four years of high school in the U.S., they will need to provide transcripts from their school/s overseas, translated into English if necessary, along with their transcript from their current high school in the U.S. In the event students present transcripts from a school not in the U.S. as part of their academic record, the admission officer responsible for the application will work with a member of the international admissions team to ensure they understand the proper context of the student's overseas curriculum. I am a U.S. Citizen/Permanent Resident attending school outside the United States. Am I considered an international student? Macalester's Admission staff read applications based on the secondary school a student is attending/attended at the completion of their secondary education, regardless of their citizenship status. U.S. citizens/permanent residents completing secondary school overseas will be read by the international admissions team. This policy ensures the student's transcript and education experience are understood within the proper context of their curriculum. The major difference for U.S. citizens/permanent residents living overseas involves the process of applying for financial aid. Unlike non-citizens, students holding U.S. citizenship/permanent residency will file the FAFSA as well as the CSS Profile since they are eligible for U.S. federal financial aid funds. Learn more on our financial aid website . I am an undocumented/DACA student. Can I apply to Macalester? What is Macalester's admissions policy? Macalester's long-standing commitment to internationalism and multiculturalism includes supporting and fully reviewing applications from students who identify as undocumented or who have Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status. Visit our Undocumented Students page for more information about application requirements, admission policy, and financial aid for students who are undocumented or hold DACA status. I am a student who identifies as a refugee/displaced person/asylum seeker/stateless person, but I do not have legal refugee/asylee status in the United States. Can I apply to Macalester? Macalester welcomes all students who have experienced the effects of displacement to apply and will ensure applications are given full consideration regardless of their official status. Students who hold this identity are encouraged to visit our Refugee, Displaced Person, Asylum Seeker and Stateless Applicants website for more information about application requirements, admission policy, and financial aid. I am a student who is a citizen of a country impacted by the current "travel ban." Can I apply for admission? The President of the United States has issued an executive order expanding the number of countries under a "travel ban." Please carefully review the full list of countries listed in the Executive Order carefully to see if you are impacted. The expanded ban went into effect on January 1, 2026. This ban means students from the named countries (including those named as "partially restricted") are not eligible for new F or J (student and exchange) non-immigrant visas. All students are welcome to pursue the application process. That said, we cannot guarantee travel ban policies will have changed in time for students to travel to campus in the event they are offered admission. Macalester College does not offer online classes, nor do we have satellite campuses or university partnerships outside of the United States. Given the time, energy, and resources required to complete our application, we recommend that impacted students consider these factors when deciding if they wish to pursue the application process. What does Macalester look for in deciding which international students will be offered admission? Admission to Macalester is highly selective, particularly for international students. The overall international student admit rate has ranged between 6% and 11% within the past few years. We are seeking students who have the potential to thrive in our rigorous academic program and will also be engaged and contributing members of the Macalester community. Academic Factors Review of your application will begin with a thorough analysis of your academic preparation and secondary school performance. School systems vary a great deal and we always look at an applicant's secondary school record in the context of the system in which they were educated. Whatever the system, we look for evidence that the applicant has performed at a very high level academically and has taken a rigorous curriculum. Since there are multiple educational systems around the world with unique grading structures, we consider the transcript requirement on a case-by-case basis. The standard requirement for transcripts to include grades (marks) for years 9 through 12 and available external exam scores. Please direct any questions about transcripts to [email protected] . Personal and Engagement Factors Many other things are considered as we evaluate an applicant's potential to be a successful and engaged member of the Macalester community, including personal qualities, experiences and background, talents, etc. We will look for that information in your application, essays and recommendations, among other things. Other Factors The admission round through which a student applies can play a role in admission decisions as well. For example, acceptance rates for international students tend to be a bit higher in the binding early decision rounds due to the relatively small size of the ED pool and the knowledge that Macalester is a first-choice school. Information about Early Decision . Financial need also plays a role in admission decisions. This is necessary in order for Macalester to make sure our financial aid budget meets our promise of meeting 100% of demonstrated need for every student we admit. International students with the highest levels of financial need (contributions of less than $40,000 USD) face the greatest levels of competition in the selection process. In recent years, Macalester has given extra consideration to international students needing significant financial aid who apply in an Early Decision round. While competition for admission remains quite high, Early Decision can provide a small edge. Does Macalester require that applicants submit SAT exam scores? Macalester follows a Test Optional admissions policy. Applicants can choose to submit ACT, SAT, and AP exam scores as part of their application. International students enrolled in IB programs are required to submit IB exam scores . Regardless of the presence of test scores, all applicants receive equal consideration for admission and scholarship opportunities. Choosing not to submit test scores will not disadvantage you in our selection process. Applicants who submit test scores to our office may self-report them through the Common Application, submit them to [email protected] , or request that official scores be sent to Macalester. Macalester's testing codes are 2122 for the ACT and 6390 for the SAT. View the Test Policy for more details and data about how the Admissions Office uses testing in the selection process. For the Class of 2029, 63% of international applicants and 61% of admitted international students did not have an ACT or SAT score considered with their application. How will Macalester use SAT or ACT exams if I choose to submit them? SAT and ACT scores are considered as an additional data point when considering a student's academic preparation and potential. These exams are often very different from the exams that international students have taken previously. We recognize students overseas have fewer opportunities to prepare for and take the SAT or ACT multiple times. Therefore, Macalester does not have a minimum score nor do we rank applicants on the basis of their SAT or ACT scores. Register for the SAT on the College Board website . Macalester's code for the ACT is 6390. Are all international applicants required to submit TOEFL exam results? You are not required to submit English proficiency scores. Submission of English proficiency testing (EPT) is optional . Macalester's classes are instructed in English and only students who have a strong command of the English language (reading, writing, listening, and speaking) will be offered admission. Therefore, proof of English Proficiency is recommended for international applicants whose first language is not English AND who have spent fewer than two years in a curriculum taught primarily in English in secondary/upper secondary schooling. This could be through testing such as the TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test, or third-party interview services such as InitialView and Vericant. Applicants who choose to submit English Proficiency Test scores as part of their application may submit them through the testing agency, within the Common Application, or self-reported through the Applicant Portal after they apply. Test scores cannot be deleted once submitted and will be considered as part of our holistic review process. We may reach out to candidates to request English proficiency test results if the Admission Committee determines that it is necessary to make a decision. What is Macalester's minimum English Proficiency Test score requirement for admission? Submission of English proficiency testing (EPT) is optional. Macalester's classes are instructed in English and only students who have a strong command of the English language (reading, writing, listening, and speaking) will be offered admission. Therefore, proof of English Proficiency is recommended for international applicants whose first language is not English AND who have spent fewer than two years in a curriculum taught primarily in English in secondary/upper secondary schooling. This could be through testing such as the TOEFL, TOEFL Essentials, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test, or third-party interview services such as InitialView and Vericant. While Macalester does not have minimum score requirements, of students who choose to submit EPT scores, we find the students scoring the following are the most successful in the Macalester classroom: ibTOEFL Tests taken after January 2026: minimum score of 5.0 or higher ibTOEFL Tests taken before January 2026: minimum 100 or higher IELTS: Minimum 7.0 or higher Duolingo English Test (DET): Minimum 130 or higher Macalester does not consider superscored EPTs, including the TOEFL "My Best Score." Applicants wishing to have subscores from multiple test dates considered must include full scores from each test date. What is Macalester's minimum SAT score? Macalester follows a Test Optional admissions policy. Applicants can choose to submit ACT, SAT, and AP exam scores as part of their application. International students enrolled in IB programs are required to submit IB exam scores . For students who choose to submit SAT or ACT scores, Macalester does not have a minimum score requirement for the SAT or ACT, nor does it rank applicants on the basis of SAT or ACT scores. The value of the SAT or ACT results varies significantly from case to case and it is always only one piece of information among many that we use in evaluating an applicant's potential to thrive academically at Macalester. View the Test Policy page for more details and data about how the Admissions Office uses testing in the selection process. View the Test Policy page for more details and data about how the Admissions Office uses testing in the selection process. If I take a standardized or English proficiency exam (ibTOEFL or IELTS) in December, will those results be considered as part of my Regular Decision application? What about my Early Decision I or Early Action application? Results from standardized tests or English proficiency exams (ibTOEFL, IELTS, or DET) taken in December will not be received in time to be considered as part of the Early Decision 1 or Early Action application. Must I submit official SAT/ACT and English Proficiency Exam reports directly from the testing agency? The submission of English Proficiency Exam scores is optional for all international applicants. Applicants who wish to include English Proficiency Testing as part of their application have several options for submitting scores. The submission of official scores for the ibTOEFL and IELTS tests may present a financial barrier to some students. As we do not wish to constrain an applicant's ability to apply to a diverse set of institutions, we will accept self-reported test scores for these tests. Students submitting the Duolingo English Test or TOEFL Essentials test must submit official results through the testing agency. There is no additional fee to submit DET or TOEFL Essentials results to Macalester. Learn more about our Testing Policy If I have been taking O Level / A Level type curriculum, are A level results required? Students who have only completed the O Levels will not be considered for admission to Macalester. A Level students must submit final O, AS (where available) and A Level results for evaluation. If final A Level results are not available by the application deadline, predicted scores must be submitted instead. This requirement also applies to students who have been educated in countries with similar exam-based educational systems. Should my high school transcripts and letters of recommendation be submitted in the original language or translated into English? Every applicant must have their official transcripts with the school seal stamp and official signature sent to Macalester directly by a school official. If the transcript is not in English, the applicant should make sure an English translation of the transcript with the name and position of the person who translated the document is included with the copy of the original transcript. Students for whom the cost of having documents professionally translated is a burden may see if an English teacher at their school will translate the documents. (Be sure to make your request well in advance of application deadlines!) If we have any concerns about any school documents, we will contact the school in order to verify the authenticity of the credentials. My school does not have a "University Counselor," so who should complete the secondary school report? Your high school/secondary school principal, head of school, Head Teacher, or other designated school official may complete this recommendation form. This individual should identify their official role at the school. The form should not be completed by an agent or anyone other than a school employee. May I submit my academic credentials by mail? Must all application materials be submitted at the same time? All applicants must apply online and use the upload feature in their Applicant Portal to send any supporting materials and financial aid forms. It is preferred that secondary schools submit credentials (exam scores, transcript, letters of recommendation, admissions exams) digitally. Only materials sent directly from the high school/secondary school and testing center may be sent by mail. Credentials sent by mail will require longer processing times. Check your Applicant Portal for the status of your credentials. You may submit all of your documents at once or as they become available. Make sure that each document includes your name as it appears on your application. My mid-year grades will not be available by the application deadline - will that be an obstacle to my admission? Macalester recognizes that secondary schools around the world run on a wide range of academic calendars and in many cases mid-year grades may not be available by the application deadline. Early Decision applicants must self-report in-progress senior grades using the In-Progress Grades form in their portal checklist. Grades must be submitted between the following dates: ED I between November 1 and November 18 ED II between January 1 and January 16 For international students in a non-US style curriculum, this requirement could be filled by available mock exams for the most recent term, an unofficial progress report, or (if applicable) predicted results for final graduation exams (IB, A-Levels, etc). Early Action applicants are not required to submit in-progress fall term grades. This policy ensures a streamlined and equitable evaluation for all applicants , regardless of high school context or grading schedules. All applications will be reviewed holistically based on the materials submitted. Regular Decision applicants must request that a school official (example: counselor or registrar) send us an updated transcript by February 15 if senior year first-term grades are not on the initial transcript. If an updated transcript is not available before February 15, please contact [email protected] . Do you have an additional supplement question in the Common Application? The Macalester member section has two optional essay prompts specific to Macalester. Macalester is one of the few highly selective liberal arts colleges located in the heart of a metropolitan area. Identify one way Macalester's location in the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul would enhance your academic, social, or community experience. Four values guide Macalester's mission: academic distinction, internationalism, multiculturalism, and service to society. Guided by these values, Macalester is a learning environment that affirms different identities and experiences and prepares graduates to work toward a more just and peaceful world. In what ways do your lived experiences, perspectives, or hopes for your college education connect with Macalester's mission and community? May I submit supplementary materials with my Macalester application? In most cases the required application materials are sufficient for an applicant to convey the information we need in order to evaluate their candidacy. However, we welcome additional writing samples, recommendations and other items if you feel they will supplement the information in your application in an important way. Supplementary materials may be submitted using the "Document Uploader" available in the student's applicant portal. Can I submit an art portfolio or samples of my work? Yes. A portfolio is not required for admission. Students with interest in art, music, theater, or dance are welcome to submit one as an optional item in the Applicant Portal. Locate the Arts Portfolio submission form. Choose your category, describe your media or sample type, then upload your work. The admission office and faculty review each submission at their discretion. A portfolio submission carries no bearing on your intended area of study. Are admissions interviews required? Can I have an admissions interview? Due to capacity limitations, Macalester cannot accommodate requests for evaluative online interviews from international applicants (i.e. students who would be studying on a non-immigrant type visa such as an F-1). More information and alternatives are available on the International Applicants website . International students with specific questions about the application and financial aid processes are welcome to connect with a member of the counseling staff for an informal chat. Counselor chats are not part of the application process and do not increase chances of admission. Early Decision? Early Action? Regular Decision? Which application round should I choose? Choosing an admission round is an important and personal decision. More information about deadlines and which round may be right for you is available on our " When Should I apply?" website . International applicants should also consider the following: The admission round through which a student applies can play a role in admission decisions. For example, acceptance rates for international students tend to be a bit higher in the binding early decision rounds due to the relatively small size of the ED pool and the knowledge that Macalester is a first-choice school. In recent years, Macalester has given extra consideration to international students needing significant financial aid who apply in an Early Decision round. While competition for admission remains quite high, Early Decision can provide a small edge. What should I do if I cannot submit my application by the published deadline due to illness, internet outages, or other natural or manmade disasters impacting my country? Macalester Admissions staff are committed to supporting applicants affected by circumstances beyond their control (such as severe illness, internet blackouts, natural or manmade disasters, etc.) that prevent them from submitting the Common Application by our published deadlines . As soon as you are able, please contact our office at [email protected] to explain your circumstances. In many cases, we are able to grant an extension. However, please be aware there is a limit to how much of an extension can be granted due to the time required to review and make decisions for each application round. What is Macalester's policy on the use of AI in college essays? We believe AI can be a helpful tool in the writing process. Like any form of application assistance, we encourage students to use it responsibly. If you decide to utilize programs like ChatGPT, treat them like a teacher-AI can help edit or organize pre-existing ideas, but ultimately, your writing should be your own. AI usage becomes problematic when it creates rather than refines text. A copy-and-paste approach hinders your development as a writer, and if you were to use this method as a Mac student, you'd be in likely violation of academic integrity policies on campus. Similarly, AI struggles to fulfill the essay's core purpose: showcasing student personality. We walk away from the best essays feeling like we got to know you. Tools like ChatGPT, which produce generic, unimaginative writing, often sanitize the student voice we're looking for. Your perspective matters more than anything else in this process-and as long as you're being your authentic self, we know you can write an essay we'll love to read. Back to Top FINANCIAL AID I will need financial assistance in order to be able to attend Macalester-does that hurt my chances of admission? Macalester's broad international representation is made possible in great measure by a significant institutional commitment to providing financial assistance to international students. We are committed to meeting the full demonstrated financial need of every student we admit. Unfortunately, our financial aid budget is not unlimited. International students with the highest levels of financial need (contributions of less than $40,000 USD) face the greatest levels of competition in the selection process. In recent years, Macalester has given extra consideration to international students needing significant financial aid who apply in an Early Decision round. While competition for admission remains quite high, Early Decision can provide a small edge. It is best to be honest in the application process. Families that will require need-based scholarships at any point during the four years of study must apply for that aid at the time of application. Students who do not apply for need-based scholarships at the time of application will not be considered for such scholarships or aid after an offer of admission is made or at any time during study at Macalester. How much financial aid does Macalester offer? Macalester is committed to meeting the full demonstrated need of every enrolling student. "Demonstrated Need" is calculated by Macalester using a student's financial aid application forms to determine how much (if anything) a student's family can pay towards their education costs. That "Expected Family Contribution" is then subtracted from the College's "Estimated Cost of Attendance" for the upcoming academic year. The "Estimated Cost of Attendance" includes costs for tuition, housing, meals, health insurance, and estimated costs for supplies. The difference between the calculated "Estimated Family Contribution" and the College's "Estimated Cost of Attendance" is a student's "Demonstrated Need." Academic factors such as test scores do not influence the calculation of demonstrated need. What does Macalester scholarships and aid cover? Can I get a 100% scholarship? Macalester is committed to meeting the full demonstrated financial need of every student we admit up to our estimated cost of attendance. There is no minimum family contribution. Rather we use the financial aid application materials to calculate a student's Expected Family Contribution (EFC) and subtract this amount from our estimated cost of attendance to determine a student's demonstrated financial need. For some families, their EFC could be $0 and therefore their financial aid package would cover all of the estimated cost of attendance (tuition, housing, meals, health insurance, estimated costs for books and supplies, etc.). That said, while most costs are covered by Macalester's financial aid, not all costs are . For example, international students should anticipate additional costs before arriving in the U.S. associated with applying for an F-1 visa, as well as potential additional out-of-pocket expenses during longer winter and summer breaks. Students who are offered admission and qualify for need-based aid can expect a four-year financial aid package that is made up of scholarships (gift aid), a small Macalester College International Student Loan , and campus employment. Does Macalester offer Merit Scholarships to international students? The Charles J. Turck Presidential Honor Scholarship is awarded to a select number of international students who demonstrate special potential.to excel academically. The scholarship ranges up to $40,000 USD per year. Every international applicant is automatically considered for the Turck Scholarship regardless of whether they submit SAT/ACT scores or not - no special application is required. When will I hear if I will receive financial aid from Macalester? Students who have applied for need-based financial aid and qualify will receive information about any financial aid they have been awarded within 24 hours of when they are notified of their admissions decision. Merit scholarship recipients will be notified at the same time they receive their offer of admission. What are the components of a financial aid package? Macalester is committed to meeting the full demonstrated need of every enrolling student. Below is further information about the financial aid package. A financial aid package from Macalester College will usually include: Grants (gift aid): Grants make up more than 80% of the financial aid distributed by Macalester. The vast majority of these grants and scholarships come from Macalester, primarily funded by gifts from alumni and friends of the college. Grants do not need to be repaid. Student Employment: Students typically have the option to work approximately 9 hours per week on campus. Total earnings in a given year are capped to ensure students have time to be fully involved in their studies and campus life. For example, international students who qualify for Student Employment in the 2026-2027 academic year are eligible to earn a maximum of $4,500 (before taxes). Unlike other forms of financial aid, students must work to earn their student employment allotment. Students who choose not to work on campus cannot have their student employment amount replaced with additional scholarship. Student Loans: Small loans may be a component of an international student's financial aid package. To learn more, please visit our Loans and Financing webpage . Back to Top COMMUNICATION If I have questions that are not answered by the Macalester website, who should I contact? We strongly encourage prospective international students to complete our online Information Form . This will make it easier for us to share information with you quickly and efficiently. If, however, you have a question that has not been answered on our website or by the communications we send you once you have filled out the online inquiry form, please email us at [email protected] . Include your full name, country of citizenship and your high school in your email. If I don't have any additional questions, why should I get on the Macalester mailing list? Getting on our mailing list not only makes it easier for us to provide you with important information about Macalester, it will make it possible for us to notify you if an admissions counselor or other member of the Macalester community will be in your area. If I do get on the Macalester mailing list, how will you communicate with me? Our experience is that the most efficient and reliable means of communicating with international students is through email. Is it possible for me to contact a current Macalester student? If you would like to communicate with a current student, please email [email protected] . Back to Top COMMUNITY How "International" is Macalester? Macalester is one of the most culturally diverse communities you will find at any undergraduate college in the United States. In each entering class approximately 14% to 18% of the students are international and the student body includes citizens of over 100 countries. Macalester's US domestic students are often bi-cultural or have spent a significant amount of time living in a country other than the U.S. The academic program also is infused with many opportunities to study other languages, literatures, histories, religions and political systems, all while students pursue interests in economics and STEM. How do international students adapt to being part of the Macalester community? Macalester's international students come from a wide variety of backgrounds and each student's transition is unique. The College has a strong support system in place to help students as they adjust to life in the U.S. and at college. Key among these support systems is the department of International Student Programs . It is worth noting that around 90% of the international students who enroll at Macalester complete their degree. Do all Macalester students live on campus? All students are required to live on campus for their first three years. Students have the option of moving off-campus for their senior year. Macalester will be opening a new residence hall in fall 2027 with 224 beds for upper-year students. If I can't return home during breaks, can I stay on campus? Residence halls remain open during short breaks such as fall break in October, Thanksgiving break in November, and Spring Break in March. Winter Break: The residence halls close over winter break for two weeks, starting on the day after finals end until usually January 2nd. However, students may make a special request to remain on campus during these two weeks. While services like campus dining are closed, students do have access to a small kitchen facility. After January 2, all international students who apply at the end of fall term for January housing may move back into the dorms. Summer Break: Macalester does not offer a Summer Academic Term. However, many students remain in the Twin Cities to take advantage of summer research, internships, or on campus employment. Many off-campus options are available and International Student Programs can help direct students to resources like the Macalester Housing Facebook page. On campus housing is available for students participating in Macalester sponsored research, internships, or campus employment. More about Summer and Winter Break Macalester financial aid does not apply to summer breaks. Students remaining in the U.S. should be prepared to support themselves. International Student Programs and Career Explorations can help students regarding employment authorization related to their major. Back to Top Frequently Asked Questions for All Students Learn more Set your ideas in motion Visit Campus Apply to Mac Make a Gift Macalester College 1600 Grand Avenue Saint Paul, MN 55105-1899 USA 651-696-6000 Follow Us Students: Find Help Maps & Directions Facts About Mac Academic Calendar Areas of Study Athletics Make a Gift Arts@Mac Library Contact Us Employment Opportunities Macalester College does not discriminate on the grounds of sex, gender identity, race, color, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, marital status, familial status, pregnancy, genetic information, membership or activity in a local human rights commission, veteran status, sexual orientation, status with regard to public assistance, or other categories protected by law, in employment policies and practices, education, and all other areas of the College. For additional information, see Macalester College's full Notice of Nondiscrimination . Privacy Student Consumer Info Title IX © Macalester College 2026