Welcome to Institute for International Students, Nanjing University! English 中文 Homepage Admissions Chinese Language Training Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Doctorate Programs Degree Programs Taught in English Featured Programs Costs Registration Fee Tuition Other Costs Online Payment Instructions Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Nanjing Municipal Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Confucius China Studies Program Application Q&A Application Chinese Proficiency Test Campus Life Campus Life Downloads Downloads 导航 Homepage Admissions Chinese Language Training Long-term Trainings Short-term Sessions Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Doctorate Programs Degree Programs Taught in English Featured Programs Costs Registration Fee Tuition Other Costs Online Payment Instructions Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Nanjing Municipal Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Confucius China Studies Program Application Q&A Application Chinese Proficiency Test Campus Life Campus Life Downloads Downloads Bachelor's Programs Homepage > Bachelor's Programs Homepage Admissions Chinese Language Training Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Doctorate Programs Degree Programs Taught in English Featured Programs Bachelor's Programs Application Requirement General: 18 years of age or above, in good health with valid Non-Chinese passport, and an educational background of completed high school or above;Applicants from mainland China，Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan should meet the relevant regulations of the ministry of education. For details please refer to the official website of the institute for international students of Nanjing University. All majors in the undergraduate program are taught in Chinese. applicants need to have good chinese proficiency. *Starting from the 2026/2027 academic year, applicants are required to take the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA), and submit the test report. Application Procedure Apply online at http://istudy.nju.edu.cn/ , fill in the application form, submit and upload the required application materials： ① Application Form for International Students of Nanjing University (generated automatically during online application)； ② Passport copy (Applicants in mainland China are also required to provide a copy of the current valid visa page or residence permit page); ③ Copy of high school graduation certificate , or original verification of expected graduation for applicants who are yet to graduate; ④ Original or notarized copy of the full high school score report ; ⑤ Copy of HSK certificate, score at least 180 on the HSK (level 5) ; (or printed HSK score webpage, original certificate to be checked at registration);transfer students majoring in Chinese language (junior year) should score above HSK6 grade 180; There not required for applicants who have received 12-year Chinese education in Malaysia and Singapore; ⑥ Test report of the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) ; Starting from the 2026/2027 academic year, all international students applying for undergraduate programs are required to take the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA), and submit the test report. This assessment organized by the China Scholarship Council on behalf of the Ministry of Education of China. *The test service will be provided regularly with five tests per year in January, March, April, June, and December. For test schedules, testing methods, fee standards, etc., please visit the official website of CSCA ( www.csca.cn ).For detailed subject requirements, please refer to "Catalog of Undergraduate Programs 2026" https://hwxy.nju.edu.cn/lxnd/zsxx/bkxm/zyml/index.html . Deadline for submitting Scores to NJU is May 15, 2026; ⑦ Two letters of recommendation (must be original in Chinese or English); ⑧ Personal Statement ; r Additional material: *Major of English applicants : English Proficiency Level IELTS test score 5.5 or above / TOEFL test score 70 or above.（Nanjing University TOEFL Institution Code Number：C288）; Major of Architecture applicants : shall be submitted documents of professional skills or knowledge or architecture works. *Standardized test scores such as A-Level, AP, ACT, IB, SAT, and AST can be submitted, with a validity period of two years. Application duration schedule (The application time is subject to the official website) March to May Online application，physical examination, consultation, written examination and interview. June to August Check the application progress, receive admission notice and visa form. September Register according to the schedule of the Nanjing University (check the Admission Notice for specific registration dates.) Costs (in RMB) (Paid after the enrollment) Online Application Fee: ￥500 Tuition Fee: ￥21,000 per academic year for liberal arts programs; ￥24,000 per academic year for science and business programs; ￥32,000 per academic year for programs of the Software Institute; ￥42,000 per academic year for programs of the Medical School. Accommodation Nanjing University has different specifications of international students dormitories. Any question please e-mail: carolinechen@nju.edu.cn or phone call +86-25-83593616. Contact us Institute for International Students, Nanjing University Add: Office 514 , Zeng Xianzi Building, 18 Jinyin Street, Nanjing 210008, China Website: http://hwxy.nju.edu.cn *Self-funded Tel: +86-25-83595068 E-mail: qianyue@nju.edu.cn *Chinese Government Scholarship（CSC） Tel: +86-25-83594535 E-mail: wangdongxu@nju.edu.cn Bachelor's Programs