Welcome to Institute for International Students, Nanjing University! English 中文 Homepage Admissions Chinese Language Training Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Doctorate Programs Degree Programs Taught in English Featured Programs Costs Registration Fee Tuition Other Costs Online Payment Instructions Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Nanjing Municipal Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Confucius China Studies Program Application Q&A Application Chinese Proficiency Test Campus Life Campus Life Downloads Downloads 导航 Homepage Admissions Chinese Language Training Long-term Trainings Short-term Sessions Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Doctorate Programs Degree Programs Taught in English Featured Programs Costs Registration Fee Tuition Other Costs Online Payment Instructions Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Nanjing Municipal Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Confucius China Studies Program Application Q&A Application Chinese Proficiency Test Campus Life Campus Life Downloads Downloads Q&A Homepage > Q&A Homepage Application Q&A Application Chinese Proficiency Test 疑问与解答（Q&A） 地理位置Location 1.关于南京 About Nanjing 南京在哪儿？Where is Nanjing? 南京地处中国东部、长江下游，距上海约305公里，是江苏省的省会、中国东部地区重要的中心城市、全国重要的科研教育基地和综合交通枢纽。 Nanjing is located in East China and belongs to the Middle-lower Yangtze Plain. Roughly 305 km away from Shanghai, it is the capital of Jiangsu Province, an important city in the East China region, as well as a significant science and education centre and comprehensive transportation junction in China. 南京有多大？How big is Nanjing? 全市总面积6587km²，至2017年，常住人口为833.5万人。 The city covers around 6,587 km², with a population of 8.335 million by 2017. 南京的气候怎么样？What's the climate like in Nanjing? 南京属北亚热带湿润气候，春秋较短，冬夏较长，气候温和。雨水充沛，常年平均降雨117天。年平均温度15.4°C，夏季最高气温约38°C，冬季最低气温约-10°C。 Nanjing has a mild and humid subtropical climate. Spring and autumn in Nanjing are quite short, while summer and winter are in comparison relatively long. The mean annual temperature is around 15.4 °C. The highest temperature in summer is about 38°C, and the lowest temperature in winter can reach -10°C. 南京有哪些有名的旅游景点？What famous tourist resorts does Nanjing have? 南京是首批中国优秀旅游城市、国家历史文化名城。著名旅游景点包括中山陵、明孝陵、夫子庙、玄武湖、总统府、南京大屠杀纪念馆等。 Nanjing is honoured among the first batch of "the Top Tourist Cities of China", and is one of the state-listed famous historical and culture cities. The most famous tourist resorts of the city are Dr. Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum, Ming Xiaoling Mausoleum, Confucius Temple, Xuanwu Lake, Former Presidential Residence ,Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hal,etc. 2.关于南大 About NJU 南京大学在哪儿？Where is Nanjing University located? 南京大学目前拥有仙林校区、鼓楼校区两个校区。仙林校区为主校区，位于南京东部的仙林大学城，总建筑规模约120万平方米。鼓楼校区在南京市的中心区域，占地约54万平方米。 在鼓楼校区学习的学生： 学习语言的普通进修生，所有院系的大一年级本科生，海外教育学院汉语言专业 1-4 年级本科生，物理学院、工程管理学院、软件学院、建筑与城市规划学院、商学院、医学院、艺术学院、法学院、海外教育学院汉语国际教育硕士生、智能软件与工程学院硕士、数学系部分硕士生、博士生和高级进修生。 在仙林校区学习的学生：除上面提到的学生类型以外的学生。 * 如无法确定在哪个校区，请和所在院系联系。 Nanjing University currently has two campuses. The main campus is Xianlin Campus, which covers about 1.2 million m², in East Nanjing's Xianlin college town. The other, Gulou Campus is located in the downtown area, covering around 540 thousand m². Students studying in Gulou Campus: language students, undergraduate freshmen of all institutes, undergraduate students of Chinese language major of Institute for International Students, Physics Institute, Engineering Management Institute, Software Institute, Architecture and Urban Planning Institute, Business Institute, Medicine Institute, Art Institute, Law Institute, Master of Institute for International Students, Master of Intelligent Software and Engineering Institute, master's and doctoral students of Mathematics Institute. Students studying in Xianlin Campus: Students other than the types of students mentioned above. *Check with your department if you are unsure of the campus and grade where your department located. 3.怎么到达南京大学？How do I get to Nanjing University? 如何到达仙林校区？ （1） 留学生到上海浦东机场后，可在上海站或上海虹桥站乘坐火车前往南京。从上海发往南京的火车约半小时一班。 （2）留学生到南京后，可通过下列途径前往南京大学仙林校区留学生公寓（21幢）： ①从南京站到南京大学仙林校区留学生公寓（21幢）约18公里，可乘坐： a. 出租车：车费约70元。 b. 地铁：在地铁南京站乘坐地铁1号线（中国药科大学方向），在新街口站下车，换乘2号线（经天路方向）；在南大仙林校区站下车（1号口），步行30分钟可到达。 ②从南京南站到南京大学仙林校区留学生公寓（21幢）约30公里，可乘坐： a. 出租车：车费约100元。 b. 地铁：在地铁南京南站乘坐地铁1号线 (迈皋桥方向) ，在新街口站下车，换乘2号线（经天路方向）；在南大仙林校区站下车（1号口），步行30分钟可到达。 ③从南京禄口国际机场到南京大学仙林校区留学生公寓（21幢）约60公里，可乘坐： a. 机场大巴：乘坐机场大巴（如乘1号线，在南京站下车；如乘2号线，在中华门地铁站下车），车费25元，然后换乘出租车，车费约50元。 b. 出租车：车费约150至200元。 c. 地铁：在地铁禄口机场站乘坐地铁机场线（南京南站方向），在南京南站下车，换乘1号线（迈皋桥方向）；在新街口站下车，换乘2号线（经天路方向）；在南大仙林校区站下车（1号口），步行30分钟可到达。 How do I get to Xianlin Campus? The Address of Dormitory for International Students (Xianlin Campus): Dorm 21st, 163 Xianlin Street, Qixia District, Nanjing From Shanghai Pudong Airport to Nanjing: Take a train to Nanjing from either Shanghai Railway Station or Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station. There are trains leaving for Nanjing every half an hour. ①From Nanjing Railway Station to Xianlin campus (about 18 km): a. By Taxi: It will cost you about RMB 70; (taxis can enter the campus). b. By Subway: Take Metro Line 1 (toward China Pharmaceutical University) to Xinjiekou Station and then transfer to Metro Line 2 (toward Jingtian Street). Get off at Nanjing University Xianlin Campus Station and take Exit 1. It takes you 30 minutes by foot to walk to the dormitory. ②From Nanjing South Railway Station to Xianlin Campus (about 30 km): a. By Taxi: It will cost you about RMB 100. b. By Subway: Take Metro Line 1 (toward Maigao Qiao) to Xinjiekou Station and then transfer to Metro Line 2 (toward Jingtian Street). Get off at Nanjing University Xianlin Campus Station and take Exit 1. It takes you 30 minutes by foot to walk to the dormitory. ③From Nanjing Lukou International Airport to Xianlin campus (about 60 km): a. By Airport shuttle bus: Take bus Line 1 to Nanjing Railway Station or take bus Line 2 to Zhonghua Gate. It will cost you RMB 25. Then take a taxi to the dormitory (for about RMB 50). b. By Taxi: It will cost you around 150 to 200 RMB. c. By Subway: Take Metro Airport Line S1 (toward Nanjing South Railway Station) at Lukou Airport to Nanjing South Railway Station, and then transfer to Line 1 inside the station. Take Metro Line 1 (toward Maigao Qiao) to Xinjiekou Station and then transfer to Metro Line 2 (toward Jingtian Street). Get off at Nanjing University Xianlin Campus Station and take Exit 1. It takes you 20 minutes by foot to walk to the dormitory. 如何到达鼓楼校区？ （1） 留学生到上海浦东机场后，可在上海站或上海虹桥站乘坐火车前往南京。从上海发往南京的火车约半小时一班。 （2）留学生到南京后，可通过下列途径前往南京大学鼓楼校区西苑楼（留学生公寓前台）： ①从南京站到鼓楼校区南京大学西苑楼约6公里，可乘坐: a. 出租车：车费约35元。 b. 地铁：在地铁南京站乘坐地铁1号线（中国药科大学方向）；在鼓楼站下车，换乘4号线（龙江方向）；在云南路站下车（2号口出），步行约10分钟即可到达。 ②从南京南站到鼓楼校区南京大学西苑楼约15公里，可乘坐: a. 出租车：车费约60元。 b. 地铁：在地铁南京南站，乘坐地铁1号线（迈皋桥方向）；在鼓楼站换乘4号线（龙江方向）；在云南路站下车（2号口出），步行约10分钟即可到达。 ③从南京禄口国际机场到鼓楼校区南京大学西苑楼约45公里，可乘坐: a. 机场大巴：乘坐机场大巴（如乘1号线，在南京站下车；如乘2号线，在中华门地铁站下车），车费25元。然后换乘出租车至西苑宾馆，车费约30元。 b. 出租车：车费约150至200元。 c. 地铁：在地铁禄口机场站，乘坐地铁机场线（南京南站方向）；在南京南站下车，换乘1号线（迈皋桥方向）；在鼓楼站换乘4号线（龙江方向），在云南路站下车（2号口出）；步行约10分钟即可到达。 How do I get to Gulou Campus? The Front Desk of the Dormitory for International Students (Gulou Campus) Address: Nanjing University's Xiyuan Building, 20 Jinyin Street, Shanghai Road, Gulou District, Nanjing From Shanghai Pudong Airport to Nanjing: Take a train to Nanjing from either Shanghai Railway Station or Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station. There are trains leaving for Nanjing every half an hour. (2) ① From Nanjing Railway Station to Gulou Campus (about 6 km): a. By Taxi: It will cost you about RMB 35. b. By Subway: Take Metro Line 1 (toward China Pharmaceutical University) to Gulou Station, and then transfer to Line 4 (toward Longjiang). Take Exit 2 at Yunnan Road Station, and it will take you 10 minutes to walk to Nanjing University's Xiyuan Building. ②From Nanjing South Railway Station to Gulou campus (about 15 km): a. By Taxi: It will cost you about RMB 60. b. By Subway: Take metro Line 1 (toward Maigao Qiao) to Gulou station, and then transfer to Line 4 (toward Longjiang). Get off at Yunnan Road Station and take Exit 2. It takes you about 10 minutes to walk to Nanjing University's Xiyuan Building. ③From Nanjing Lukou International Airport to Gulou Campus (about 45 km): a. By Airport shuttle bus: Take bus Line 1 to Nanjing Railway Station or take bus Line 2 to Zhonghua Gate. It will cost you RMB 25. Then take a taxi to the dormitory (for about RMB 30). b. By Taxi: It will cost you around 150 to 200 RMB. c. By Subway: Take Metro Airport Line S1 (toward Nanjing South Railway Station) at Lukou Airport to Nanjing South Railway Station, and then transfer to Line 1 inside the station. Take metro Line 1 (toward Maigao Qiao) to Gulou station, and then transfer to Line 4 (toward Longjiang). Get off at Yunnan Road Station and take Exit 2. It will take you 10 minutes to walk to Nanjing University's Xiyuan Building. 学校周边环境怎么样？How are the surroundings of the campus? 医疗服务：两个校区内均有学校医院为留学生提供医疗服务，鼓楼校区周边还有一些设备齐全、先进的大型综合医院，如江苏省人民医院、鼓楼医院等。Medical Services: Nanjing University has a school hospital, divided into Gulou Campus and Xianlin Campus branches, providing medical treatment services for everyone. Nearby the Nanjing University Gulou Campus there are the Jiangsu Province People's Hospital and Gulou Hospital, two excellent major hospitals. Students may choose a hospital according to their needs. 购物：两个校区内和周边均有便利店、超市、小商铺等。距离鼓楼校区三公里的新街口地区是南京的商业中心，有多家大型百货商店。距离仙林校区三公里的仙林中心地区也拥有多家大型百货商店。 Shopping: There are convenient stores, supermarkets, and small shops both on and around the two campuses. 3 km away from Gulou Campus is Xinjiekou, the business centre of Nanjing, which boasts several large shopping malls and department stores. Xianlin Campus is 3 km away from the Xianlin central area, where there are shopping malls and department stores. 交通：鼓楼校区位于南京的中心区域，附近有地铁4号线、1号线和大量公交线路，出行十分便利。仙林校区附近有地铁2号线，校区内有巴士通行。 Traffic: Gulou Campus is located in the downtown area of Nanjing, and near the campus there are two metro lines (2+4) and a number of bus lines. Xianlin Campus is connected to Line 2. There are campus shuttles between the two campuses at fixed times. 其他生活设施：两个校区内外均有体育场馆、银行、邮局、照相馆、书店等，可以满足国际学生的各类生活需要。 Other facilities: gymnasiums, banks, post offices, photo studios, bookstores etc., both on campus and in the two campuses' vicinity, available to fulfill your daily needs. 学习相关Study at NJU 在南大我们会学习哪些课程？What courses am I going to take at Nanjing University? 进修生：汉语进修生的课程安排请查看南京大学海外教育学院网页。其他专业的进修生的课程与各专业的学历生的课程基本一致。 Non-degree students: The curriculum of the language students can be found on the Institute for International Students' webpage, (NJU). The curriculum of other general and advanced scholars will be the same as that of the degree students (see below) in the same major. 学历生：除免修一些公共课外，国际学生和中国学生所修的课程基本一致，你可以查看本科生、研究生培养方案中的课程安排部分。 Degree students: The curriculum of the international students is pretty much the same as that of the Chinese students in the same major, despite the exemption of a few certain general courses. You can check the curriculum for the detailed majors under the following links: 南京大学本科生培养方案 For undergraduate programmmes, see：http://jw.nju.edu.cn/EduContentList.aspx?MType=PX-SSZJGZQ-PYFAJXJH&FType=SSZJGZQ&res_type=eInfo。 南京大学研究生培养方案 For master and doctoral programmes, see：https://grawww.nju.edu.cn/1021/list.htm。 毕业时的汉语水平要求是什么？What Chinese proficiency do I need to achieve before graduation? （1）本科生：所有本科留学生毕业前应通过新HSK 6级；汉语国际教育专业的学生毕业前应通过新HSK 6级（且单项分数达到60分以上）+口试（高级）；汉语言专业的学生毕业前应通过新HSK 6级（且单项分数达到60分以上）+口试（高级）。Undergraduate students: All undergraduate students need to pass HSK 6 (Hanyu Shuiping Kaoshi) before graduation. Students majoring in Teaching Chinese as a Second Language need to pass HSK 6 with scores above 60 in every test subject, and also reach the advanced level of HSKK. Students majoring in Chinese Language need to pass HSK 6 with scores above 60 in every test subject, and also reach the advanced level of HSKK. （2）硕士研究生、博士研究生：中文授课的理科生在毕业时应通过新HSK 5级；中文授课的文科生在毕业时应通过新HSK6级；英文授课的学生在毕业时应通过新HSK3级。Master and doctoral students: All students taking the Chinese-taught programmes in sciences need to pass HSK 5 before graduation, while those taking Chinese-taught programmes in liberal arts need to pass HSK 6. Those who take English-taught programmes need to pass HSK 3 before graduation. 各类费用Costs 请参见学院网站Please refer to the following website: https://cms.nju.edu.cn/hwxy/lxnd/xygl/xxfy/qtfy/index.html 签证Visa & Residence Permits 请您确认在报到时本人入境签证能保证本人在中国合法居留10天以上。 Please affirm that your visa has at least 10 days validity at the time of registration to make sure your stay in China is legal before receiving a residence permit. 来华学习期限在半年以上者须持"X1"签证入境。学习期限在半年以下者，请持"X2"签证入境。If the period of your study is over 6 months, apply for an X1 visa to enter China. For a period of study of less than 6 months, you should apply for an X2 visa. 入境后，请先去宿舍或旅馆办理住宿登记；在宿舍或旅馆以外的其他住所居住或者住宿的，应当在入住后二十四小时内由本人或者留宿人，向居住地的公安机关办理登记。其他手续在报到之时会另行通知。After entering the country, please go to a dormitory or a hotel to register. For those who reside or stay in domiciles other than hotels, they or the persons who accommodate them shall, within 24 hours after the foreigners' arrival, go through the registration formalities with the public security organs in the places of residence. 生活相关 Living in Nanjing 银行 ：您可以在南京市的中国银行，中国工商银行，中国建设银行，中国农业银行，中国招商银行，中国交通银行，中国华夏银行等其他银行兑换外币。一些较大的酒店也可以进行外币的兑换业务，例如金陵饭店或者古南都酒店。 Changing and Saving money: In Nanjing, Bank of China (BOC中国银行), Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC中国工商银行), China Construction Bank（CCB 建设银行），Agricultural Bank of China (ABC中国农业银行)，China Merchants Bank (CMB中国招商银行)，Chinese Bank of Communications (CBC中国交通银行)，China Cathay Bank (中国华夏银行) and other banking institutions all have branches that will change foreign cash, currency and traveler's checks for RMB. Some of the larger hotels in the area will also change foreign currency for RMB. For example, in the neighborhood of Gulou campus there is Jingling Hotel, Gu Nan Du Hotel, etc. International students can use their own passport to open RMB or foreign currency accounts at any bank in Nanjing. 电话卡Mobile card 中国有三家移动通信公司：中国移动，中国电信，中国联通。您可以在学校附近的营业厅凭护照开通移动电话卡。There are three mobile companies: China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom. You can apply for a cell phone account with your passport near campus. 美食Dining in NJU 南京大学鼓楼和仙林校区有10个学生餐厅，还有两家清真餐厅。学生们可以在这里享用各种美食。There are 12 canteens in total and among these two HALAL canteens in Gulou and Xianlin Campus. 住宿Accommodation: 仙林 仙林留学生宿舍提供双人间，先到先得。 仙林校区留学生公寓地址：南京市栖霞区仙林大道163号四组团21栋。 The Address of the Dormitory for International Students (Xianlin Campus): Dorm 21st, 163 Xianlin Street, Qixia Distirct, Nanjing. 鼓楼 鼓楼西苑留学生公寓提供双人间和少数单人间，先到先得。 Xiyuan International Students Building in Gulou Campus offer both double rooms and single rooms on a first come, first served basis. 西苑留学生公寓地址：南京市金银街20 号 The address of Xiyuan International Students: Xiyuan Hotel, 20 Jinyin Street, Shanghai Road, Gulou District, Nanjing 咨询电话Customer service telephone :86-25-83593589 费用等其他信息请参见以下网址Please refer to the following website for further information: https://cms.nju.edu.cn/hwxy/lxnd/xygl/xxfy/qtfy/index.html Q&A