Welcome to Institute for International Students, Nanjing University! English 中文 Homepage Admissions Chinese Language Training Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Doctorate Programs Degree Programs Taught in English Featured Programs Costs Registration Fee Tuition Other Costs Online Payment Instructions Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Nanjing Municipal Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Confucius China Studies Program Application Q&A Application Chinese Proficiency Test Campus Life Campus Life Downloads Downloads 导航 Homepage Admissions Chinese Language Training Long-term Trainings Short-term Sessions Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Doctorate Programs Degree Programs Taught in English Featured Programs Costs Registration Fee Tuition Other Costs Online Payment Instructions Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Nanjing Municipal Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Confucius China Studies Program Application Q&A Application Chinese Proficiency Test Campus Life Campus Life Downloads Downloads International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Homepage > International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Homepage Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Nanjing Municipal Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Confucius China Studies Program Application Guidelines for International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship To meet the growing international demand for Chinese language teachers, facilitate Chinese language education around the world, and support the professional development of Chinese language teachers, the Center for Language Education and Cooperation (CLEC) has established the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship (hereinafter referred to as the Scholarship) for eligible Chinese language teachers outside of China. Confucius Institutes, independent Confucius Classrooms, selected HSK test centers, foreign educational institutions, Chinese language teacher training programs/Chinese departments at foreign universities, professional associations for Chinese language teaching, Chinese embassies (consulates) abroad (hereinafter collectively referred to as Recommending Institutions) may recommend outstanding students and in-service Chinese language teachers to further their studies in international Chinese language education and related programs at Chinese universities (hereinafter referred to as Host Institutions). ELIGIBILITY a) Be a non-Chinese citizen; b) Be friendly to China, have no criminal record, abide by the laws and regulations of China and the rules and regulations of the Host Institution; c) Be in good physical and mental health, be in good academic and behavioral standing; d) Be interested in Chinese language education and related work; e) Be aged between 16 and 35 years on September 1, 2026. The maximum age limit for in-service Chinese teachers may be extended to 45, but those who apply for a scholarship for a Bachelor's degree shall be younger than 25 under most circumstances. CATEGORIES AND QUALIFICATIONS 1. Scholarship for Master's Degree in International Chinese Language Education The program commences in September 2026, and the scholarship is provided for a maximum of two academic years. Applicants shall hold a Bachelor's degree. Applicants shall have a minimum score of 210 on the HSK Test (Level 5) and 60 on the HSKK test (Intermediate Level). Priority will be given to applicants who may provide an employment contract with a teaching institution upon completing their studies in China or proof to the same effect. 2. Scholarship for Bachelor's Degree in Chinese Language and Literature(International Chinese Language Education) The program commences in September 2026, and the scholarship is provided for a maximum of four academic years. Applicants shall hold a senior high school diploma and have a minimum score of 210 on the HSK Test (Level 4) and 60 on the HSKK test (Intermediate Level). 3. Scholarship for One-Year Study Program The program commences in September 2026, and the scholarship is provided for a maximum of eleven months. Applicants of international Chinese language education programs shall have a minimum score of 270 on the HSK test (Level 3), and an HSKK test score is required. Applicants of Chinese language and literature, Chinese history, or Chinese philosophy programs shall have a minimum score of 180 on the HSK test (Level 4) and 60 on the HSKK test (Intermediate Level). Applicants of Chinese language study programs shall have a minimum score of 210 on the HSK test (Level 3), and priority will be given to applicants who provide an HSKK test score. 4. Scholarship for One-Semester Study Program The program commences either in September 2026 or March 2027 and the scholarship is provided for a maximum of five months. Applicants shall have a minimum score of 180 on the HSK test (Level 3), and an HSKK test score is required. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Online registration will be available from March 1,202. Applicants should make two online applications: one on the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship application website ( http://www.chinese.cn ) and the other at NJU's International Student Service System( http://istudy.nju.edu.cn ) . 1.Register and apply on the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship application website, fill in all the information and download the application form after submitted. 2.Register and apply for the same scholarship program at NJU's International Student Service System. Online application fee: 600 RMB for Master program, 500RMB for Bachelor/One-year/One-semester Program. Application Documents for International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship A. For all applicants a) A scanned copy of the passport photo page; b) A scanned copy of score reports of the HSK/HSKK tests (within the two-year validity); c) A reference letter by the head of the Recommending Institution. B. For degree program applicants d) A certificate of the highest diploma (or proof of expected graduation) and an official transcript; e) Applicants of the Scholarship for a Master's Degree in International Chinese Language Education are required to provide two reference letters from professors or associate professors. Priority will be given to applicants who may provide an employment contract with a teaching institution upon completing their studies in China. f)Applicants of th e Scholarship for Bachelor's Degree in Chinese Language and Literature(International Chinese Language Education) are required to provide Test report of the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA),with subjects of Humanities Chinese,Mathematics ; g) Physical examination report (with 6-month validity). h) Non-criminal record (obtained within 6 months) C. In-service Chinese language teachers shall provide proof of employment and a reference letter from the employer. D. Applicants under 18 shall provide certified documents of designation signed by their entrusted legal guardians . E. Applicants shall provide additional documents as required by NJU. ※ If one of the original documents is neither written in Chinese nor in English, please also submit a notarized Chinese or English translation. The Application Deadlines (Beijing Time) : For programs commencing in September 2026, applicants must complete their applications by May 15. For programs commencing in March 2027, applicants must complete their applications by October 31. CLEC will entrust an expert panel to review the applications. Decisions will be based on HSK and HSKK levels and scores, geographical distribution, and other factors. The results will be published about three months before the program starts. Policies Regarding Currently Employed Chinese Language Teachers and Chinese Bridge Award Recipients a) In-Service Chinese Language Teachers : In-service Chinese language teachers need to provide proof of employment and a letter of recommendation from the employer. b) Chinese Bridge Winners : Applicants who have received the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Certificate during Chinese Bridge competitions may submit their application documents along with their scholarship certificates to the Host Institutions directly at the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship website.For any further inquiries, please contact chinesebridge@chinese.cn . RECOMMENDING INSTITUTIONS AND HOST INSTITUTIONS As HSK test center in China ， Nanjing University could offer recommendation letter to applicants for degree programs. The deadline for application for recommendation letter will be May 1,2026. For further inquiries, please contact with Ms.WU.（yihanwu@nju.edu.cn） MISCELLANTOUS 1. In principle, applicants who have received a similar scholarship within three years are not eligible for the One-Semester Study Program or One-Year Study Program. 2. Please contact the Host Institutions for curriculum and course listings. 3. Applicants shall be familiar with the admission criteria and application deadlines of the Host Institutions and submit necessary documents accordingly. 4. Degree students are subject to the Annual Assessment Procedures of the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship . 5. Please contact the Host Institutions for enrollment matters. 6. Students who fail to pass the pre-enrollment medical examination, withdraw from school before completing the program, fail to register at the university without prior permission, or suspend their studies will be disqualified for the scholarship. CONTACT Ms. WU Yihan Office of Confucius Institute, Nanjing University Email: yihanwu@nju.edu.cn Tel: +86-10-83595071 Division of Test and Scholarships,CLEU Email: scholarships@chinese.cn Tel: +86-10-58595743 +86-10-58595999 (Asia, Africa) +86-10-58595973 ( America, Oceania ) +86-10-58595727 (Europe) International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship