Skip to main content For information on the recent updates to federal student aid visit the Federal Aid Updates page. Body Rice University Office of Financial Aid Menu Search Form Main Nav < back The Rice Investment Applying for Aid First Year Domestic Applicants First Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants Current Students Graduate Students Visiting and Continuing Education Students Special Circumstances Cost of Attendance Estimate Your Cost Paying Your Bill Types of Aid Grants Merit Scholarships Loans Student Employment Forms & Resources Frequently Asked Questions Eligibility and Demonstrated Need Glossary of Terms Supervisor Resources Office of Admission Admission Portal Esther Email Us Close Body Body APPLYING FOR AID International Applicants OFFICE OF FINANCIAL AID > APPLY AID > INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS First Year Domestic Applicants Current Students Transfer Applicants Graduate Students Visiting & Continuing Education Students Special Circumstances Body At Rice University, we believe cost should not be a barrier to attending one of the finest universities in the country. We admit students from all socioeconomic backgrounds and fund many students who might not otherwise be able to afford a Rice education. International students who receive need-based aid will have 100% of demonstrated need met with institutional grant aid, but are not eligible for the Rice Investment. Body Important Dates EARLY DECISION I EARLY DECISION II REGULAR DECISION Oct. 1 2027-2028 CSS Profile available Nov. 15 Due 2027-2028 CSS Profile School Code 6609 Complete using 2025 income and tax information and current asset information. Custodial and non-custodial parent will each need to complete their respective profile for the student to be awarded aid. 2025 Non-Custodial Parent Tax Documents (if applicable) IDOC is only available for Domestic students. As an International student you will be uploading your parent and student tax documents via the applicant portal If you or your parents filed foreign taxes, upload those documents with an official translation to English. If you or your parents do not pay taxes, or your employer pays the taxes, please upload the income tax documents that verifies the income and taxes paid on your or your parent's behalf. If the documents are not in English, include an official translation. If you or your parents filed U.S. Taxes, please upload those instead. Mid-Dec Award notification Oct. 1 2027-2028 CSS Profile available Jan. 4 Due 2027-2028 CSS Profile School Code 6609 Complete using 2025 income and tax information and current asset information. Custodial and non-custodial parent will each need to complete their respective profile for the student to be awarded aid. 2025 Non-Custodial Parent Tax Documents (if applicable) IDOC is only available for Domestic students. As an International student you will be uploading your parent and student tax documents via the applicant portal If you or your parents filed foreign taxes, upload those documents with an official translation to English. If you or your parents do not pay taxes, or your employer pays the taxes, please upload the income tax documents that verifies the income and taxes paid on your or your parent's behalf. If the documents are not in English, include an official translation. If you or your parents filed U.S. Taxes, please upload those instead. Mid-Feb Award notification Oct. 1 2027-2028 CSS Profile available Feb. 1 Due 2027-2028 CSS Profile School Code 6609 Complete using 2025 income and tax information and current asset information. Custodial and non-custodial parent will each need to complete their respective profile for the student to be awarded aid. 2025 Non-Custodial Parent Tax Documents (if applicable) IDOC is only available for Domestic students. As an International student you will be uploading your parent and student tax documents via the applicant portal If you or your parents filed foreign taxes, upload those documents with an official translation to English. If you or your parents do not pay taxes, or your employer pays the taxes, please upload the income tax documents that verifies the income and taxes paid on your or your parent's behalf. If the documents are not in English, include an official translation. If you or your parents filed U.S. Taxes, please upload those instead. Apr. 1 Award notification Body Application Process Rice University offers need-based financial aid to a limited number of international first-year applicants. Rice University uses the CSS Profile for international students applying for aid. Apply with CSS Profile Body International First-Year & Transfers Foreign nationals who live outside the U.S. and those living in the U.S. with a valid visa are required to submit the International Student Financial Statement as a part of their application for admission. International applicants who are not requesting financial aid must show official documentation (appropriate affidavits and/or scholarship awards) of resources sufficient to cover the costs of the first year of study before their files can be reviewed for admission. Rice's international need-based aid policy for both admission and financial aid is need aware. This means that students who are not U.S. citizens, nor permanent residents of the U.S., nor in refugee status are considered international, and the student's financial need will be considered for both admission and financial aid. When the admission committee evaluates such applications, the amount of financial aid a family might need is taken into consideration. Students who wish to be considered for financial aid must indicate their intention to apply for aid on the admission application. International students admitted without a request for financial aid cannot apply for aid in subsequent years. We do not offer need-based or merit-based aid to international transfer applicants. This policy applies to applicants at the time of review and to admitted students, throughout their years of study at Rice. International Student Financial Statement » Connect with a Financial Aid Counselor We know that figuring out financial aid can be a confusing and stressful process. Don't worry - our financial aid counselors are here to help. As you navigate this process, we're available to answer any questions you may have. We look forward to getting to know you! Meet our Financial Aid Officers Email Us Schedule a 1:1 Meeting Additional Resources Body Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Forms & Resources Helpful Links Office of Admission Forms & Resources FAQs Request Admission Information Admission Portal Esther Body CALL 713-348-4958 EMAIL fina@rice.edu WALK-IN HOURS M-F 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. CT Body Rice University BACK TO TOP 6100 Main St., Houston, TX 77005-1827 | Mailing Address: P.O. Box 1892, Houston, TX 77251-1892 | 713-348-0000 | Privacy Policy | Web Accessibility | Campus Carry Body Body Body Body