Skip to main content Carnegie Mellon University homepage Undergraduate Admission Main navigation Who We Are Majors & Programs Admission Costs & Aid Campus Experience Downloads Meet Our Staff Utility menu Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) Search Menu Search Carnegie Mellon University Search Who We Are Who We Are section The Value of a Carnegie Mellon Education Majors & Programs Majors & Programs section College of Engineering College of Engineering section Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil & Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Engineering and Public Policy Engineering Design, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (EDIE) Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering College of Fine Arts College of Fine Arts section School of Architecture School of Art School of Design School of Drama School of Music Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences section Economics English History Carnegie Mellon Institute for Strategy and Technology Interdisciplinary Programs in Dietrich LCAL Philosophy Psychology Social and Decision Sciences Special Programs Statistics & Data Science Information Systems Mellon College of Science Mellon College of Science section Biological Sciences Chemistry Mathematical Sciences Physics School of Computer Science School of Computer Science section Artificial Intelligence Computational Biology Computer Science Human-Computer Interaction Robotics Tepper School of Business Interdisciplinary Studies Interdisciplinary Studies section BXA Intercollege Degree Programs IDeATe Interdisciplinary Majors Admission Admission section Admission Consideration Undergraduate Admission Requirements College of Fine Arts Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Application Plans & Deadlines Academic Requirements & College-Level Work Apply Standardized Testing Preparing For College Admission FAQ Where Am I in the Process? Resources for College Counseling Partners Costs & Aid Costs & Aid section Net Price Calculator Campus Experience Campus Experience section Traditions Activities and Engagement Student Services Housing & Dining Resources for International Students Discover Pittsburgh Downloads Meet Our Staff Student & Community Blog Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) Close Undergraduate Admission Admission International Applicants International Applicants Regardless of where in the world you're coming from, you'll be in good company. The diverse perspectives and backgrounds of international students help make Carnegie Mellon the innovative, collaborative place it is. Carnegie Mellon often ranks in the top five for national universities with the highest percentage of international undergraduates - students from outside of the United States made up 19% of the undergraduate student body in 2024-2025. We define an international applicant as someone who is a citizen or permanent resident of a country other than the United States and who will be studying in the United States on a temporary visa. For international students, the application procedure and timetables are essentially the same as for candidates applying from schools in the U.S. Carnegie Mellon doesn't offer financial aid to international students. If you're an international student who plans to enroll at Carnegie Mellon, you and your family must plan to pay the total cost of attendance (opens in new window) . Additional Information for International Students In addition to international admission requirements noted below, international students must also satisfy the undergraduate admission requirements . International students must also meet the posted application deadlines to be considered for admission. Language Requirements If your native language isn't English, you'll need to submit official results from an English language proficiency test. Please refer to the English Language Proficiency Requirements section below. Name on Application Documents It's important for you to use the exact name on your passport on your application, recommendations and test scores. This will eliminate any confusion in the processing of your application. Non-English Transcripts If your secondary school transcript or any other admission document is written in a language other than English, it should be accompanied by an official translation and verified by a counselor or school official to be true copies of the original. International Baccalaureate or GCE A-Level Examinations If you are preparing for the International Baccalaureate or the General Certificate of Education (GCE) A-level examinations, please send your expected exam results. English Language Proficiency Requirements Nonnative Speaker Testing Requirements If your native language is not English, official results from the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) * , the International English Language Testing System (IELTS) or its online equivalent (IELTS Online), the Duolingo English Test (DET), or the Cambridge English Assessment are required. Scores should be no more than two years old at the time of application, and we prefer that you submit all English proficiency test results from the past two years. * Should a student take the TOEFL more than once, we'll use the set of TOEFL scores corresponding with the highest overall score. We don't use TOEFL MyBest scores, which 'superscore' subsection results from more than one test administration of the TOEFL. Accepted Scores IELTS We require at least a 7.5 overall band score on either the paper-based or computer-delivered Academic Examination and give consideration to those with subscores of 7.5 and above. When sending your official IELTS scores, please ensure that you choose "Carnegie Mellon University - Office of Undergraduate Admission" as the recipient for your score report. TOEFL iBT or iBT Home Edition For exams taken before Jan. 21, 2026: We require at least a 102 overall score and give consideration to those with subscores of 25 and above in each section. For exams taken on or after Jan. 21, 2026: We require at least a 5 in the overall score and give consideration to those with subscores of 5 and above in each section. Carnegie Mellon's TOEFL Code is 2074 . TOEFL Essentials We require at least an 11 overall band score and give consideration to those with subscores of 11 and above. Carnegie Mellon's TOEFL Code is 2074 . Duolingo English Test We require at least a 135 overall score and give consideration to those with the following integrated subscores and above: Literacy: 135 Conversation: 135 Comprehension: 135 Production: 135 Cambridge English Assessment We require at least a 191 overall score and give consideration to those with subscores of 191 and above. Recommended English Interviews InitialView or Vericant interviews are recommended for nonnative English speakers but aren't required. Often these interviews can measure readiness for engagement in the classroom and also showcase a student's personality, likes and dislikes as well as the area of intended major. These interviews can also show English language proficiency while also corroborating the application with more details about the student. Feel right at home If you're an international student, you'll easily find your place in our creative, collaborative community fueled by the diverse perspectives of individuals. International Student Resources Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 412.268.2082 Email Us (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings Connect with Us Meet Our Staff Downloads Where Am I in the Process? Application Status (opens in new window) Campus Map Pre-College Programs © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings › scroll to top