Skip to main content Carnegie Mellon University homepage Undergraduate Admission Main navigation Who We Are Majors & Programs Admission Costs & Aid Campus Experience Downloads Meet Our Staff Utility menu Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) Search Menu Search Carnegie Mellon University Search Who We Are Who We Are section The Value of a Carnegie Mellon Education Majors & Programs Majors & Programs section College of Engineering College of Engineering section Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil & Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Engineering and Public Policy Engineering Design, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (EDIE) Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering College of Fine Arts College of Fine Arts section School of Architecture School of Art School of Design School of Drama School of Music Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences section Economics English History Carnegie Mellon Institute for Strategy and Technology Interdisciplinary Programs in Dietrich LCAL Philosophy Psychology Social and Decision Sciences Special Programs Statistics & Data Science Information Systems Mellon College of Science Mellon College of Science section Biological Sciences Chemistry Mathematical Sciences Physics School of Computer Science School of Computer Science section Artificial Intelligence Computational Biology Computer Science Human-Computer Interaction Robotics Tepper School of Business Interdisciplinary Studies Interdisciplinary Studies section BXA Intercollege Degree Programs IDeATe Interdisciplinary Majors Admission Admission section Admission Consideration Undergraduate Admission Requirements College of Fine Arts Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Application Plans & Deadlines Academic Requirements & College-Level Work Apply Standardized Testing Preparing For College Admission FAQ Where Am I in the Process? Resources for College Counseling Partners Costs & Aid Costs & Aid section Net Price Calculator Campus Experience Campus Experience section Traditions Activities and Engagement Student Services Housing & Dining Resources for International Students Discover Pittsburgh Downloads Meet Our Staff Student & Community Blog Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) Close Undergraduate Admission Admission Undergraduate Admission Requirements Undergraduate Admission Requirements Your Application Checklist Required Application Materials for Undergraduate Admission Common Application $75 Application Fee* High School Courses and Grades Please review our Academic Requirements . Standardized Testing Scores If English is not your native language, this includes the TOEFL, IELTS or Duolingo English Test . Secondary School Counselor Evaluation Teacher Recommendation Common Application Essay Common Application Writing Supplement This includes three short-answer questions *Carnegie Mellon accepts fee waivers from students who meet one of the indicators of economic need as outlined on the Common Application. Additional Requirements For All Applicants If admitted, you must provide proof of meeting all requirements for an official high school diploma by the end of May of the year of graduation. You must also submit an official final transcript, GED or certificate of completion from your local school district or state board of education by the end of July of the year of matriculation. For Home-Schooled Applicants You should submit an academic portfolio or transcript that's consistent with your state's guidelines and a list of all textbooks used. For College of Fine Arts Applicants: For the School of Drama or the School of Music, you must arrange a required pre-screen, audition or portfolio review . For the Schools of Architecture, the School of Art or the School of Design, you must submit the required portfolio and creative materials . For College of Engineering Applicants: Students applying to the College of Engineering apply to and are admitted directly to a department/major unless choosing undecided. Only students admitted as undecided within the College of Engineering are allowed to choose among the primary majors of Civil, Chemical, Electrical & Computer, Environmental, Materials Science, and Mechanical Engineering during the spring semester of their first year. Requests to change majors will be considered after the first year, but are not guaranteed to be approved and will be evaluated on a case by case basis. Students who are accepted to Civil & Environmental Engineering will declare either Civil Engineering or Environmental Engineering at the end of the fall semester of their first year. In the spring of their first year, all students will also have the opportunity to declare an additional major from among Biomedical Engineering; Engineering and Public Policy; Engineering, Design, Innovation, and Entrepreneurship; and Engineering and Fine Arts. Supporting Documents and Supplemental Information Carnegie Mellon doesn't accept supplemental submissions, such as resumes, artwork, portfolios, recording or websites. We encourage you to use the Common Application, along with the Carnegie Mellon Supplemental Essays, to highlight experiences or activities that have enhanced or defined your personal growth during high school. Carnegie Mellon won't accept updates from applicants after January 15 but will continue to accept documents and updates from high school counselors after that point. Please note that mid-semester grades or transcript updates may either be self-reported or sent by your high school counselor throughout the admission process. For applicants to the College of Fine Arts, please refer to our information for College of Fine Arts applicants . Where Am I in the Process? Portal Applicants, please note that you'll need to register for the Where Am I in the Process? portal in order to receive your admission decision and financial aid offer, so please review the Terms of Service prior to applying. The Where Am I in the Process? portal service is intended for individuals at least 13 years old; if you intend to apply and are not at least 13, please contact the Office of Admission . Instructions for DACA, Home-Schooled, Cyber and Non-Traditional Applicants Applying as a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) Student Carnegie Mellon welcomes applications from Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) students. Follow the instructions for either first-year or transfer applicants and review the admission requirements noted at the top of this page. We accept College Board and NACAC fee waivers for the nonrefundable application fee. If you need an application fee waiver, you should contact the Office of Admission. Please also be aware of this additional information: When completing the Common Application, you should apply for either first-year or transfer admission as an international student. You'll do so by selecting "Other (non-US)" as your citizenship status. You may be eligible for institutional financial aid and must apply for financial aid in order to be considered. To apply for institutional financial aid, you must complete the CSS Profile and provide either federal tax returns or documentation of household income to College Board IDOC. The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) isn't required for DACA students. If you need a CSS Profile fee waiver, you should contact the Office of Admission. At the time of admission, Carnegie Mellon may request DACA documentation to confirm your status in order to process your financial aid accordingly. If you have any questions or concerns about the application process, please contact the Office of Admission . Applying as a Home-Schooled or Cyber Student Carnegie Mellon welcomes applications from students who have been schooled at home or online. In addition to the information below, please be sure to follow the instructions for first-year applicants and review the admission requirements noted at the top of this page. To apply to the university, you must: Submit a completed Common Application. Submit a syllabus or course descriptions of the work you've completed prior to applying. This should include a list of all textbooks used for your coursework. Submit a transcript of grades and/or evaluation of your work that's consistent with state guidelines. Submit a recommendation from a counselor, a representative of your state board of education, your home school association or other person of authority. Follow the instructions for required testing based on the college and program you're applying to. Provide proof that you'll have met, by the end of May of the year of graduation, all requirements for an official high school diploma. If admitted, you will also need to submit an official final transcript, GED or certificate of completion from your local school district or state board of education by the end of July of the year of matriculation. Applying as a Non-Traditional Student Carnegie Mellon welcomes applications from students with non-traditional academic backgrounds, including prospective students who are seeking a second bachelor's degree, and those who are interested in a first bachelor's degree several years after graduating from high school. To apply for a second bachelor's degree if your first degree is from Carnegie Mellon: Complete the Common Application. Arrange to have a copy of your Carnegie Mellon transcript sent to the Office of Admission by February 15, if you're applying as a transfer, or by January 1, if you're applying as a first-year student. To apply for a second bachelor's degree if your first degree is from another college or university: Complete the Common Application. Follow the instructions for transfer applicants . To apply for a first bachelor's degree if you're from a nontraditional background: Complete the Common Application. Submit an essay explaining what you have been doing since graduating from high school. Submit a recommendation from a counselor, teacher, colleague or advisor who can speak of your potential for success at Carnegie Mellon. If you have not taken any courses at another postsecondary institution, follow the instructions for first-year applicants . If you have taken any courses at another postsecondary institution, follow the instructions for transfer applicants . Note that campus housing is only available for traditional-age college students. Applicants from the Veterans & Military Community and ROTC Applicants Carnegie Mellon provides services to veterans and their dependents who are eligible for Veterans Education Benefits under the Montgomery G.I. Bill, the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill, and the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program. Visit the Veterans and Military Community website for more information. For questions and additional information regarding military and veteran applicants, please contact Mike Danko, ROTC Veterans Affairs Coordinator, at @email or 412.268.8747. Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) scholarship information: Naval ROTC - hosted by Carnegie Mellon Air Force ROTC - hosted by University of Pittsburgh Army ROTC - hosted by Three Rivers Battalion Optional Materials Schoolhouse.world Mastery Certifications As part of our partnership with Khan Academy (opens in new window) , Carnegie Mellon will consider a Schoolhouse.world portfolio as part of its holistic undergraduate admissions review process. This allows applicants to demonstrate not only subject mastery in areas like math and science, but also their commitment to peer learning and service. Additionally, students who earn certifications through Schoolhouse.world are eligible to take placement exams in foundational STEM topics at CMU, such as biology, chemistry, physics, calculus and computer science. Those who pass have the option to take more advanced courses. What is schoolhouse.world? Schoolhouse.world is a free, globally accessible platform founded by Sal Khan, creator of Khan Academy. It enables students to demonstrate subject mastery and tutor peers in subjects like calculus, statistics, computer science, and more. Why Submit a Certification? While Schoolhouse.world certifications do not replace official application materials like transcripts or letters of recommendation, they can help improve your application by: Highlighting your academic strengths Demonstrating initiative and subject mastery Showing readiness in topics not available at your school These certifications are a great way to stand out and help us better understand your academic journey. How to Submit Be sure to complete all certifications before submitting the Common App. In the supplemental CMU questions within the Common App, provide the URL of your Schoolhouse.world portfolio. To get started, or learn more about certification options, visit the schoolhouse.world website (opens in new window) VIVA Video Assessments Many engineering and computer science applicants to Carnegie Mellon University have completed special projects or research during high school. If you would like to tell us more about a project you have done that is important to you, you may choose to submit a VIVA. Upload your research or a special project to VIVA VIVA will interpret your work and ask questions about what you've uploaded VIVA will record a video of you answering these real-time questions about your work You will be able to provide your VIVA interview video to Carnegie Mellon as part of your application. Visit the VIVA site to learn more and get started. *For applicants to the College of Engineering and School of Computer Science only. Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 412.268.2082 Email Us (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings Connect with Us Meet Our Staff Downloads Where Am I in the Process? Application Status (opens in new window) Campus Map Pre-College Programs © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings › scroll to top