Skip to main content Carnegie Mellon University homepage Undergraduate Admission Main navigation Who We Are Majors & Programs Admission Costs & Aid Campus Experience Downloads Meet Our Staff Utility menu Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) Search Menu Search Carnegie Mellon University Search Who We Are Who We Are section The Value of a Carnegie Mellon Education Majors & Programs Majors & Programs section College of Engineering College of Engineering section Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil & Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Engineering and Public Policy Engineering Design, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (EDIE) Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering College of Fine Arts College of Fine Arts section School of Architecture School of Art School of Design School of Drama School of Music Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences section Economics English History Carnegie Mellon Institute for Strategy and Technology Interdisciplinary Programs in Dietrich LCAL Philosophy Psychology Social and Decision Sciences Special Programs Statistics & Data Science Information Systems Mellon College of Science Mellon College of Science section Biological Sciences Chemistry Mathematical Sciences Physics School of Computer Science School of Computer Science section Artificial Intelligence Computational Biology Computer Science Human-Computer Interaction Robotics Tepper School of Business Interdisciplinary Studies Interdisciplinary Studies section BXA Intercollege Degree Programs IDeATe Interdisciplinary Majors Admission Admission section Admission Consideration Undergraduate Admission Requirements College of Fine Arts Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Application Plans & Deadlines Academic Requirements & College-Level Work Apply Standardized Testing Preparing For College Admission FAQ Where Am I in the Process? Resources for College Counseling Partners Costs & Aid Costs & Aid section Net Price Calculator Campus Experience Campus Experience section Traditions Activities and Engagement Student Services Housing & Dining Resources for International Students Discover Pittsburgh Downloads Meet Our Staff Student & Community Blog Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) Close Undergraduate Admission Admission Standardized Testing Standardized Testing Standardized Testing Consideration Carnegie Mellon's standardized testing policy varies according to the college or program of the application. View more details below. If you choose to submit scores: note that we allow superscoring of SAT test results, but we are unable to accept superscored results for the ACT exam due to the composite score included in the score report. The College Board no longer offers SAT Subject Tests. These test results are neither required nor recommended, and prior scores won't be considered in our admission process. Standardized Testing Information Testing Policy Carnegie Mellon's undergraduate admission test policy varies according to college or program: The School of Computer Science requires an SAT or an ACT score. The following colleges and programs operate on a test flexible policy: College of Engineering Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences Heinz College's Information Systems program Mellon College of Science Tepper School of Business Test flexible means that students are required to submit test scores in order to complete their application, however, they may choose which type of test(s) they prefer to submit. Acceptable test options include the SAT, ACT, International Baccalaureate (IB) exam (predicted or actual scores), Advanced Placement, Cambridge A-Level (predicted or actual results) and the French Baccalaureate (predicted or actual scores). Students who choose to submit predicted scores/results for the IB exam, Cambridge A-Level or French Baccalaureate will be required to submit their actual scores/results only if they are admitted and choose to enroll. The College of Fine Arts is test optional and requires portfolios or auditions. SAT and ACT Tests For students submitting standardized tests, we prefer that all testing is completed by November 1 for Early Decision applicants and by January 3 for Regular Decision applicants. We believe that college admission testing in the 9th and 10th grades adds to the anxiety of a process that students won't encounter for several years. As a result, we encourage students to submit 11th or 12th grade SAT or ACT scores (tests taken the summer after 10th grade are appropriate). While earlier tests may measure knowledge at the time they are taken, that level of knowledge gradually evolves and doesn't fully represent the knowledge students bring to college first-year courses. Should students present tests taken two or more years in advance of their first-year experience, we'd take the timing of the test results into consideration. The greater the amount of time prior to students' first year of college, the less we can rely on the test results as a fair representation of their knowledge entering Carnegie Mellon. Both domestic and international applicants who submit SAT or ACT scores may share either official or self-reported SAT or ACT scores. Students will not be required to submit official score reports unless they are admitted and choose to enroll. Applicants are able to self-report test scores through the Common Application or by sharing an unofficial score report. Students may also submit a transcript that includes test scores. The Carnegie Mellon SAT code is 2074 and the ACT code is 3534. TOEFL, IELTS, Cambridge or Duolingo English Test We require the TOEFL, IELTS, Cambridge or Duolingo English Test from all nonnative English speakers. If English isn't one of your first languages, you must submit official results from one of the following options: IELTS (or IELTS Online) : We require at least a 7.5 overall band score on the Academic Examination and give consideration to those with subscores of 7.5 and above. TOEFL iBT or iBT Home Edition : We require at least a 102 overall score and give consideration to those with subscores of 25 and above. TOEFL Essentials : We require at least an 11 overall band score and give consideration to those with subscores of 11 and above. Cambridge English Assessment : We require at least a 191 overall score and give consideration to those with subscores of 191 and above. Duolingo English Test: we require at least a 135 overall score and give consideration to those with the following subscores and above: Literacy: 135 Conversation: 135 Comprehension: 135 Production: 135 Scores should be no more than two years old at the time of application, and we prefer that you submit all English proficiency test results from the past two years. Should you take the TOEFL more than once, we'll use the set of TOEFL scores corresponding with your highest overall score. We don't use TOEFL MyBest scores, which 'superscore' subsection results from more than one test administration of the TOEFL. Please plan on taking the TOEFL or IELTS no later than December of your senior year. Make sure that the name you use for test registration is identical to the way your name is listed on your passport and in your admissions application. Holistic Approach Carnegie Mellon is committed to a holistic approach to admission where no single grade, score or activity guarantees or disqualifies any candidate for consideration in the admission review process. We recognize that students bring a variety of strengths and experiences that can positively contribute to the university community, so a wide range of factors are considered when assessing an applicant's overall potential and fit for CMU. Our admission staff and application readers treat all applicants as individuals and prioritize a fair, contextual and thorough admission review. Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 412.268.2082 Email Us (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings Connect with Us Meet Our Staff Downloads Where Am I in the Process? Application Status (opens in new window) Campus Map Pre-College Programs © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings › scroll to top