Skip to main content Carnegie Mellon University homepage Undergraduate Admission Main navigation Who We Are Majors & Programs Admission Costs & Aid Campus Experience Downloads Meet Our Staff Utility menu Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) Search Menu Search Carnegie Mellon University Search Who We Are Who We Are section The Value of a Carnegie Mellon Education Majors & Programs Majors & Programs section College of Engineering College of Engineering section Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil & Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Engineering and Public Policy Engineering Design, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (EDIE) Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering College of Fine Arts College of Fine Arts section School of Architecture School of Art School of Design School of Drama School of Music Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences section Economics English History Carnegie Mellon Institute for Strategy and Technology Interdisciplinary Programs in Dietrich LCAL Philosophy Psychology Social and Decision Sciences Special Programs Statistics & Data Science Information Systems Mellon College of Science Mellon College of Science section Biological Sciences Chemistry Mathematical Sciences Physics School of Computer Science School of Computer Science section Artificial Intelligence Computational Biology Computer Science Human-Computer Interaction Robotics Tepper School of Business Interdisciplinary Studies Interdisciplinary Studies section BXA Intercollege Degree Programs IDeATe Interdisciplinary Majors Admission Admission section Admission Consideration Undergraduate Admission Requirements College of Fine Arts Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Application Plans & Deadlines Academic Requirements & College-Level Work Apply Standardized Testing Preparing For College Admission FAQ Where Am I in the Process? Resources for College Counseling Partners Costs & Aid Costs & Aid section Net Price Calculator Campus Experience Campus Experience section Traditions Activities and Engagement Student Services Housing & Dining Resources for International Students Discover Pittsburgh Downloads Meet Our Staff Student & Community Blog Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) Close Undergraduate Admission Admission Application Plans & Deadlines Application Plans and Deadlines At Carnegie Mellon, we have several application plans to choose from. Review each plan below to decide which is the best option for you. Application Plans and Deadlines Early Decision If Carnegie Mellon is your first-choice university, apply with confidence and receive your admission decision earlier. Applying Early Decision is for students who have done their research and know they want to make Carnegie Mellon and Pittsburgh their home. You'll receive your admission decision by mid-December, giving you more time to celebrate your accomplishments, plan for college and enjoy your senior year. Early Decision Timeline Deadline: November 2 Notified by: December 15 Enroll by: February 1 Early Decision is not available for the School of Drama, BXA Design programs or the School of Music. Early Decision Instructions and Information Early Decision is a binding application plan. If you're admitted to Carnegie Mellon, you're expected to enroll. You should not apply for Early Decision if you have a pending Early Decision application with another college or university. If admitted through Early Decision, you must agree to withdraw applications previously submitted to other institutions. To do this, please complete and submit the Early Decision Agreement (PDF) (opens in new window) along with the rest of your application. Because Early Decision is binding, you won't be able to compare financial aid offers between institutions. Be sure to discuss financial considerations and commitments with your family ahead of applying. You can apply to only one college within the university. Three decisions can be given: admit, deny or defer to Regular Decision. You're not able to reapply under Regular Decision if you're denied under Early Decision. Note about November standardized tests for Early Decision applicants: If you'd like us to consider test scores, it's strongly preferred that Early Decision applicants complete all standardized testing by November 1. If there are circumstances that have led you to take a test after November 1, but still in the month of November, make sure you've indicated the future test you're taking on the Common Application. The Office of Admission will do our best to wait until these scores arrive before making an admission decision; however, this will cause a delay in the review of your application. December testing is too late for Early Decision consideration. Regular Decision If you're not ready to commit to one university and want to keep your options open, apply with more flexibility over a longer timeline. Regular Decision is for students who are still considering their options and aren't ready to make an enrollment decision. It's common for students to apply Regular Decision to a number of institutions and then compare universities. Regular Decision Timeline Deadline: January 4 Notified by: No later than April 1 Enroll by: May 1 Regular Decision for Schools of Drama and Music Deadline: December 1 Notified by: No later than April 1 Enroll by: May 1 If you're applying to the Schools of Architecture, Art, Design, Drama or Music, please review information for College of Fine Arts applicants . We encourage College of Fine Arts applicants to submit their application earlier in the process in order to secure auditions or portfolio review appointments. Please keep in mind: Regular Decision applicants who want to change to the Early Decision application plan may do so by emailing the Office of Admission by November 1. You will be required to submit an Early Decision Agreement (PDF) (opens in new window) . Transfer Admission Each year, Carnegie Mellon admits a small number of transfer students as space permits. The policy for transferring varies from college to college within Carnegie Mellon, so please carefully review the deadlines below as well as the transfer application instructions . Fall Transfer (All colleges/schools except College of Fine Arts) Deadline: February 16* Notified by: May 17 Enroll by: June 1 *All supporting documents must be received by March 1 for fall transfer. Fall Transfer (College of Fine Arts) Deadline: December 1 for drama and music, January 5 for architecture, art and design* Notified by: April 1 Enroll by: May 1 * All supporting documents must be received by February 16 for fall CFA transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 412.268.2082 Email Us (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings Connect with Us Meet Our Staff Downloads Where Am I in the Process? Application Status (opens in new window) Campus Map Pre-College Programs © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings › scroll to top