Skip to main content Carnegie Mellon University homepage Undergraduate Admission Main navigation Who We Are Majors & Programs Admission Costs & Aid Campus Experience Downloads Meet Our Staff Utility menu Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) Search Menu Search Carnegie Mellon University Search Who We Are Who We Are section The Value of a Carnegie Mellon Education Majors & Programs Majors & Programs section College of Engineering College of Engineering section Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil & Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Engineering and Public Policy Engineering Design, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (EDIE) Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering College of Fine Arts College of Fine Arts section School of Architecture School of Art School of Design School of Drama School of Music Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences Dietrich College of Humanities & Social Sciences section Economics English History Carnegie Mellon Institute for Strategy and Technology Interdisciplinary Programs in Dietrich LCAL Philosophy Psychology Social and Decision Sciences Special Programs Statistics & Data Science Information Systems Mellon College of Science Mellon College of Science section Biological Sciences Chemistry Mathematical Sciences Physics School of Computer Science School of Computer Science section Artificial Intelligence Computational Biology Computer Science Human-Computer Interaction Robotics Tepper School of Business Interdisciplinary Studies Interdisciplinary Studies section BXA Intercollege Degree Programs IDeATe Interdisciplinary Majors Admission Admission section Admission Consideration Undergraduate Admission Requirements College of Fine Arts Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Application Plans & Deadlines Academic Requirements & College-Level Work Apply Standardized Testing Preparing For College Admission FAQ Where Am I in the Process? Resources for College Counseling Partners Costs & Aid Costs & Aid section Net Price Calculator Campus Experience Campus Experience section Traditions Activities and Engagement Student Services Housing & Dining Resources for International Students Discover Pittsburgh Downloads Meet Our Staff Student & Community Blog Request Info Apply Visit (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) Close Undergraduate Admission Admission Apply Apply Now Are You Ready to Turn Tartan? Are you ready to join our community of big thinkers striving for the betterment of humankind? APPLY NOW We can't wait to review your application and learn more about you. We know that applying to college takes time and effort, so be assured that we appreciate that effort and will give your application the careful consideration required to gather a community of all kinds - those who are brilliant and curious, quirky and questioning, creative and collaborative. Carnegie Mellon is where the best minds come together to discover unique and beautiful solutions. Application Process Carnegie Mellon uses the Common Application exclusively, and all applications must be submitted online . Before You Apply Please review our application plans and deadlines and our admission requirements . Applicants to the Schools of Architecture, Art, Design, Drama and Music should also review our College of Fine Arts applicant information . Please note that the Schools of Drama and Music have an earlier Regular Decision application deadline of December 1. You must be at least 13 years old when you submit your application. After You've Applied Within one to five business days of submitting your Common Application, the Office of Admission will send you an email notifying you that we've received your application. You can then visit your Where Am I in the Process? portal to track admission and financial aid documents that we've received from or sent to you. Connect with Us Do you have additional questions? We're here to help! Please contact the Office of Admission via email, phone or chat during normal business hours, and our admission staff will be happy to assist you. Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 412.268.2082 Email Us (opens in new window) twitter (opens in a new window) facebook (opens in a new window) youtube (opens in a new window) instagram (opens in a new window) © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings Connect with Us Meet Our Staff Downloads Where Am I in the Process? Application Status (opens in new window) Campus Map Pre-College Programs © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Legal Info (opens in new window) Cookie settings › scroll to top