Carnegie Mellon University - - - Search Search Search this site only Student Financial Services Division of Enrollment Management Division of Enrollment Management › Student Financial Services › Financial Aid › International Student Funding Opportunities International Student Funding Opportunities While only U.S. citizens and permanent residents are eligible for federal and state financial aid programs, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) students and a small number of students from specific countries may be eligible for institutional funding opportunities, like a Carnegie Mellon grant. Funding Opportunities and Fellowships The Office of Graduate and Postdoctoral Affairs administers some of the financial support that is available to graduate students. VISIT TO LEARN MORE Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) DACA students are not eligible for federal student aid, but may be eligible for institutional financial aid, like a Carnegie Mellon grant. To start the application process, DACA students should complete a CSS Profile. At the time of admission, Carnegie Mellon may request documentation to confirm DACA status in order to process financial aid accordingly, but documentation is not required when submitting an application. At this time, undocumented students without DACA status are not eligible to apply for financial aid. Complete a CSS Profile Behring Foundation Scholarship The Behring Foundation, a Brazilian-based family organization focused on empowering talented youth and promoting social development, has established a scholarship to support students from Brazil pursuing tech-related undergraduate degrees at Carnegie Mellon. The scholarship provides funding for two students per year with permanent residential addresses in Brazil who are enrolled in the School of Computer Science or the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department . The scholarship may cover up to the full cost of attendance for the duration of their undergraduate education dependent on financial need and other aid resources the student may receive. In order to apply for the scholarship, students must complete the CSS Profile . Students who are a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident should also complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) , in addition to the CSS Profile. Supporting documents may be requested after submission of either of these applications. CMU-Qatar Financial Aid For CMU-Qatar students, there are many different types of financial assistance to help pay for the cost of a Carnegie Mellon education. Merit-based scholarships and need-based grants are available to students of all nationalities. Additionally, Qatari citizens have access to government scholarships and corporate sponsorships. Learn More Resources: Financial Aid for U.S. Students at CMU-Qatar Financial Aid for U.S. Citizens at CMU-Africa Consumer Information Forms & Resources Frequently Asked Questions Managing Your Money My Student Aid Office of Admission Policies & Student Privacy Special & Unusual Circumstances The HUB Student Employment Student Information Online (SIO) Student Financial Services Division of Enrollment Management Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 Legal Info www.cmu.edu © 2026 Carnegie Mellon University Cost & Affordability Financial Aid Applying for Aid Types of Aid Understanding Your Financial Aid Offer Billing & Payments Invoice & Student Account Payment Options Student Account Refunds Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions My Student Aid Terminology