Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions Menu Yale University Applicant Status Portal Contact Quick Links Plan a Campus Visit Take a Virtual Tour Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Search Ask A Question Undergraduate Admissions Apply Apply Apply How to Apply First-Year QuestBridge Transfer Eli Whitney: Nontraditional Non-Degree Advice Advice Advice Get Advice from Officers What Yale Looks For Podcast International Students Military Veterans First Generation College Students Rural and Small Town Students Affordability Affordability Affordability Learn How How Aid Works Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Explore Explore Explore Find Your And Embrace "And" Majors and Programs Student Life Student Voices Beyond the Classroom Connect Connect Connect Ask A Question Visit Campus Virtual Events Contact Admissions Counselors Virtual Tours Mailing List Yale University Applicant Status Portal Contact Quick Links Plan a Campus Visit Take a Virtual Tour Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Search Ask A Question Show all breadcrumbs Advice Home Advice International Students International Students Yale's evaluates all applicants through the same whole-person review process. Yale welcomes high-achieving students from every country in the world. All applicants, regardless of nationality, citizenship, or country of origin, are considered through the same whole-person admissions process. All applicants are evaluated without regard to their ability to pay and all admitted students and are eligible for need-based financial aid. Students applying from secondary schools outside the U.S. complete the same applications and fulfill the same application requirements as all other applicants. Application instructions Standardized testing Need-blind admissions. Need-based aid Yale is one of only a handful of American universities that considers all applicants for admission without regard to their ability to pay and meets 100% of every family's demonstrated financial need. Applying for financial aid as an international student Applying to Yale from outside the U.S. English proficiency testing Fluency in written and spoken English is essential for all Yale students. N on-native English-speakers who have not taken at least two years of secondary education where English is the medium of instruction are required to submit results from any of the proficiency tests below. Learn more about standardized testing. TOEFL IELTS Cambridge English Qualifications DET InitialView Documents in a foreign language All application materials must be in English. If any of your documents, including transcripts and letters of recommendation, are in a language other than English, they must be accompanied by a certified translation. We are not able to accept any documents that you have translated yourself. Standardized testing for international applicants International applicants fulfill the same standardized testing requirements as domestic applicants. First-year and transfer applicants must submit scores from the SAT or ACT. Scores from other exams, including international leaving exams or English proficiency exams will not fulfill Yale's testing requirement. Learn more about standardized testing . Financial aid International students are eligible for the same need-based financial aid as domestic applicants. Yale's financial aid offers for international students include allowances for housing, meals, and travel to and from campus twice each year. Financial aid awards take into account the relative difference between the U.S. economy and your home country's economy. International students who enroll at Yale are not required to reapply for financial aid every year. Inside the Yale Admissions Office Podcast Podcast transcripts Yale College New Students Career Strategy International and Summer Programs Registrar Accessibility Services Visitor Center Yale Hub  Accessibility at Yale | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2026 Yale University. All rights reserved. Ask a question