Skip to secondary menu Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions Menu Yale University Applicant Status Portal Contact Quick Links Plan a Campus Visit Take a Virtual Tour Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Search Ask A Question Undergraduate Admissions Apply Apply Apply How to Apply First-Year QuestBridge Transfer Eli Whitney: Nontraditional Non-Degree Advice Advice Advice Get Advice from Officers What Yale Looks For Podcast International Students Military Veterans First Generation College Students Rural and Small Town Students Affordability Affordability Affordability Learn How How Aid Works Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Explore Explore Explore Find Your And Embrace "And" Majors and Programs Student Life Student Voices Beyond the Classroom Connect Connect Connect Ask A Question Visit Campus Virtual Events Contact Admissions Counselors Virtual Tours Mailing List Yale University Applicant Status Portal Contact Quick Links Plan a Campus Visit Take a Virtual Tour Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Search Ask A Question Show all breadcrumbs Home Home Affordability Affordable. For Everyone. Affordable. For Everyone. Two principles: need-blind admissions and need-based financial aid are at the cornerstone of Yale's approach. Need-blind admissions A family's ability to pay is not a factor in the admissions process-for any student, anywhere in the world. Need-based financial aid Yale awards all financial aid on the basis of financial need in the form of scholarships, not loans. 80% US families with children who qualify for grants covering at least the cost of tuition $75,220 Average annual need-based scholarship 88% Yale College graduates with no student loan debt 21% Students whose families pay nothing to attend No Cost For families with incomes below $100,000 and typical assets No Tuition For families with incomes below $200,000 and typical assets At Yale, we believe that cost should never be a barrier to achieving your academic dreams. That's why we award every dollar of undergraduate financial aid on the basis of a family's demonstrated financial need, and our aid offers meet 100% of demonstrated need - regardless of a student's citizenship or immigration status - without requiring loans. We invite you to learn more and to get a personalized estimate of your Yale cost. Financial aid checklist If you expressed interest in applying for financial aid when completing the application for admission, a personalized financial aid checklist will appear on your status portal. Check regularly, as new required documents may be added during the review process. Log into the applicant status portal Yale's approach to need-based aid Every family's financial situation is different. Yale's personal financial aid counselors assess a family's financial need through a holistic review process that considers many factors including income, assets, family size, and unique circumstances. After assessing a family's need, Yale awards financial aid in the form of scholarship grants, which never need to be repaid. Yale does not require students to use loans to finance their education, and loans are not included in initial financial aid offers. However, some students and families choose to use loans to cover part or all of their costs; in these cases, their personal financial aid counselor can assist them through the loan process. How to apply Review the Office of Undergraduate Financial Aid's instructions for prospective students to find common requirements. Most applicants should expect to submit the materials below. After submitting the FAFSA and CSS Profile online, send all other required documents via IDOC . Common financial aid requirements Expand All FAFSA The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is used by colleges to determine how much financial aid a student is eligible to receive, which could include grants, scholarships, work-study funds, and loans. FAFSA is required for all financial aid applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents. Most of the required information can be gathered from your federal tax returns. Complete the FAFSA online and submit to Yale using code: 001426 . CSS Profile The College Scholarship Service (CSS) Profile , is an online application used to award non-federal institutional aid. This CSS Profile is required by for all financial aid applicants. Yale's CSS Profile code is 3987. Applicants in the U.S. from low-income families with few assets automatically receive a fee waiver when completing the CSS Profile. Tax Returns US Citizens and permanent residents submit signed copies of parent and student tax returns (Form 1040), using the College Board's Imaging and Documentation (IDOC) Service . IDOC is available after an applicant submits the CSS Profile. If no federal tax return was filed, submit a Non-Tax Filer's Statement . Timelines Applicants should submit financial aid documents by the dates below to ensure that, if admitted, a student has an award letter in time to make a matriculation decision by the reply deadline: QuestBridge: November 1 Early Action: November 1 (US Citizens/Permanent Residents), December 1 (International Citizens) Regular Decision: February 15 Transfer: April 1 Eli Whitney: April 1 What can we expect to pay? Annual Income The Typical Yale Family Pays $100,000 $0 $150,000 $10,000 $200,000 $20,000 $250,000 $43,000 $300,000 $53,000 $350,000 $63,000 Families with annual incomes below $100,000 and typical assets qualify for a zero parent share award. A zero parent share award covers the full cost of tuition and fees, housing, food, and travel with a Yale Scholarship. Qualifying students also receive hospitalization insurance coverage and $2,000 start-up grant in their first year. Families with annual incomes below $200,000 and typical assets qualify for a need-based scholarship that covers at least the cost of tuition. Use one of Yale's quick cost calculators to get a personalized estimate of your Yale cost. More affordability resources Undergraduate Financial Aid Fellowships and Funding ROTC at Yale Veterans Benefits Yale College New Students Career Strategy International and Summer Programs Registrar Accessibility Services Visitor Center Yale Hub  Accessibility at Yale | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2026 Yale University. All rights reserved. Ask a question