Skip to secondary menu Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions Menu Yale University Applicant Status Portal Contact Quick Links Plan a Campus Visit Take a Virtual Tour Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Search Ask A Question Undergraduate Admissions Apply Apply Apply How to Apply First-Year QuestBridge Transfer Eli Whitney: Nontraditional Non-Degree Advice Advice Advice Get Advice from Officers What Yale Looks For Podcast International Students Military Veterans First Generation College Students Rural and Small Town Students Affordability Affordability Affordability Learn How How Aid Works Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Explore Explore Explore Find Your And Embrace "And" Majors and Programs Student Life Student Voices Beyond the Classroom Connect Connect Connect Ask A Question Visit Campus Virtual Events Contact Admissions Counselors Virtual Tours Mailing List Yale University Applicant Status Portal Contact Quick Links Plan a Campus Visit Take a Virtual Tour Estimate Your Cost Financial Aid Office Search Ask A Question Show all breadcrumbs Home Home Apply to Yale as a First-Year Student In This Section Requirements Timelines Standardized Testing Supplementary Materials Essay Topics Standardized Testing First-year and transfer applicants are required to include scores from the ACT or SAT. Applicants may self-report scores on the application. Admitted students will submit official scores that match their self-reported scores prior to enrolling. Yale's standardized testing policy All first-year and transfer applicants must include scores from the ACT or SAT. Include scores in the testing section of the application or submit an update with scores via the applicant status portal. The admissions office does not prefer scores from one exam over the other. The Science and Writing sections on the ACT are optional. Standardized tests: our advice Learn more about how Yale considers standardized tests as one component of its holistic evaluation process. Yale's advice on standardized testing Testing policies Expand All ACT required sections If you opt to report results from the ACT, include scores from the English, Mathematics, and Reading sections, as well as a Composite score. The Science and Writing sections are optional. Super-scoring You may report "super-scored" results from the SAT or ACT, i.e. your highest section scores or an ACT composite score from across multiple test administrations. A super-scored ACT composite must match what the testing agency provides. Do not recalculate an ACT composite from ACT tests with a required Science section and ACT tests with an optional Science section. Reporting some or all AP or IB Scores If you have completed AP or IB exams, you may include the scores of your choosing in the testing section of your application along with your ACT or SAT score(s). Including AP or IB scores is not required but is encouraged for students who have completed AP- or IB-designated coursework. Applicants may submit predicted IB scores, if available, but these are not required. Expand All Self-reported and official scores Yale considers self-reported scores when reviewing applications. Applicants who are admitted and matriculate at Yale will be required to provide official results of all self-reported scores prior to enrolling. Discrepancies between an applicant's self-reported scores and official scores may result in the withdrawal of an offer of admission. Yale's CEEB code for the SAT and AP is 3987; the ACT code is 0618. Updating scores after applying You may self-report new or additional scores after submitting your application by using the "Update Admissions Application" form on the Yale Admissions Status Portal, or list Yale as an official score recipient with the testing agency. Completing tests after the application deadline Scores from standardized tests completed after the application deadline may arrive in time to be considered by the Admissions Committee. ACT and SAT exams completed in October or November are generally available for consideration in Yale's Single-Choice Early Action round. Exams completed in January or February are generally available for consideration in the Regular Decision round. Exams completed in March are generally available for consideration for transfer applicants. Testing for non-native English speakers If you are a non-native English speaker without two or more years of enrollment in an English-medium school, you are required to submit scores from an English proficiency test, in addition to fulfilling Yale's standardized testing requirement with ACT or SAT scores. English proficiency test options Expand All Test of English as a Foreign Language TOEFL The TOEFL iBT requires pre-registration for available testing dates. Applicants can take the test at home or at a test center. Yale's most competitive applicants typically earn a score of 5 or higher (for tests taken after January 21, 2026) or at least 100 (for tests taken before January 21, 2026). International English Language Testing System IELTS The IELTS offers proficiency tests in locations around the world. Pre-registration is required. Yale's most competitive applicants have IELTS scores of 7 or higher. Cambridge English Qualifications Cambridge English exams are available at testing locations around the world. Pre-registration is required. Yale's most competitive applicants have Cambridge English scores of 185 or higher on the C1 Advanced, C2 Proficiency, or B2 First exams. Duolingo English Test DET Duolingo English Test (DET) combines an English proficiency test with a brief video interview. Duolingo's technology and format allows applicants to complete the test at any time or place with internet access. Yale's most competitive applicants have DET scores of at least 120. InitialView InitialView provides live, unscripted video interviews that candidates may submit to colleges for consideration with other application materials. Interview times must be reserved in advance. There is no scoring associated with these interviews. Learn more about first-year admission Requirements Yale requires letters of recommendation, a school report with transcript, and standardized test scores. Timelines Learn about single-choice early action, regular decision, and the QuestBridge National College Match. Testing First-year and transfer applicants must include scores from the ACT or SAT when applying. Supplements Applicants may submit supplementary material showcasing Visual Art, Dance, Music, Film, or STEM research. Yale College New Students Career Strategy International and Summer Programs Registrar Accessibility Services Visitor Center Yale Hub  Accessibility at Yale | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2026 Yale University. All rights reserved. Ask a question