Skip to main content Loading weather... Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Apply Visit Give Soka University of America Information For Menu Main Nav (soka) Search About Expand submenu Close Mission and Values News & Events Visit Soka SUA's Heritage Soka Heritage Hall University Leadership Soka Institute for Global Solutions Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sustainability Faculty & Staff Directory Institutional Research & Assessment Accreditation Academics Expand submenu Close Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Academic Facilities Academic Services Faculty Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Admissions & Aid Expand submenu Close ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Student Life Expand submenu Close Living at SUA Student Activities Leadership & Service Career Development Office Career Readiness Hub Bridges to Business Athletics Recreation New Student Orientation Information Student Handbook Orientation & Commencement Welcome to Soka Welcome to Soka News & Events Soka Bookstore Support SUA Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Founders Gallery Soka Heritage Hall Tours Strategic Marketing and Communications Visit Soka Shortcuts Job Opportunities Faculty & Staff Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Information Technology Services Contact Us Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Performing Arts Center Parents & Family Alumni Donors Faculty & Staff Community Members Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Home Admissions & Aid How to Apply In this section ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Undergraduate Graduate School Admission dates and deadlines Already applied? Log in to your GoSoka! account to check your application status. Login to GoSoka! Early Action Nov 1 Decision By Dec 8 Regular Admission Jan 15 Decision By Mar 15 How to apply as an undergraduate All students applying to the Undergraduate Program apply as a first-year student. Here's how the process works. Expand All Collapse All Choose your path and apply Regardless if you are applying as a student from within the United States or as an international student, you can apply at soka.edu/apply using the Soka Application or the Common Application . Students who submit an application will be able to manage their application with their GoSoka! account . Applications open August 1 each year. The Soka Application In order to start an application with the Soka Application, you will need a GoSoka! account. First-time user/applicant: You will visit the Soka Application page and follow the steps for "First-time users." This will create your GoSoka! account. Returning users: Please follow the "Returning users" steps on the Soka Application page as you may already have a GoSoka! account created. The Common Application You may use the Common Application to apply to Soka University of America. Once you have created a Common Application account and submitted your application through Common Application , you will receive an email in 2-3 business days that will provide you steps to setup your GoSoka! account . This email will be sent to the email address you entered into your Common Application . Applying for Early Action Soka University of America provides an Early Action process by which students can receive early notification of acceptance. Early Action is non-binding and most applicants choosing the Early Action option have high academic qualifications. Applicants not admitted in the Early Action round may be rolled over to the Regular Admission process for the term in which they applied. At the discretion of the Admission Committee, applicants may be re-assessed with the applicant pool for Regular Admission. Students rolled over to Regular Admission may provide updated materials, specifically transcripts, mid-year reports, test scores, and extracurricular activities. Students denied admission for Early Action may not re-apply for Regular Admission for the same term. Should an applicant require more time to complete their application, it is recommended that they apply for Regular Admission. Homeschooled, Undocumented, or DACA Students Homeschooled applicants and undocumented or DACA students follow the same core application process as other first-year applicants, with some variation. Details and FAQ's can be found below. Applying as a homeschooled student Undocumented & DACA applicants Managing your application with your GoSoka! account Your GoSoka! account is your personal admissions hub - use it to upload documents, connect with your admissions counselor, schedule a virtual meeting, and receive status updates along with your admission decision. Once your account is active, log in at go.soka.edu to upload required documents and monitor your checklist. It is important to ensure we receive your materials by the listed deadlines. Our Undergraduate Timelines and Deadlines policies and guidance page will provide these details. Admission application checklist and requirements Everything listed below must be received by your application deadline. Application fee - You may pay your $30 application fee through your GoSoka! account . Common Application students may pay through the Common Application. We accept fee waivers from the Common Application , College Board , and NACAC . Official transcripts - from your high school/secondary school, plus transcripts from any college coursework completed. Coursework outside of the United States may be subject to an internal credential evaluation . Information and policies regarding all transcripts, how transcripts can be sent to us, and any international country specific requirements can be found on our Transcript Requirements page . Letters of recommendation ( 2 required )- Academic recommendations (from a principal, headmaster, school counselor, or teacher) are preferred. We ask that recommender's use the official form provided in the Soka Application or the Common Application (School Report with recommendation, Teacher Evaluation, Counselor Recommendation, Other Recommendation). Up to three letters of recommendation will be accepted from teachers, counselors, or others who can speak to your academic ability and character. Essay (1 required) - Your essay is an opportunity for you to present us with your genuine, authentic voice. We understand that Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools are increasingly accessible and will continue to develop and expand in their capabilities. Using AI tools to write your materials might take away your chance to show what makes you special and present your creative thoughts driven from the essay prompt . Please visit our essay prompt page for details on the required prompt and formatting requirements. List of extracurricular activities - we require a list of extracurricular activities or talents demonstrating outside interests and leadership experience. The activities section of the Soka application and Common Application fulfills this requirement when filled out fully leadership roles, community involvement, athletics, work experience English proficiency - Applicants for whom English is not their native language will need to demonstrate English proficiency by submitting TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) or Duolingo English Test results. It is preferred for applicants to pass the TOEFL iBT exam with a minimum score of 4 (prior to January 2026, a minimum score of 80) or pass the Duolingo English Test with a minimum score of 115 (160 scale). The Office of Admission does not accept TOEFL iBT or Duolingo English Test scores older than two years of the testing date. We do not accept the IELTS or Cambridge English. Official TOEFL iBT or Duolingo English Test scores must be sent directly to the Office of Admission. Student copies and self-reported scores are not accepted. The TOEFL® school code for Soka University of America is 4066. For Duolingo, please select "Soka University of America Undergraduate Admissions." Official ACT or SAT scores (optional) - submit if you feel they strengthen your application. For those who would like to send their test scores, Soka University of America's SAT code is 4066, and the ACT code is 0467. Test scores will be official if the SAT or ACT examination scores are sent directly to Soka University of America by the testing agency. The name used for your SAT and/or ACT examinations must be your legal name that you use on your admission application. The Office of Admission does not accept SAT or ACT scores older than five years from the testing date. Soka University of America does not require the SAT II-SAT Subject Test. Important Information: * All materials received are subject to verification and validation for authenticity. Documents Not in English Policy Materials Received by Soka University of America Policy Undergraduate Timelines and Deadlines policies and guidance Additional Admission Policies and Guidance What we look for Soka University of America (SUA) seeks students of intelligence and commitment who will provide leadership in the promotion of peace and human rights. SUA serves highly motivated students of all backgrounds and beliefs who have excelled in a range of academic courses. Admission to SUA is competitive and selective. Although all successful applicants may have strong academic records, good grades and test scores are not enough by themselves for an applicant to be accepted. The Admission Committee carefully considers a number of criteria without emphasis on any one factor. Eligibility to apply Applicants can apply before receiving their first-semester senior grades. Applicants will need to: a) have completed high school/secondary school or equivalent or b) will complete high school/secondary school or equivalent by July 8th in the year they are applying to. Contact us Our office hours are Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific time Mailing Address Soka University of America Attn. Office of Admission 1 University Drive Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 Toll-free: 1-888-600-7652 Undergraduate Admissions (949) 480-4150 | admission@soka.edu International Student Services (949) 480-4150 | internationaladmission@soka.edu Connect with an admissions counselor Our team of admission counselors is here to assist you through every step of your college search and admission process. Meet your undergraduate admission counselor and see when we are visiting a college fair near you. Join our mailing list Join our mailing list to be added to our email and mail list. We frequently email with information about events, admission reminders, and more. Experience campus Campus tours See and experience the beauty of Soka University's campus and surroundings in Aliso Viejo, CA. We are excited for the return of our on-campus campus tours for prospective high school students . If you are unable to visit our campus, you can still experience our campus through our 360 view virtual tour . Learn More Discover Soka: Visit • Explore • Engage Open House and Campus Days Learn more about Soka University and visit our campus. This is a great way for high school students to meet our campus community and to learn about some of the student experiences, our academics, and more. Learn More Around Aliso Viejo There is plenty to explore at Soka and around Aliso Viejo. In addition to nearby eateries and entertainment, the Soka Performing Arts Center is a modern venue that features world-class acoustics and attracts performers from around the globe. Learn More Graduate admission dates and deadlines Already applied? Log in to your GoSoka! account to check your application status. Log In to GoSoka! Regular Admission Feb 15 Decision By April 2 How to apply to the Graduate School The Graduate School of Soka University of America seeks to admit qualified students to the Master of Arts in Educational Leadership and Societal Change program. Various factors are considered in the admissions decision, including academic readiness, motivation, prior academic training and performance. Non-academic experiences are relevant in evaluating motivation and readiness for graduate study. Expand All Collapse All Start and submit your application Regardless if you are applying as a student from within the United States or as an international student, you can apply at soka.edu/apply using the Soka Application . Applications are open. The Soka Application In order to start an application with the Soka Application, you will need a GoSoka! account. First-time user/applicant: You will visit the Soka Application page and follow the steps for "First-time users." This will create your GoSoka! account. Returning users: Please follow the "Returning users" steps on the Soka Application page as you may already have a GoSoka! account created. Manage your application with your GoSoka! account Your GoSoka! account is your personal admissions hub - use it to upload documents, connect with your admissions counselor, schedule a virtual meeting, and receive status updates along with your admission decision. Once your account is active, log in at go.soka.edu to upload required documents and monitor your checklist. It is important to ensure we receive your materials by the listed deadlines. Our Graduate Admission Timelines and Deadlines policies and guidance page will provide these details. Graduate Admission application checklist and requirements Everything listed below must be received by the February 15 deadline. Upload documents through your GoSoka! account after you apply. Application fee - A $30 (USD) nonrefundable application fee is required to submit the Soka Online Application. Payments can be made online through the applicant's GoSoka! Account at go.soka.edu . Payments can also be mailed to the Admission Office. Official transcripts - Applicants should request that all previous academic institution(s) send an official transcript covering all undergraduate studies (and graduate studies, if any) directly to the Office of Graduate Admission at Soka University of America. Only official transcripts that are signed, stamped and sealed, or otherwise certified, by the issuing institution will be accepted. The applicant is responsible for ensuring complete, official transcripts are on file with the Office of Graduate Admission. Work in progress will be considered in fulfillment of requirements, and admission may be granted subject to the filing of final transcripts before enrollment, showing satisfactory completion of work in progress. Two letters of recommendation - Ask two individuals who are qualified to evaluate your educational background and/or academic and professional achievement to complete a recommendation for you. Recommendations are usually from the applicant's former or current professors who are able to give an in-depth evaluation of the applicant's strengths and weaknesses with respect to academic work. They should paint as full a picture of you as possible for the admission committee, saying how well and in what capacity they know you and frankly stating deficiencies as well as merits. They should provide a candid opinion of your ability to undertake graduate study and your potential for a career in educational leadership. Please ask your recommender's to use the official Reference/Recommendation Form provided by Soka University of America. Type or clearly print your name on each form and sign the waiver statement. Give each recommender the Reference/Recommendation Form and ask them to return the completed form directly to the Office of Graduate Admission in a sealed envelope. Personal statement - Please write a brief statement in which you describe your ambitions, skills, experience, and why you have a passion for our MA program. The Personal Statement is an opportunity for you to articulate your background/experience, past work in your intended field of study, your goals for graduate study and a professional career, experience, and any other information you feel is relevant or as it relates. Resume or CV - A copy of your resume or CV is required. This document will outline your experiences and skills as they relate to the graduate program. Academic writing sample - An academic writing sample is required for all applicants. This should be: A college-level research paper written for one of your classes A college-level research paper written or used as a graduation requirement (E.g., senior thesis) An independent research paper The topic of the sample you submit is less important than the strength of the sample itself. The sample should clearly articulate your writing and research skills as a student. It is not necessary to include the grade or the instructor's comments with your submission. English proficiency - Any applicant whose native language is not English is required to submit either a TOEFL® iBT or Duolingo English Test score report. Soka University of America prefers a TOEFL® iBT minimum score of 5 (prior to January 2026, a minimum score of 100) or a Duolingo English Test minimum score of 130 (160 Scale). TOEFL iBT or Duolingo English Test must have been taken within the two years from the testing date. All official test scores must be sent to Soka University of America's Office of Graduate Admission directly from the testing agency. Student copies and self-reported scores are not accepted. The TOEFL® school code for Soka University of America is 4720. For Duolingo, please select "Soka University of America." Official GRE or MAT scores (optional) - Official GRE or MAT test scores are not required for admission consideration. For students who wish to provide official test scores, an official score report for the Graduate Record Examination (GRE®) or Miller Analogies Test (MAT®) taken within the past five years is required of all applicants. Official GRE® or MAT® scores must be sent directly to the Soka University of America's Office of Graduate Admission. The GRE® school code for Soka University of America is 4720 and the MAT® school code is 3458. Student copies and self-reported scores are not accepted. For information about the test, the student should check the GRE® website or the MAT® website . Important Information: * All materials received are subject to verification and validation for authenticity. Documents Not in English Policy Materials Received by Soka University of America Policy Graduate Admission Timelines and Deadlines policies and guidance Additional Admission Policies and Guidance Eligibility to apply Applicants can apply before receiving their final semester grades. Applicants will need to either a) have completed a four-year bachelor's degree in the United States or equivalent; or b) will complete a four-year bachelor's degree in the United States or equivalent by July 8th in the year they are applying to. Contact us Our office hours are Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific time Mailing Address Soka University of America Attn. Office of Graduate Admission 1 University Drive Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 Graduate Admissions (Domestic and International) (949) 480-4111 | grad_admissions@soka.edu Connect with a Graduate School admissions counselor Our team of admission counselors is here to assist you through every step of your college search and admission process. Meet your Graduate School admission counselor and see when we are visiting a college fair near you. Join our mailing list Join our mailing list to be added to our email and mail list. We frequently email with information about events, admission reminders, and more. Experience our community Campus Tour and Meet We are committed to providing Graduate School prospective students an opportunity to visit our beautiful campus and meet with admissions to learn more about the unique and dynamic nature of our learning community and how it is the source of our strength. We create value by fostering the compassion, wisdom, and courage inside each student so they may lead a contributive life. Plan Your Visit Online Information Meeting Paving a path towards positive change begins at the Soka University Graduate School. Our Master of Arts in Educational Leadership and Societal Change program prepares students to confront real world problems of education and society today and learn to become transformative leaders for the future. Sign up for a personalized online information session and learn more about our program including Academics, Financial Aid, and Admissions. Learn More Around Aliso Viejo There is plenty to explore at Soka and around Aliso Viejo. In addition to nearby eateries and entertainment, the Soka Performing Arts Center is a modern venue that features world-class acoustics and attracts performers from around the globe. Learn More What our world most requires now is the kind of education that fosters love for humankind, that develops character-that provides an intellectual basis for the realization of peace and empowers learners to contribute to and improve society. Daisaku Ikeda Founder, Soka University of America 1 University Drive, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 949-480-4000 info@soka.edu Jobs Directory Performing Arts Center Consumer Disclosures Title IX Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery Act) Report Facebook Instagram YouTube © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved Facebook Instagram YouTube