Skip to main content Loading weather... Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Apply Visit Give Soka University of America Information For Menu Main Nav (soka) Search About Expand submenu Close Mission and Values News & Events Visit Soka SUA's Heritage Soka Heritage Hall University Leadership Soka Institute for Global Solutions Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sustainability Faculty & Staff Directory Institutional Research & Assessment Accreditation Academics Expand submenu Close Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Academic Facilities Academic Services Faculty Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Admissions & Aid Expand submenu Close ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Student Life Expand submenu Close Living at SUA Student Activities Leadership & Service Career Development Office Career Readiness Hub Bridges to Business Athletics Recreation New Student Orientation Information Student Handbook Orientation & Commencement Welcome to Soka Welcome to Soka News & Events Soka Bookstore Support SUA Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Founders Gallery Soka Heritage Hall Tours Strategic Marketing and Communications Visit Soka Shortcuts Job Opportunities Faculty & Staff Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Information Technology Services Contact Us Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Performing Arts Center Parents & Family Alumni Donors Faculty & Staff Community Members Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Home Admissions & Aid Aid for International Undergraduate Students In this section ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Paying for college shouldn't be a barrier to coming to Soka. International students are eligible for need-based financial aid through the Soka International Student Financial Aid Application. Important dates and deadlines These dates apply to all international undergraduate applicants. Aid offers are released the second week of March. Verified aid packages are released the first week of June. Financial aid disbursement for fall semester occurs the first week of classes. Financial Aid Applications Open Oct 1 Priority Deadline - New Applicants Feb 15 Financial Aid Application Deadline Mar 2 Supporting Materials Due May 1 Checklist: How to apply Expand All Collapse All Step 1 - Complete the Soka International Financial Aid Application Download and submit the Soka International Student Financial Aid Application . You are encouraged to apply by February 15 to receive an aid offer in March. Submit your completed application and all supporting financial documentation by the priority deadline. Submit no later than March 2 to be considered for priority funding - late applications may affect your eligibility for need-based grants. If you have trouble accessing this form, contact the Office of Financial Aid for assistance. Step 2 - Submit supporting documentation Upon review of your application, the Office of Financial Aid may request additional verification documents. Any required items will appear in your to do list in your Learn account. Step 3 - Review and accept your aid offer You'll receive an official aid offer with instructions to accept or decline online. You are never required to accept loans. Step 4 - Complete Soka Loan paperwork (if applicable) If you accept a Soka Loan, the Office of Financial Aid will contact you with instructions for completing your Master Promissory Note (MPN), Entrance Counseling, and Self-Certification Form. Contact the office to set up a debt counseling session if you have questions about how much to borrow. Explore your aid options Types of aid Learn what grants, scholarships, and loans are available to international students. Learn More Soka Opportunity Plan See how Soka's need-based aid program works and what your family might expect to pay. Learn More Estimate your costs Get a personalized estimate of your costs before you apply. Learn More Contact the Office of Financial Aid Soka University of America Attn: Office of Financial Aid 1 University Drive Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 (949) 480-4342 | financialaid@soka.edu Office hours are Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Our offices are located on the second floor of Founders Hall. To schedule an appointment, email financialaid@soka.edu 1 University Drive, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 949-480-4000 info@soka.edu Jobs Directory Performing Arts Center Consumer Disclosures Title IX Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery Act) Report Facebook Instagram YouTube © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved Facebook Instagram YouTube