Skip to main content Loading weather... Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Apply Visit Give Soka University of America Information For Menu Main Nav (soka) Search About Expand submenu Close Mission and Values News & Events Visit Soka SUA's Heritage Soka Heritage Hall University Leadership Soka Institute for Global Solutions Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sustainability Faculty & Staff Directory Institutional Research & Assessment Accreditation Academics Expand submenu Close Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Academic Facilities Academic Services Faculty Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Admissions & Aid Expand submenu Close ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Student Life Expand submenu Close Living at SUA Student Activities Leadership & Service Career Development Office Career Readiness Hub Bridges to Business Athletics Recreation New Student Orientation Information Student Handbook Orientation & Commencement Welcome to Soka Welcome to Soka News & Events Soka Bookstore Support SUA Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Founders Gallery Soka Heritage Hall Tours Strategic Marketing and Communications Visit Soka Shortcuts Job Opportunities Faculty & Staff Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Information Technology Services Contact Us Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Performing Arts Center Parents & Family Alumni Donors Faculty & Staff Community Members Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Home Admissions & Aid Admission Policies and FAQ In this section ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs All students seeking to study at Soka University of America must be formally admitted. Soka University of America admits qualified students regardless of their race, color, ancestry, national or ethnic origin, citizenship, religious creed, sex or gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, status as a disabled veteran, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law and thereafter accords them all the rights and privileges generally made available to students at the institution. Admission checklist and documents Applicants are responsible for managing their checklist and ensuring the Office of Admission or Office of Graduate Admission receives their required or requested documents by the listed application deadline(s) to be considered by the admission committees. Applicants who submit their application can manage their requirements by accessing their GoSoka! Account at go.soka.edu. All documents delivered to Soka University of America or provided with the application become the property of Soka University of America and cannot be returned, including official transcripts submitted for credit earned at other institutions. Soka University of America may require that an applicant obtain an evaluation of their academic credit from an outside organization that provides foreign credential evaluation services to evaluate transfer credits from foreign institutions. Faxed, scanned, emailed, and late application materials will not be accepted. All documents and materials received are subject to validation and verification for authenticity. Documents not in English Documents not in English will require English translations. Applicants must provide the original document and an English translation that meets our criteria. English translations: Must be complete and literal with no attempts to interpret or evaluate the document. Must be prepared in the same layout and arrangement as the original document. Must be certified and signed by a translator attesting to their familiarity with the foreign language. It is preferred that translations be provided by either the institution providing the credential or a translation agency. May not be provided by the student or members of their family. Dual-language transcripts are acceptable. Soka University of America can include additional requirements as needed. Admission decisions Soka University of America may select its students, deny, or rescind any offer of admission at its sole discretion based on the best interest of Soka University of America and the applicant's qualifications, including, but not limited to: Applicants who do not completely and accurately disclose required information or falsification of documentation (applicants found to submit altered, forged, or falsified documentation, may be denied admission or have any admission offer rescinded). Inappropriate behavior by applicants, including those that pose a threat, present a danger to the college community, or other behaviors where it is considered to be in the best interest of the college. Terms of admission All offers of admission are conditional, pending receipt of final transcripts (by August 1) showing work comparable in quality to that which was offered at the time of admission and certifying the diploma/degree earned and official date of completion/graduation. Students offered admission are expected to indicate their intent to enroll and submit a non-refundable $400 enrollment deposit. The Office of Admission must receive the enrollment deposit for the student by May 1 of the year the applicant applied to. Admission offers are valid for the term the student has applied for. Students who seek to defer their admission may do so after confirming their intent to enroll with a $400 enrollment deposit. Admission offers can be deferred for up to one year (extended periods can be appealed to the Dean of Enrollment Services). Undergraduate admission timelines and deadlines Soka University conducts both Early Action and Regular Admission rounds. The application and document deadline for Early Action is November 1 and January 15 for Regular Admission. All required documents must be received by the Office of Admission by the deadline for the round the student has applied to be considered for admission. Documents received after the deadline for the term the student has applied to may not be considered as is at the discretion of the Office of Admission. Domestic applicants require a minimum completion of 11th grade (or equivalent). First-semester senior grades are preferred if you apply directly to Regular Admission. You can complete this with a mid-year or updated transcript that shows your grades and courses for the first half of the academic year. Soka University of America provides an Early Action process by which students can receive early notification of acceptance. Early Action is non-binding at Soka University of America. Most applicants choosing the Early Action option have high academic qualifications. Early Action decision letters are usually released on or before December 8. Applicants who are not admitted in the Early Action round may be rolled over to the Regular Admission process for the term in which they applied. At the discretion of the Admission Committee, applicants may be re-assessed with the applicant pool for Regular Admission. Students who are denied admission for Early Action may not re-apply for Regular Admission for the same term. Should an applicant require more time to complete their application process, it is recommended that they apply for Regular Admission. Regular Admission decision letters are usually released within or before March 1 - March 15. Graduate admission timelines and deadlines Soka University conducts a Regular Admission round for the Graduate School. The application and document deadline is February 15 for Graduate School Regular Admission. All required documents must be received by the Office of Graduate Admission by the deadline for the term the student has applied to be considered for admission. Documents received after the deadline for the term the student has applied to may not be considered as is at the discretion of the Office of Graduate Admission. 1 University Drive, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 949-480-4000 info@soka.edu Jobs Directory Performing Arts Center Consumer Disclosures Title IX Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery Act) Report Facebook Instagram YouTube © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved Facebook Instagram YouTube