Skip to main content Loading weather... Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Apply Visit Give Soka University of America Information For Menu Main Nav (soka) Search About Expand submenu Close Mission and Values News & Events Visit Soka SUA's Heritage Soka Heritage Hall University Leadership Soka Institute for Global Solutions Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sustainability Faculty & Staff Directory Institutional Research & Assessment Accreditation Academics Expand submenu Close Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Academic Facilities Academic Services Faculty Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Admissions & Aid Expand submenu Close ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Student Life Expand submenu Close Living at SUA Student Activities Leadership & Service Career Development Office Career Readiness Hub Bridges to Business Athletics Recreation New Student Orientation Information Student Handbook Orientation & Commencement Welcome to Soka Welcome to Soka News & Events Soka Bookstore Support SUA Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Founders Gallery Soka Heritage Hall Tours Strategic Marketing and Communications Visit Soka Shortcuts Job Opportunities Faculty & Staff Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Information Technology Services Contact Us Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Performing Arts Center Parents & Family Alumni Donors Faculty & Staff Community Members Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Home Admissions & Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan In this section ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs At Soka University of America, we believe cost should not be a barrier to pursuing an exceptional education. The Soka Opportunity Plan guarantees eligible students a minimum level of tuition support based on their family's total income.* The plan combines merit scholarships, need-based grants, and institutional funding to provide the tuition coverage outlined below. Soka's guarantee Beginning with the 2027-2028 academic year, the updated Soka Opportunity Plan will apply to all eligible new and continuing undergraduate students. You'll automatically receive a Merit Scholarship upon admission, regardless of family income, based on the strength of your admission application. The Office of Financial Aid determines your eligibility for grants and other tuition-specific funding. Combined with your Merit Scholarship, these awards ensure you receive at least the tuition coverage shown below, based on your family's total income.* $200,000 or less 100% tuition covered $200,001-$250,000 50% tuition covered $250,001-$300,000 25% tuition covered These tiers take effect for the 2027-2028 academic year. Currently receiving aid under the 2026-2027 Soka Opportunity Plan? Contact the Office of Financial Aid for your current eligibility and details. Students who demonstrate additional financial need, as determined by the Office of Financial Aid through the financial aid application process, may qualify for additional grant assistance to help offset housing, meals, books, transportation, and other educational expenses within the Cost of Attendance . How the plan works Every admitted undergraduate receives a Merit Scholarship automatically, regardless of family income. After reviewing your financial aid application, the Office of Financial Aid assesses your demonstrated financial need and determines your eligibility for federal, state, and institutional need-based grants, including: Soka Opportunity Grant Federal Pell Grant Cal Grant A/B Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG) Any other grant, scholarship, waiver, or educational benefit designated specifically for tuition Students with lower family incomes and greater demonstrated financial need may qualify for aid beyond the guaranteed minimum. This additional assistance can help offset housing, meals, books, transportation, and other Cost of Attendance expenses. For many students with the highest demonstrated financial need, grants and scholarships may already meet or exceed full tuition coverage; a Middle Income Grant is added only when the combined tuition assistance does not meet the guaranteed minimum. See how below. How we meet the tuition guarantee The Office of Financial Aid adds together your Merit Scholarship, eligible need-based grants, and other tuition-specific funding. If the combined total is less than the tuition coverage guaranteed by the Soka Opportunity Plan, a Middle Income Grant is awarded to make up the difference. 100% Tuition Guarantee For families with total income* of $200,000 or less, the Soka Opportunity Plan guarantees 100% tuition coverage. If the combination of your Merit Scholarship, need-based grants, and other tuition-specific funding described above does not cover the full cost of tuition, Middle Income Grant 1 is added to your financial aid package to fill the remaining gap. 50% Tuition Guarantee For families with total income* of $200,001-$250,000, the Soka Opportunity Plan guarantees 50% tuition coverage. If the combination of your Merit Scholarship, need-based grants, and other tuition-specific funding described above does not cover 50% of tuition, Middle Income Grant 2 is added to your financial aid package to fill the remaining gap. 25% Tuition Guarantee For families with total income* of $250,001-$300,000, the Soka Opportunity Plan guarantees 25% tuition coverage. If the combination of your Merit Scholarship, need-based grants, and other tuition-specific funding described above does not cover the 25% of tuition, Middle Income Grant 3 is added to your financial aid package to fill the remaining gap. * What counts as your family's total income? Total family income refers to the income considered for financial aid eligibility as reported through the required financial aid application. This includes income reported on official tax documents and any untaxed income required as part of the financial aid application for the student and applicable parent(s) or legal guardian(s). The Soka Opportunity Plan uses total family income as determined through the financial aid application process. Individual household expenses and discretionary spending are not considered when determining eligibility for the Soka Opportunity Plan income tiers. Applying for the Soka Opportunity Plan You're automatically considered for the Soka Opportunity Plan when you apply for financial aid. Submit all required financial aid application materials by the priority deadline, and the Office of Financial Aid will review your eligibility based on your total family income* and financial aid application information. Questions about your eligibility or the financial aid application process? The Office of Financial Aid is here to help. Additional eligibility criteria Submit a financial aid application by the March 2 priority deadline each year Meet the total family income* requirements outlined above Be working toward your first bachelor's degree (domestic or international) Soka Opportunity Plan Eligibility is limited to eight terms (four years) of eligibility, including any term you withdraw from after classes begin Maintain Soka's satisfactory academic progress requirements . Additional scholarships and tuition benefits The Soka Opportunity Plan is only one part of the financial aid available at Soka. Students may qualify for other scholarships and awards regardless of family income, including merit and other institutional scholarship opportunities. See our full list of financial aid opportunities on the Types of Aid page. Athletic scholarships, private outside scholarships not designated for tuition, and other non-tuition awards are generally awarded in addition to the Soka Opportunity Plan and do not reduce your Middle Income Grant. Grants, scholarships, waivers, or other educational benefits specifically designated for tuition are included when calculating your Middle Income Grant. This ensures that your combined tuition-specific grants and scholarships do not exceed the cost of tuition. Contact the Office of Financial Aid 1 University Drive Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 (949) 480-4342 | Fax: (949) 480-4151 | financialaid@soka.edu Office hours Monday through Friday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Our offices are on the second floor of Founders Hall. To schedule an appointment, email financialaid@soka.edu . 1 University Drive, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 949-480-4000 info@soka.edu Jobs Directory Performing Arts Center Consumer Disclosures Title IX Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery Act) Report Facebook Instagram YouTube © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved Facebook Instagram YouTube