Skip to main content University Catalog soka.edu Main navigation Catalog Home Courses Undergraduate Program Graduate School Fulltext search Breadcrumb Home Applying for Undergraduate Admission Applying for Undergraduate Admission Download as PDF Soka University of America seeks students of intelligence and commitment who will provide leadership in the promotion of peace and human rights. Soka University of America serves highly motivated students of all backgrounds and beliefs who have excelled in a range of academic courses. Admission to SUA is competitive and selective. Although all successful applicants may have strong academic records, good grades and test scores are not enough by themselves for an applicant to be accepted. The Admission Committee carefully considers a number of criteria without emphasis on any one factor. Eligibility to Apply Applicants can apply before receiving their first-semester senior grades. Applicants will need to: a) have completed high school/secondary school or equivalent or b) will complete high school/secondary school or equivalent by July 8th in the year they are applying to. Deadlines for Undergraduate Admission Soka University of America conducts both Early Action and Regular Admission rounds. The application and document deadlines are November 1st for Early Action and January 15th for Regular Admission. The application form and all required and requested documents must be received by the Office of Admission by the deadline for the round the applicant has applied for to be considered for admission. About Early Action Soka University of America provides an Early Action process by which students can receive early notification of acceptance. Early Action is non-binding at Soka University of America. Most applicants choosing the Early Action option have high academic qualifications. Applicants not admitted in the Early Action round may be rolled over to the Regular Admission process for the term in which they applied. At the discretion of the Admission Committee, applicants may be re-assessed with the applicant pool for Regular Admission. Students rolled over to Regular Admission may provide updated materials, specifically transcripts, mid-year reports, test scores, and extracurricular activities. Students denied admission for Early Action may not re-apply for Regular Admission for the same term. Should an applicant require more time to complete their application, it is recommended that they apply for Regular Admission. Application Checklist and Requirements The student seeking admission to the BA in Liberal Arts program as a first-year student must fulfill the following application requirements to be considered for admission. Application requirements are frequently reviewed and can change without notice. All documents and materials received are subject to validation and verification for authenticity. Application Form: Applicants must use the Soka Online Application or the Common Application and fill out the application forms completely. Completed application forms should be signed and dated by the applicant. Soka University of America only accepts the Soka Online Application or the Common Application, which are available at admissions.soka.edu/apply . Application Fee: A $30 (USD) nonrefundable application fee (paid by check or money order only) is required when submitting a Soka Online Application or Common Application. Payments can be made online through the applicant's GoSoka! Account at go.soka.edu , or mailed to the Admission Office. Soka University of America requests that payment of all fees (application fee, enrollment deposit, etc.) be paid by check drawn on a US bank or an International Postal Order and in US dollars. Soka University of America accepts College Board, NACAC, and Common Application fee waivers. Eligible applicants are responsible for ensuring that a fee waiver or payment is sent to the Admission Office, or their application will be considered incomplete. Official Transcripts: Official transcripts from within and outside of the United States must be sent directly to Soka University of America. Printed transcripts are required to remain in their original sealed envelope from the school without indication of potential tampering. High school/secondary school transcripts Applicants must provide official transcripts produced/issued by their high school or secondary school showing all completed academic coursework. College/university transcripts of all coursework attempted Official Transcripts produced/issued by the College/University for all completed coursework are required. Applicants may submit unofficial copies of their college transcripts for their application checklist (applicants offered admission will be required to provide official college transcripts prior to enrollment). All college coursework completed while in high school as a part of dual enrollment or a graded program can be transcribed on the high school transcript. General Equivalency Diploma (GED) or High School Equivalency (HSE) If necessary, and as requested by the Office of Admission, General Equivalency Diploma (GED) or High School Equivalency (HSE) may need to be submitted. Admitted students must submit official score reports from the GED or HSE test and submit a copy of the GED or HSE certification to enroll. International Transcript Requirements Applicants who have completed coursework outside the US may be required to submit additional country-specific items such as national examination scores, diplomas, or other country-specific items. Applicants are responsible for reviewing and completing all international transcript requirements to be eligible for admission. Recommendations: Two letters of recommendation are required. Academic recommendations (from a principal, headmaster, school counselor, or teacher) are preferred. We ask that recommender's use the official form provided in the Soka Online Application or the Common Application. Up to three letters of recommendation will be accepted. English Proficiency: Applicants for whom English is not their native language will need to demonstrate English proficiency by submitting TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) or Duolingo English Test results. It is preferred for applicants to pass the TOEFL iBT exam with a minimum score of 4 (prior to January 2026, a minimum score of 80) or pass the Duolingo English Test with a minimum score of 115 (160 scale). The Office of Admission does not accept TOEFL iBT or Duolingo English Test scores older than two years of the testing date. Official TOEFL iBT or Duolingo English Test scores must be sent directly to the Office of Admission. Student copies and self-reported scores are not accepted. The TOEFL® school code for Soka University of America is 4066. For Duolingo, please select "Soka University of America Undergraduate Admissions." Mandatory Essays: Two mandatory essays that answer the prompted questions are required. These essay prompts can be found on our " How to Apply " webpage and within the student's GoSoka! Account at go.soka.edu. List of Extracurricular Activities: Soka University of America requires a list of extracurricular activities or talents demonstrating outside interests and leadership experience. The activities section of the Soka online application and Common Application fulfills this requirement when filled out fully. Official Test Scores (Optional): Official SAT or ACT test scores are not required for admission consideration. For those who would like to send their test scores, Soka University of America's SAT code is 4066, and the ACT code is 0467. Test scores will be official if the SAT or ACT examination scores are sent directly to Soka University of America by the testing agency. The name used for your SAT and/or ACT examinations must be your legal name that you use on your admission application. The Office of Admission does not accept SAT or ACT scores older than five years from the testing date. Soka University of America does not require the SAT II-SAT Subject Test. Admission Policies for Undergraduate & Graduate Admission Connecting with the Admission Office Applying for Undergraduate Admission Transfer Students Applying for Graduate Admission Transfer Credits (Graduate Admission) 1 University Drive, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 949-480-4000 info@soka.edu Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Jobs Directory Contact Us Directions Consumer Disclosures Title IX Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery Act) Report Coronavirus Update © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved Course Catalog Software by Clean Catalog