Skip to main content Loading weather... Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Apply Visit Give Soka University of America Information For Menu Main Nav (soka) Search About Expand submenu Close Mission and Values News & Events Visit Soka SUA's Heritage Soka Heritage Hall University Leadership Soka Institute for Global Solutions Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sustainability Faculty & Staff Directory Institutional Research & Assessment Accreditation Academics Expand submenu Close Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Academic Facilities Academic Services Faculty Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Admissions & Aid Expand submenu Close ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Student Life Expand submenu Close Living at SUA Student Activities Leadership & Service Career Development Office Career Readiness Hub Bridges to Business Athletics Recreation New Student Orientation Information Student Handbook Orientation & Commencement Welcome to Soka Welcome to Soka News & Events Soka Bookstore Support SUA Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Founders Gallery Soka Heritage Hall Tours Strategic Marketing and Communications Visit Soka Shortcuts Job Opportunities Faculty & Staff Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Information Technology Services Contact Us Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Performing Arts Center Parents & Family Alumni Donors Faculty & Staff Community Members Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Home Admissions & Aid How to Apply for Financial Aid In this section ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs The financial aid process at Soka starts with a single question: which application applies to you? Once you know that, the steps are straightforward. The Office of Financial Aid is available to help at any point along the way. Important dates and deadlines Dates apply to all students - domestic, international, and Dreamer. Aid offers are released the second week of March. Verified aid packages are released the first week of June. Financial aid disbursement for fall semester occurs the first week of classes. Financial aid applications open Oct 1 Priority deadline - new applicants Feb 15 Financial aid application deadline Mar 2 Supporting materials due May 1 International students: Soka is one of the few universities in the United States to offer need-based aid to international students. Visit Aid for International Undergraduate Students or Aid for International Graduate Students for eligibility and application steps. Undergraduate Graduate program Domestic students If you are a U.S. citizen, U.S. national, or eligible non-citizen, file the FAFSA. Expand All Collapse All Step 1 - Complete the FAFSA File your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Soka's school code is 041386 . File as early as possible after October 1. Soka uses the FAFSA to determine eligibility for federal, state, and institutional aid. File your FAFSA Step 2 - Review your aid offer Once admitted, you will receive a financial aid offer through your GoSoka! applicant portal. Review it carefully - your offer will itemize grants, scholarships, and any loans or work-study included. You are never required to accept loans. Step 3 - Submit verification documents (if requested) Some students are selected for verification by the federal government. If selected, the Office of Financial Aid will contact you with a list of required documents. Submit all materials by May 1. Step 4 - Accept your aid and enroll Confirm your aid package through your GoSoka! account. Federal Direct Loans require completion of a Master Promissory Note (MPN) and entrance counseling at studentaid.gov before funds are disbursed. Explore your aid options Types of aid Learn what grants, scholarships, and loans are available to domestic students. Learn More Soka Opportunity Plan See how Soka's need-based aid program works and what your family might expect to pay. Learn More Estimate your costs Get a personalized estimate of your costs before you apply. Learn More Dreamer students Undocumented and DACA students are not eligible for federal aid but have full access to Soka's institutional grants, scholarships, and university loan programs. The first step is determining which application applies to you. Expand All Collapse All Step 1 - Determine your application California Dream Application You qualify if you meet California AB 540 requirements: attended a California high school for at least three years (or equivalent), graduated or earned a GED/HiSET/TASC, will enroll at an accredited California institution, and do not hold a valid nonimmigrant visa. Students with Temporary Protected Status or a U Visa may be eligible. Soka Dream Application If you don't meet AB 540 requirements, use the Soka Dream Financial Aid Application - a university-specific form for students ineligible for FAFSA who do not qualify under AB 540, AB 130, or AB 131. California Dream Act Application Soka Dream Application Step 2 - Review your aid offer Once admitted, you will receive a financial aid offer through your GoSoka! applicant portal itemizing your institutional grants, scholarships, and any loan options. You are never required to accept loans. Step 3 - Submit verification documents (if requested) If additional documentation is needed, the Office of Financial Aid will contact you. Submit all requested materials by May 1. Step 4 - Accept your aid and enroll Confirm your aid package through your GoSoka! account. Students borrowing through the Soka institutional loan program will complete a separate promissory note process. The Office of Financial Aid will provide instructions. Domestic graduate students If you are a U.S. citizen, U.S. national, or eligible non-citizen, file the FAFSA. Expand All Collapse All Step 1 - Complete the FAFSA File your Free Application for Federal Student Aid at studentaid.gov . Soka's graduate school code is 038144 . File by February 15 to receive an estimated aid offer with your admission decision in March. The priority deadline is March 2. File your FAFSA Step 2 - Submit verification documents (if requested) If selected for verification by the Department of Education, required documents will appear on your To Do list in your Learn account. Step 3 - Accept your aid Once verification documents are reviewed, you'll receive an email to accept or decline your aid offer online through your Soka account. Step 4 - Complete loan paperwork (if applicable) If you accept federal loans, first-time borrowers must complete a Master Promissory Note and Loan Entrance Counseling at studentaid.gov . Your parents must complete a separate online application for the PLUS loan each year they wish to borrow. Dreamer graduate students Undocumented and DACA students are not eligible for federal aid but have full access to Soka's institutional grants, scholarships, and university loan programs. The first step is determining which application applies to you. Expand All Collapse All Step 1 - Determine your application California Dream Application You qualify if you meet California AB 540 requirements: attended a California high school for at least three years (or equivalent), graduated or earned a GED/HiSET/TASC, will enroll at an accredited California institution, and do not hold a valid nonimmigrant visa. Students with Temporary Protected Status or a U Visa may be eligible. California Dream Act Application Soka Dream Application If you don't meet AB 540 requirements, use the Soka Dream Financial Aid Application - a university-specific form for students ineligible for FAFSA who do not qualify under AB 540, AB 130, or AB 131. Soka Dream Application Step 2 - Submit supporting documentation Required documents will appear on your To Do list in your Learn account after your application is reviewed. Step 3 - Accept your aid You'll receive an official aid offer with instructions to accept or decline online through your Soka account. Contact the Office of Financial Aid Soka University of America Attn: Office of Financial Aid 1 University Drive Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 (949) 480-4342 | financialaid@soka.edu Office hours are Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Our offices are located on the second floor of Founders Hall. To schedule an appointment, email financialaid@soka.edu 1 University Drive, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 949-480-4000 info@soka.edu Jobs Directory Performing Arts Center Consumer Disclosures Title IX Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery Act) Report Facebook Instagram YouTube © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved Facebook Instagram YouTube