Skip to main content Loading weather... Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Apply Visit Give Soka University of America Information For Menu Main Nav (soka) Search About Expand submenu Close Mission and Values News & Events Visit Soka SUA's Heritage Soka Heritage Hall University Leadership Soka Institute for Global Solutions Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sustainability Faculty & Staff Directory Institutional Research & Assessment Accreditation Academics Expand submenu Close Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Academic Facilities Academic Services Faculty Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Admissions & Aid Expand submenu Close ADMISSIONS How to Apply Admission Policies & FAQ FINANCIAL AID Financial Aid The Soka Opportunity Plan How to Apply for Financial Aid Aid for International Undergraduates Aid for International Graduate Students Types of Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Financial Aid FAQs Student Life Expand submenu Close Living at SUA Student Activities Leadership & Service Career Development Office Career Readiness Hub Bridges to Business Athletics Recreation New Student Orientation Information Student Handbook Orientation & Commencement Welcome to Soka Welcome to Soka News & Events Soka Bookstore Support SUA Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Founders Gallery Soka Heritage Hall Tours Strategic Marketing and Communications Visit Soka Shortcuts Job Opportunities Faculty & Staff Directory Daisaku and Kaneko Ikeda Library Information Technology Services Contact Us Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Performing Arts Center Parents & Family Alumni Donors Faculty & Staff Community Members Performing Arts Center Campus Map Giving News & Events Undocumented and DACA Applicants Soka University is committed to providing accessible education to students of all nationalities, backgrounds, and beliefs who are highly motivated and have excelled in a range of academic courses. We extend our need-blind admissions policy and holistic application review to all students without regard to citizenship or immigration status. Important Information Expand All Collapse All How will Soka protect my personally identifiable information? Information regarding a student's citizenship status is protected by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) under Federal Law. As a result, Soka views the citizenship status of all members of our community as confidential and will not disclose such information without consent, or as may otherwise be required by law. Law enforcement, including immigration officials, will not be permitted to engage in immigration enforcement activities without a warrant or other legal process, or as may otherwise be required by law. For more information, we encourage you to review our FERPA information page . What do I need to submit with my application? Most students will generally follow the same admission checklist. You may follow the First Year checklist that is available within the How to Apply page . Your checklist requirement may differ once you have submitted your application. Once submitting your application, you may follow the checklist within your GoSoka! Account (your admission application portal). Do I need to fulfill an English proficiency requirement? All prospective students applying to Soka whose native language is not English are required to fulfill an English proficiency requirement. If you are a non-native English speaker who has completed at least three years of high school or graduated from a high school where English is the primary language of instruction, the TOEFL may be waived. Soka University requires the TOEFL iBT and a minimum score of 80. Soka University's school code for TOEFL is 4066. Please contact admission@soka.edu for questions or details regarding the requirement. Do I need to provide official transcripts? Yes, official transcripts are required for any secondary school(s), college(s) or university(s) attended inside and outside of the United States. Transcripts must be sent directly to Soka University of America. Am I eligible for financial aid? The Office of Financial Aid works to make a Soka education accessible to every admitted student. SUA's financial aid program provides need-based institutional grants, scholarships, and university loan programs - including support for undocumented and DACA students. For details, jump to the Aid for Dreamers section. 1 University Drive, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 949-480-4000 info@soka.edu Jobs Directory Performing Arts Center Consumer Disclosures Title IX Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery Act) Report Facebook Instagram YouTube © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved © 2026 Soka University All Rights Reserved Facebook Instagram YouTube