Vacancies Teacher's KPI Contacts Quick Links Timetable Intranet Intranet (part-time study) Library Email Students' Grades ID card recovery Attendance Conferences University University About Us Rector's Speech Our Mission Our Team Governance Internal Regulations Decree of the cabinet of ministers Sustainable Campus Appeal to the Rector Erasmus KIUT Shop Students' Union Academic Departments Departments Step Into the Future Programs Programs Bachelor's Programs Master's programs Evening Education Extramural education Transfer Scholarship, Financial Aid Free online courses School of Engineering School of Business and Finance School of Education School of Arts School of Medicine Admissions Admissions Master's degree Joint master's program Malaysia International Students Study in Korea International admission Tashkent Admission Namangan Admission Samarkand Admission MBA AlmaU Summer school FAQ Research Research Scientific councils Special and Qualification Examinations Training of Scientific and Pedagogical Personnel Information Resource Center Innovation Center Scientific Department Conferences collection Scientific Journals Scientific Articles Branches Branches Namangan Samarkand News en ru uz International Students Home Admissions International Students Admission for foreign students Admission rules for foreign students: KIUT accepts foreign citizens who have an education document issued by a foreign educational organization. Documents in a foreign language are provided with a notarized translation into English or Russian. Acceptance of documents for the training of foreign citizens is carried out from April 10 to August 15. The interview is held from August 1 to August 20. Enrollment in the number of full-time students is until August 31. Documents on education issued by foreign educational organizations undergo the nostrification procedure in accordance with the procedure established by the legislation of the Republic of Uzbekistan after enrollment of persons during the 1st (first) academic period of study. Necessary documents for admission: 1. Passport copy (in color) 2. Copy of diploma from lyceum / college / high school (in color) 3. Electronic photo taken in the last 3 months - 3.5 cm × 4.5 cm 4. Official foreign language proficiency test certificate "IELTS (5.5) / TOEFL iBT (60) / TOPIK (3)" (if available) 5. All listed above documents must be uploaded to admission.kiut.uz in electronic (scanned) form (the size of each document must not exceed 2 MB, in JPEG or PNG format) Rules of stay in Uzbekistan. Foreign students arriving in the Republic of Uzbekistan are divided into two categories: Foreign citizens who require a visa to Uzbekistan: After the applicant has passed the interview and entrance exams, the university issues an invitation to apply for a visa. The registration and sending of the invitation takes several weeks, so the following must be submitted to the university no later than 30 calendar days before the start of training. Documents required to receive an invitation to apply for a study visa for one year: The signed contract between the university and the applicant for training; Payment of a deposit of 50% of the total amount of 1 year of study to the university account; Payment of the visa fee; Fill Out the visa Application Form Depending on the country of citizenship of the student, the university may request additional documents. For timely registration, all foreign students arriving in the Republic of Uzbekistan must notify the university administration within 3 working days. Base: https://mfa.uz/en/pages/visa-republic-uzb Foreign citizens who do not need a study visa to enter Uzbekistan, but require migration registration at their place of residence for the entire period of study. For timely registration, all foreign students arriving in the Republic of Uzbekistan must notify the university administration within 3 working days. Timetable Intranet Intranet (part-time study) Library Email Students' Grades Students' Attendance Attendance 156, Shota Rustaveli st., 100121 Tashkent +998 78 129 40 40 info@kiut.uz Copyright © 2024 KIUT. All rights reserved