Skip to main content عربي English User menu SSO Login Log in Search Deanship of Admission and Registration Affairs Faqs Main navigation home ABOUT Dean's Message Former Deans and Vice Deans ADMISSIONS Admission to Bachelor's Programs for Saudi Students Admission Guide for Undergraduate (Bachelor's) Programs Admission for Non Saudi Students Transferring to the University Visiting Student Frequently Asked Questions About Admission Forms اللوائح Students Stipends Students with Special Needs Services Faqs Transcripts Colleges Transfer Between Colleges Forms & Regulations Regulations Faqs When I withdraw from the summer session, is this reckoned as one of the withdrawal times due under the statutes of the university? No, It is not reckoned as one of the times the student is entitled to withdraw from a semester (3 times), but withdrawal from a course in the summer session is counted as one of the number of courses the student is entitled to withdraw . . . Am I eligible to withdraw more than one course in the same semester? The statutes of the university stipulate that a student may withdraw only one course during the semester provided that the number of credit units left after the withdrawal is not less than 12 credit hours. The Student Trouble Committee is entrusted with checking the cases that request withdrawal from more than one course in the same semester. What is the difference between withdrawal from a semester and its postponement, and which one is better? The student is advised to postpone study in a semester if he knows that he is unable to study that semester. The application is submitted electronically through the portal before the start of the semester. The period allotted to receiving applications for study postponement expire by the end of the first week of each semester. Postponement is not be reckoned part the regulated period for completing the study program. As for withdrawal, it is a way to avoid failing all courses in that semester in the event that an urgency stops the student from continuing study. An application for withdrawal from a semester can be submitted as of the second week and up to five weeks before final examinations start. It is reckoned part of the regulated period for completing the study program. As a result of withdrawal, the student's monthly stipend is suspended.In both cases, applications are subject to the consideration and approval of the college in which the student study. The student is advised not to use either unless he/she is entirely unable to attend regularly as this will definitely delay his/her graduation. Is there any particular rule for the student who wants to postpone study due to accompanying her husband? The student trouble committee considers the cases that has changes of student's social, residential or occupational status. Then recommendations are made to treat each case adequately in the light of the university statutes. Do I have the right to transfer from another university to KSU? Yes, but according to the conditions set by the University Board. In addition, the college to which you want to transfer should approve it, and submission should be in the period assigned to receiving transfer applications. Are all the courses I studied at my university reckoned in case of approving my transfer to King Saud University? The student should submit descriptions of the courses already studied to the college to which he/she is transferred. The college has the right to note the courses equivalent to the parallel courses in the study plan provided that the equivalent credit hours do not exceed 40% of the study plan at King Saud University. Can I get equivalency for courses that I studied as a visiting student at another university without obtaining the approval of King Saud University? No, equivalency is not approved for any course that the student studied at any other university unless the student has first gotten the approval of King Saud University, which is based on the approval of the college where he/she studies. Is the GPA that I get in the Preparatory Year reckoned in calculating my GPA at the university? Yes, current regulations stipulate that the student's GPA in the preparatory year is reckoned in calculating his/her GPA at the university. Am I eligible to transfer from one track to another in the Preparatory Year? The possibility of Transferring between the tracks of the Preparatory Year is considered by the Vice Rector for Educational and Academic Affairs. However, it should be noted that it will be incumbent upon the student to study the courses of the track to which he/she wishes to transfer .Thus, the completion of the preparatory yearwill be delayed. - The student applies to the Department of the Preparatory Year Affairs in the Deanship of Admissions and Registration, after filling out the Transfer form. - The application will considered by the concerned quarter after the end of the semester and completeness of results. - After the approval and implementation, a message is sent to the student's cell-phone number stored on the system. - The transferred student can enroll in the remaining courses in the summer session. What is the maximum of the credit hours that I can register in one semester? It varies according to the student's GPA: Student's GPA Number of credit hours allowed to enroll in 1-2 12-14 2.01-2.50 15 2.51-3 16 3.01 - 3.5 17 3.51-4 18 4.01 - 4.5 19 4.51-5 20 What is the maximum of the credit hours that I can register in one semester when I am graduating? The regulations stipulate that the Rector - or his proxy - may approve increasing the schedule load of student expected to be graduated up to (24) credit hours. The Deanship Admissions and Registration considers those applications provided that the student obtains the approval of the college where he/she studies. What is the maximum of the credit hours that I can register in the summer session? The maximum number of credit hours for any summer session is (9). However, it is allowed for the graduated student to increase provided that the Deanship approves it. Can I know if I will get a warning next semester? The student gets a warning due to the decrease of the GPA below the minimum. He/she can calculate the GPA on the assumption that he/she gets certain grades in the courses that are being studied now. The following is an example: An example for calculating the semester and cumulative averages: The First Semester Course Number of Units Percentage Grade Symbol Quality Points Number of Points 301salm 2 85 B+ 4.50 9.00 324Chem 3 70 C 3.00 9.00 235math 3 92 A 4.75 14.25 312phys 4 80 B 4.00 16.00 Total 12 48.25 The average of the first semester=total of points(48.25) /total of units(12) = 4.02 The Second Semester Course Number of Units Percentage Grade Symbol Quality Points Number of Points 104salm 2 96 A 5.00 10 327Chem 3 82 B 4.00 12 314math 4 71 C 3.00 12 326Phys 3 81 B 4.00 12 Total 46 The Second Semester Average = 46/12 GPA = total of points (48.25 +46) / total of units (12 +12) = 3.93 May I apply for changing my specialty after being allocated to a college or department in which I prefer not to study? Regarding students who are allocated after completing the Preparatory Year, colleges have no power to approve their transfer from the colleges to which they are allocated, or to change their specialization from department to another. Only the Deanship of Admissions and Registration has the authority to consider such transfer applications. Do I have the right to transfer from one college to another and what are the conditions? The student has the right to submit an application for transfer from one college to another in accordance with the approved form, which requires the approval of the two colleges. Then the application is forwarded to the Deanship of Admissions and Registration to verify that it is in compliance with the approved terms of transfer. It should be pointed out that, as for the students who are allocated after completing the Preparatory Year, colleges have no power to approve their transfer from the colleges to which they are allocated. Only the Deanship of Admissions and Registration has the authority to consider such transfer applications. Does the student have the right to request checking grade he obtained in a certain course if he/she thinks it is different from what he/she deserves? Yes, the student has the right to object to both of his semester work and final test grades according to the mechanism stated in the executive rule of the study and exam statutes for the collegiate stage in its articles no. (23) and (39). I would like to apply for giving me the opportunity to complete my studies, what is the quarter that I may apply to it for that? The college to which the student belongs. If I withdraw my file from the university, when may I have the right to submit again? If I you apply to draw the file during the admission period in the first month, you will be considered a non-matriculated student withdrawing from admission. As a result, you will have the right to submit to the University, when it is announced that admission is open, as a new student according to the admission requirements stated at the time. If one month passes after being awarded admission , you will be considered a matriculated student withdrawing from the university. Thus, you are entitled to apply to the college to which you were admitted for reinstatement on the basis of your previous status before withdrawal according to the rules and regulations, namely Article 17, paragraph ( a) and ( b) . If four semesters pass after terminating your university enrollment, you are eligible to submit as a new student according to the rules and regulations, namely Article 17, paragraph (c). What is the mechanism of allocation of non-Saudi students? Allocation of non-Saudi students depends on three factors: • Type of scholarship on which the student has been admitted. • The number of seats available for non-Saudis as directed by the Ministry of Higher Education. • GPA of the student after completing the Preparatory Year. شارك هذه الصفحة Footer Copyright & Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms of use Copyright © 1960-2025 King Saud University