Skip to main content عربي English User menu SSO Login Log in International Students Department Main navigation Home ABOUT Administrative Units International Student Relations Unit Student Welfare Unit Academic Affairs Unit International Student Activities Unit Graduate Unit Communication and Documentation Unit Administrative Affairs Unit Student Affairs care provided Scholarships Scholarships External Scholarships Internal Scholarships Reports Reports instructions Forms E-services Contact Us External Scholarships King Saud University integrates international students into three levels of study: First Level: Diploma and Higher Diploma This level encompasses the following programs: The Intermediate Diploma, which is offered by the Department of Linguistic Preparation for Non-Arabic Speakers at the College of Language Sciences. This intensive program spans four semesters, with students engaging in 20 hours of study per week. The curriculum includes recitation of the Holy Qur'an, vocabulary, listening, articulation, conversation, reading, language structure, and writing. Programs of the Department of Arabic as a Second Language at the College of Language Sciences which include the following: Higher Diploma in Preparing Teachers of Arabic as a Second Language. Master's Degree in Developing the Skills of Teachers of Arabic as a Second Language. Master's Degree in Teaching Arabic to Non-Native Speakers. PhD in Applied Arabic Linguistics Second Level: Bachelor's Degree Academically eligible students who have completed their studies at the Department of Linguistic Preparation for Non-Arabic Speakers at the College of Language Sciences, as well as qualified external applicants, may be admitted to the university's various colleges based on their previous areas of specialization. Third Level: Postgraduate Studies Academically eligible students can be nominated for the master's and doctoral programs available at the university. External applicants who meet the necessary requirements are also considered. Eligibility Criteria for External Grants Applicants must hold a high school diploma or its equivalent. Applicants must have a minimum high school average rating of 'very good'. Applicants must not have previously been accepted into a similar program within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Applicants must be no older than 25 years. Applicants must be medically fit. Application Process for External Scholarships Applications must be submitted online via the External Scholarships Portal ( application link ). The timeline for admission procedures can be found on the same portal. Information on the available academic specializations can be found on the same portal. Last updated on : September 28, 2026 1:04pm Footer Copyright & Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms of use Copyright © 1960-2026 King Saud University