Skip to main content عربي English User menu SSO Login Log in International Students Department Main navigation Home ABOUT Administrative Units International Student Relations Unit Student Welfare Unit Academic Affairs Unit International Student Activities Unit Graduate Unit Communication and Documentation Unit Administrative Affairs Unit Student Affairs care provided Scholarships Scholarships External Scholarships Internal Scholarships Reports Reports instructions Forms E-services Contact Us care provided Services and care provided by the International Student Department: No. Item Provided Care 1. Healthcare services The University provides comprehensive health care to scholarship students. Upon arrival, a new student is issued a notification for the university hospital to open a medical file and conduct preliminary examinations to ensure their health and fitness. The administration monitors the student's health during their studies, liaising with the hospital if specialized or intensive care is needed . 2. Orientation for new students The International Student Administration has a comprehensive welcoming process for new scholarship students upon their arrival at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. This process includes the following steps: Sending acceptance notifications and arrival instructions via email . Ensuring student housing and room reservations are ready . Using a designated reception phone number to confirm arrival times and to address any pre-arrival concerns . Welcoming and assisting the student at the airport . Transporting the student to the university housing . Assigning a student mentor from the same nationality to orient the new student about the university and accompany them to various administrative and academic bodies . Conducting a campus tour to familiarize the student with the university's landmarks . 3. Furnishing allowance To assist with furnishing their accommodations, students receive an allowance equivalent to a two-month stipend upon arrival . 4. Graduation allowance A graduation allowance equivalent to a three-month stipend is given to cover book shipping costs . 5. Monthly stipend Undergraduate students majoring in science fields receive a monthly stipend of SR 1,000, while those majoring in humanities and social sciences receive a monthly stipend of SR 850. Postgraduate students receive a monthly stipend of SR 900. 6. Discounted meals Upon arrival, students are given a temporary code from the Nutrition Department, which entitles them to discounted meals. This code remains valid until their university ID numbers are issued. Throughout their stay at the university, regardless of their academic status, students are continually provided with discounted meals. 7. Accommodation University housing is provided for all scholarship students. New students are temporarily housed in the hospitality wing until they are assigned permanent university housing . 8. Scholarly, cultural, and social care, and training support The International Student Administration is committed to encouraging students towards scientific excellence and creativity. It motivates them to continue their education and embark on a journey of scientific discovery. To this end, the administration organizes a variety of programs and initiatives, including the following : Participating in students' scientific discussions, providing recognition and encouragement . Hosting ceremonies to honor distinguished students, where honorees receive congratulatory letters or certificates of appreciation from the administration . Arranging a variety of social events which include visits to various Saudi governorates, planned excursions, and interactive programs and gatherings to foster stronger bonds among students . Providing a wide range of training courses aimed at enhancing the skills of international students, executed in partnership with the Deanship of Skills Development, the Skills Development Center in the Deanship of Student Affairs, and other relevant entities . Organizing the "Peoples' Heritage Festival," a significant cultural program at the university . Celebrating International Students Day. 9. Community building The university organizes visits to Mecca, Medina and other Saudi governorates, and students participate in the celebration of Saudi National Day to strengthen their sense of belonging . 10. Enhancing interaction with local students Activities and trips to nurture relationships between international students and their Saudi peers are organized . 11. Faculty supervision Distinguished faculty members collaborate with the administration to provide supervision to scholarship students, participating in both official and social trips and visits . 12. Scholarship support fund The Charitable Fund for Scholarship Students provides financial support to the International Student Administration's scholarship programs. This fund financially assists students, subject to the approval of specialized committees . 13. Media participation International students are given opportunities to participate in local and international media and social media . 14. Employment support The administration maintains a database of graduates, including their current positions and contact information. This database is utilized to provide recommendations and is made available to government agencies as needed . 15. Alumni engagement The administration collaborates with relevant authorities to organize a special forum for international alumni . Last updated on : September 28, 2026 1:04pm Footer Copyright & Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms of use Copyright © 1960-2026 King Saud University