Tufts Admissions SMFA at Tufts En Español Quicklinks Visits and Events Explore Majors & Minors Calculate Cost Check Application Status Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Discover Tufts Academics Life at Tufts Read Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Tufts Traditions History of Tufts University Tuition & Aid Tuition and Aid Types of Aid Applying for Aid Contact Financial Aid Connect With Us Admissions Events Join the Mailing List Admissions Instagram Contact Admissions For Counselors Privacy Visit Plan Your Visit Virtual Tour Audio Tour Tufts For You Open Houses Parking & Directions Dining on Campus Places to Stay Apply First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students First-Generation Students Undocumented Students Counselors & Teachers Advice & Getting Started Profile of the Class of 2029 Essay Questions Search Navigation Tuition and Aid Types of Aid Applying for Aid Financial Aid for International Students Financial Aid for Transfer Students Contact Financial Aid Financial Aid for International Students Tufts University is serious about making sure that all qualified applicants can afford an undergraduate education. Tufts proudly meets 100% of the demonstrated financial need of every admitted student, regardless of citizenship. Demonstrated need is the difference between the annual cost to attend Tufts (including books, personal expenses, and transportation to campus) and the amount a student's family is expected to contribute each year. Financial need is determined by our analysis of family financial resources via submitted documents. Tufts Admissions has waived the admission application fee for international citizens seeking need-based financial aid. Please indicate a request for a fee waiver when asked about a Tufts-specific fee waiver on the online application. Important Policies The university does not offer any merit-based scholarships to undergraduate students. International students applying for financial aid must indicate their interest in applying for financial aid on the application at the time of submission. If you expect that you will need financial aid at Tufts, you must indicate this when you apply for admission. Financial aid is not available to international students who do not request aid at the time of application. If you wait until you are notified about your admission to Tufts to indicate a request for financial aid, you will not receive it. The family contribution that is determined upon admission will remain the same as long as the student is eligible to receive financial aid. For Applicants Tufts provides two options to international students applying for financial aid: Applicants are welcome to submit the International Student Financial Aid Application (ISFAA) - a free application for financial aid - available to download on the Applicant Status Page after an application for admission has been received. The completed ISFAA form and any supporting financial documents can be uploaded via the Applicant Status Page. Applicants are welcome to submit the CSS Profile via the College Board website. Please note that Tufts University does not provide fee waivers for applicants to submit the CSS Profile, so if the fee poses an additional barrier, please submit the ISFAA for now. The CSS Profile is not required at the time of application. Visit the Financial Aid website for additional information. For Admitted Students Admitted international students will be asked to submit the CSS Profile within 5-7 days of their admission decision, regardless of whether they have submitted the ISFAA. All admitted international students who applied for aid will receive a CSS Profile fee waiver. A free CSS Profile fee waiver code will be provided after admission. Admitted students should also submit supporting financial documents through the College Board IDOC portal after completing the CSS Profile. Please do not submit supporting financial aid documents by email. Special Programs and Resources The Davis United World Scholars Program The Davis United World College Scholars program, generously funded by the Shelby Davis family, entitles graduates of United World College Schools (UWC) to receive a need-based grant of up to $10,000 per year toward the costs of undergraduate study at Tufts. UWC graduates with additional need may apply to Tufts for need-based financial aid. Both the Davis United World College Scholars grant and all Tufts financial aid grants are multi-year awards (up to four years) and are renewable if the student maintains good academic standing. EducationUSA A website sponsored by the U.S. Department of State, EducationUSA is a useful resource to address broader questions regarding higher education in this country. Tufts University Office of Undergraduate Admissions Bendetson Hall 2 The Green Medford, MA 02155 617-627-3170 Visit tufts.edu Contact Tufts Admissions Non-Discrimination Statement Privacy Statement Instagram Discover Tufts Tuition & Aid Connect With Us