Tufts Admissions SMFA at Tufts En Español Quicklinks Visits and Events Explore Majors & Minors Calculate Cost Check Application Status Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Discover Tufts Academics Life at Tufts Read Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Tufts Traditions History of Tufts University Tuition & Aid Tuition and Aid Types of Aid Applying for Aid Contact Financial Aid Connect With Us Admissions Events Join the Mailing List Admissions Instagram Contact Admissions For Counselors Privacy Visit Plan Your Visit Virtual Tour Audio Tour Tufts For You Open Houses Parking & Directions Dining on Campus Places to Stay Apply First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students First-Generation Students Undocumented Students Counselors & Teachers Advice & Getting Started Profile of the Class of 2029 Essay Questions Search Navigation Frequently Asked Questions Applying to Tufts Transfer Students International Students Financial Aid for International Students Frequently Asked Questions First-Generation Students Undocumented Students Counselors & Advisors Advice and Getting Started Profile of the Class of 2029 Short Answer Questions Check Your Application Status International Applications Who needs to submit English proficiency test scores? Can I take the TOEFL (or other tests) after the Tufts application deadline has passed? How does Tufts view the International Baccalaureate? What is the minimum SAT/ACT score? The SAT and ACT tests are not available in my country. Will this affect my application? Do A-levels or IB's exempt me from sending yearly transcripts? If I am already a university student in my home country, may I transfer to Tufts? I'm a U.S. citizen living abroad. Am I considered in the international pool? I have been living and studying in the U.S. for several years. Am I still considered an international applicant? Am I allowed to receive help on my application? What academic credentials are required from my school? Who should fill out the "Secondary School Report" on the Common Application? Can I submit photocopies of my secondary school transcript(s)? What do I do if my teachers do not speak English, or if my transcript is in another language? How will my predicted results on a national exam or the IB be used? Do you accept interviews from external providers? What financial aid is offered by Tufts? What forms are required to apply for financial aid? Can I apply for financial aid after I arrive on campus? I do not plan to apply for Financial Aid. How and when will I be asked to document my financial resources? Can I apply Early Decision and be considered for financial aid as an international student? What support is offered to international students on campus? Can my results on national exams be used for advanced standing or numerical credit at Tufts? Do I need to complete the language and culture requirement at Tufts? Can international students study abroad? Can international students have jobs, internships, or get involved in research? Who needs to submit English proficiency test scores? All applicants whose primary language is not English must submit proof of English proficiency, unless a student has been enrolled in an English instruction school for at least three years. Exams that can be submitted to prove proficiency are: IELTS, TOEFL, PTE, and Duolingo. Students enrolled in ESOL classes during secondary school may be asked for proof of proficiency. Back to top Can I take the TOEFL (or other tests) after the Tufts application deadline has passed? Although we strongly recommend that all required standardized testing be completed before the application deadline, we understand that this is not always possible. You may take standardized testing in January but make sure the scores are sent directly to Tufts at the time you take the test. Back to top How does Tufts view the International Baccalaureate? We do not have a preference for one curriculum over another. Tufts is aware that the IB curriculum, and the full diploma program in particular, is a very rigorous course of study that prepares students well for university level work. Completion of the full diploma is recognized by the admissions committee, and can be rewarded with pre-matriculation credit upon enrollment at Tufts. Back to top What is the minimum SAT/ACT score? Tufts does not have a minimum or "cut-off" for standardized testing. All testing is evaluated in the context of an individual student's academic, cultural, and personal background. Back to top The SAT and ACT tests are not available in my country. Will this affect my application? Tufts has a test-optional admissions policy. First-year and transfer applicants have a choice about whether or not to submit SAT or ACT scores to be considered for undergraduate admission to Tufts University. For more details regarding this policy, please look here . Back to top Do A-levels or IB's exempt me from sending yearly transcripts? No, unless you are at a school that doesn't have periodic grades or marking periods. Back to top If I am already a university student in my home country, may I transfer to Tufts? If you have completed the equivalent of two or more semesters at a university in your home country, you may apply as a transfer student. However, please note that financial aid is extremely limited for international transfer applicants. For information about the transfer admissions process, please visit the Transfer Applicants section of this website. Back to top I'm a U.S. citizen living abroad. Am I considered in the international pool? We read applications based on where you currently attend school, rather than by your citizenship status. Your application will be read with others from the school you attend. Back to top I have been living and studying in the U.S. for several years. Am I still considered an international applicant? Yes, unless you are a U.S. citizen or permanent resident (and hold a green card). If you are applying for financial aid, you should submit the documents required of international applicants. Please notify our office if your status changes (for example, you become a citizen or receive a green card) while you are in the application process. Back to top Am I allowed to receive help on my application? Many students will seek assistance in preparing for standardized testing, writing essays, and filling out application forms. While applicants are welcome to seek help from teachers, parents and other advisors, Tufts takes the veracity and integrity of applications very seriously. Students must submit work that is theirs alone, alongside credentials that are fully accurate. The admissions committee works hard to ensure we are admitting students who represent themselves honestly, and will deny any application that shows evidence of fraud. Back to top What academic credentials are required from my school? Tufts requires four years of internal academic results with each application. We expect to see three years of grades, along with any available marks from the current year. We also ask for the official results from any national exams taken so far, and predicted marks (when available) for pending exams. Back to top Who should fill out the "Secondary School Report" on the Common Application? This form must be completed by a school official who has full access to a student's academic and personal record. This person is often a college counselor, school counselor, principal, head of school or head teacher. This form and the accompanying transcript must be sent to the Admissions Office directly by a school official electronically, by fax or by mail. Back to top Can I submit photocopies of my secondary school transcript(s)? No. The Tufts Admissions Office requires original copies of all secondary school transcripts to be sent directly to our office from your secondary school. Back to top What do I do if my teachers do not speak English, or if my transcript is in another language? All credentials must arrive in English. Letters of recommendation and transcripts CANNOT be translated by the student or any members of their family. Acceptable translators include English teachers or other school officials, professional translators, or a local EducationUSA office. Students do not need to utilize credential evaluation companies of any sort. Back to top How will my predicted results on a national exam or the IB be used? Predicted exam results are used in conjunction with previous internal and external marks to evaluate a student's academic ability. Offers of admission are contingent upon successful completion of the established curriculum with results that are in line with past and predicted performance. Students with significant drops in their final academic marks risk academic probation or rescission of admission. Back to top Do you accept interviews from external providers? Yes, Tufts will accept an interview from InitialView or Duolingo , in addition to English language proficiency results, for the purpose of demonstrating English language skills. Back to top What financial aid is offered by Tufts? All financial aid at Tufts is need-based. Tufts meets 100% of demonstrated financial need for all admitted students. In light of Tufts' commitment to maintain an internationally diverse community, the University makes available a limited amount of funding for talented international students. Visit the Financial Aid page for links, deadlines, and how to apply for financial aid. Back to top What forms are required to apply for financial aid? Applicants seeking financial aid must submit the CSS Profile which is filled out and sent online through the College Board . Students for whom the CSS Profile would present a significant financial hardship may submit the International Student Aid Application once your application has been submitted and you have access to the Tufts portal. The completed ISFAA form and required supporting documents can be uploaded to your Tufts portal once you have access to it. All forms must be submitted to the Office of Financial Aid according to their deadlines . Back to top Can I apply for financial aid after I arrive on campus? No. International students are only eligible to receive financial aid if funding is requested during the initial application process. Any student who expects to need assistance in affording a Tufts education should submit the necessary paperwork prior to admission. Back to top I do not plan to apply for Financial Aid. How and when will I be asked to document my financial resources? Enrolling students are required to document their financial resources when applying for their student visa. Back to top Can I apply Early Decision and be considered for financial aid as an international student? Yes, you may apply to Tufts Early Decision as an international aid applicant and your financial aid package will be identical to the one you would have received during the Regular Decision process. However, remember that if you are accepted to Tufts under the Early Decision plan, it is a binding commitment and you will not be able to apply to other schools Regular Decision or through other routes (such as UCAS) outside of the U.S., and must withdraw any existing applications. Back to top What support is offered to international students on campus? In addition to general career, counseling, health and other resources available on campus, international students have access to the International Center . This center provides assistance in visa processing, work authorization, and cultural acclimation. Special programs such as Thanksgiving programming, winter housing, and pairing with a local host are offered each year. Back to top Can my results on national exams be used for advanced standing or numerical credit at Tufts? Once matriculated, Tufts students may request credit based on their achievement on the International Baccalaureate, A Levels, and the French Baccalaureate. Pre-major advisors are available to guide enrolled students through this process. Please see the following page for more information. Back to top Do I need to complete the language and culture requirement at Tufts? Students who are already fluent in a language other than English may fulfill the language requirement in the School of Arts and Sciences by demonstrating proficiency through several methods (e.g., number of years a student was enrolled at a secondary school in which the language of instruction was not English, placement test results or results of standardized tests that are accepted as pre-matriculation credits at Tufts -- IB, British A-Levels, AP, and SAT II). Pre-major advisors are available to guide enrolled students through this process. Please see the following page for more information. Back to top Can international students study abroad? Yes, international students can study abroad. Please see the Tufts Global Education site for a listing of approved programs. Back to top Can international students have jobs, internships, or get involved in research? Yes, international students are eligible for paid on-campus employment, and have access to research opportunities (paid and unpaid) on campus. Unpaid research or internship opportunities off-campus are available, and can be counted for academic credit. Tufts has resources to financially support students who take on unpaid positions over the summer break. Back to top Tufts University Office of Undergraduate Admissions Bendetson Hall 2 The Green Medford, MA 02155 617-627-3170 Visit tufts.edu Contact Tufts Admissions Non-Discrimination Statement Privacy Statement Instagram Discover Tufts Tuition & Aid Connect With Us