Tufts Admissions SMFA at Tufts En Español Quicklinks Visits and Events Explore Majors & Minors Calculate Cost Check Application Status Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Discover Tufts Academics Life at Tufts Read Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Tufts Traditions History of Tufts University Tuition & Aid Tuition and Aid Types of Aid Applying for Aid Contact Financial Aid Connect With Us Admissions Events Join the Mailing List Admissions Instagram Contact Admissions For Counselors Privacy Visit Plan Your Visit Virtual Tour Audio Tour Tufts For You Open Houses Parking & Directions Dining on Campus Places to Stay Apply First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students First-Generation Students Undocumented Students Counselors & Teachers Advice & Getting Started Profile of the Class of 2029 Essay Questions Search Navigation Tuition and Aid Types of Aid Applying for Aid Financial Aid for International Students Financial Aid for Transfer Students Contact Financial Aid Applying for Aid Tufts University is proud to meet 100% of the full demonstrated need of all admitted students. Our commitment to affordability is now even stronger with the Tufts Tuition Pact . Beginning with the fall 2026 entering class, U.S. undergraduates will attend Tufts tuition-free if their annual family income is under $150,000 , with typical assets. We want to ensure that every student who earns their spot at Tufts can attend, regardless of financial circumstances. 1. Indicate your intent to apply for financial aid on your application for admission If you apply to Tufts and do not apply for financial aid, you will not be eligible for institutional aid in subsequent years. If your family experiences an unanticipated change in financial circumstances, you may submit an aid application for review in a future year. In some cases, limited funds may be available. 2. Determine deadlines to submit your application materials Application Round FAFSA* CSS Profile 2025 FEDERAL TAX FORMS THROUGH IDOC** QuestBridge National College Match November 1 November 1 November 1 Early Decision I November 16 November 16 December 1 Early Decision II January 15 January 15 February 1 Regular Decision February 1 February 1 February 15 Transfer Admission April 1 April 1 April 15 *Required only for US citizens and permanent residents. **Including W-2 statements (or the equivalent for non-filers), all Schedules, and business tax returns, if applicable 3. Complete online application forms The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is administered by the US Department of Education. Tufts' FAFSA code is 002219. The FAFSA is only required for students who are US citizens or permanent residents. International citizens and students with undocumented status do not need to complete the FAFSA. The CSS Profile is administered by the College Board. Tufts' CSS code is 3901. For applicants whose parents are divorced or separated, Tufts requires information from both the custodial parent and the noncustodial parent (typically the parent with whom the student does not live) in order to determine eligibility for financial aid. You will need to complete an additional CSS Profile for the noncustodial parent or submit a Noncustodial Parent Waiver Request. Additional information regarding noncustodial parents is available on the Financial Aid website. 4. Submit required documents Applicants should upload signed federal tax returns, W-2 forms, and any other documents through the College Board's Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). A checklist of required documents will be available within the IDOC portal and the Tufts application status page. Students who are unable to upload the documents should mail them directly to IDOC. Please do not email or mail documents directly to Tufts. We suggest you keep copies of all documents for your records. Financial aid applications cannot be considered until all required documents have been received. 5. Await notification of your admission and financial aid decisions Students who are offered admission to Tufts and submit all financial aid application materials by the deadline will be notified of their financial aid decision within a week of receiving their offer of admission. Financial aid packages will be available via the Tufts application status page. With questions for Tufts, please contact: Student Services: Call at (617) 627-2000 or email studentservices@tufts.edu Please note that Student Services cannot view financial aid documents until three days after the submission and receipt of the Common Application or Coalition Application. With technical questions, please contact: FAFSA: Call Federal Student Aid at (800) 433-3243 or utilize live chat support CSS Profile: Call College Board at (844) 202-0524 (US and Canada) or (212) 299-0096 (international) IDOC: Call College Board at (866) 897-9881 (US and Canada) or (212) 299-0096 (international) Tufts University Office of Undergraduate Admissions Bendetson Hall 2 The Green Medford, MA 02155 617-627-3170 Visit tufts.edu Contact Tufts Admissions Non-Discrimination Statement Privacy Statement Instagram Discover Tufts Tuition & Aid Connect With Us