Tufts Admissions SMFA at Tufts En Español Quicklinks Visits and Events Explore Majors & Minors Calculate Cost Check Application Status Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Discover Tufts Academics Life at Tufts Read Our Blogs Jumbo Magazine Tufts Traditions History of Tufts University Tuition & Aid Tuition and Aid Types of Aid Applying for Aid Contact Financial Aid Connect With Us Admissions Events Join the Mailing List Admissions Instagram Contact Admissions For Counselors Privacy Visit Plan Your Visit Virtual Tour Audio Tour Tufts For You Open Houses Parking & Directions Dining on Campus Places to Stay Apply First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students First-Generation Students Undocumented Students Counselors & Teachers Advice & Getting Started Profile of the Class of 2029 Essay Questions Search Navigation Application Process for International Students Applying to Tufts Transfer Students International Students Financial Aid for International Students Frequently Asked Questions First-Generation Students Undocumented Students Counselors & Advisors Advice and Getting Started Profile of the Class of 2029 Short Answer Questions Check Your Application Status Applying International students are asked to submit the same set of credentials required of all first-year or transfer applicants. Primary emphasis in the admissions process is placed on evaluating candidates within the context of their national academic system. The admissions office is familiar with evaluating credentials from many different educational systems, such as the GCSE and GCE A-levels, the French Baccalaureate, the International Baccalaureate, and the Abitur, among others. Tufts University is test-optional, giving applicants a choice about whether or not to submit SAT or ACT scores to be considered with their application. If students choose to have SAT or ACT test scores considered as part of their application, these tests are interpreted in the context of their international background. Similarly, the admissions office is aware of the varying levels of extracurricular opportunities available for many international students. English Proficiency Testing All applicants whose primary language is not English must submit proof of English proficiency, unless they have been enrolled in an English instruction school for at least three years. Students with at least three years of study in a secondary school where the primary language is English do not need to submit English proficiency testing, though they may if they would like. Students enrolled in ESOL classes during secondary school may be asked for proof of proficiency. Tufts accepts the following English language tests: TOEFL, IELTS, PTE, Duolingo. While Tufts has no score minimums, generally successful applicants have at least the corresponding score below: Test Recommended Minimum Score TOEFL 5.0+ for exams taken on January 21, 2026 or later 100+ for exams taken prior to January 21, 2026 IELTS 7+ PTE Academic 68+ Duolingo English Test 130+ TOEFL ITP Plus test and the IELTS Indicator Test do not fulfill the English proficiency testing requirement for Tufts. Self-reporting and Sending Scores Tufts accepts self-reported testing including self-reported English proficiency test scores. Applicants must submit self-reported scores through their Applicant Status Page after their application has been submitted. Students who matriculate at Tufts will be required to send their official scores. When self-reporting English proficiency testing, students must report the score for each section from the same test date and test scores should be from the most recent test date. "Superscoring" of English language testing is not accepted , including the TOEFL MyBest® Scores. The Tufts code for TOEFL submission if you wish to send scores is 3901. Please note that there is no code for students to submit IELTS scores. If you wish to send IELTS scores, please either contact your test center and have the scores directly sent to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions or ask your school counselor to send a verified copy to undergraduate.admissions@tufts.edu. Since score release for Duolingo carries no additional fee, students should request Duolingo to release their score to Tufts. GDPR European Economic Area and UK Privacy Statement If you are located in one of the countries that is a member of the European Economic Area or in the UK when you provide us personal information, please review Tufts University's EEA and UK Privacy Statement for Prospective Students and Applicants . Tufts University Office of Undergraduate Admissions Bendetson Hall 2 The Green Medford, MA 02155 617-627-3170 Visit tufts.edu Contact Tufts Admissions Non-Discrimination Statement Privacy Statement Instagram Discover Tufts Tuition & Aid Connect With Us