Skip to main content Main navigation Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Accommodation Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Find a scholarship Explore ANU Stories Events Contact Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Related Information Undergraduate students Postgraduate students Postgraduate research Prospective international students Parents & guardians Exchange and study abroad Career advisers Find an education agent Accommodation Accommodation ANU offers a broad range of accommodation choices for students, within a diverse and vibrant community. Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Scholarship Build your future, and let us help. With a range of scholarship opportunities catering to students from a variety of backgrounds and abilities, ANU is here to support you. Find a scholarship Explore ANU Explore ANU Study, live and thrive at The Australian National University. Stories Events Contact Breadcrumb Home Apply International Undergraduate & Postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Gaining an internationally recognised degree at The Australian National University (ANU) is an amazing opportunity to make a difference to your community and the world around you. Apply now Find programs » Download student guide » How to apply » Key dates » Your next adventure starts here Join the community of talented students studying at Australia's most international university* in the heart of Canberra , Australia's capital city. Build your knowledge in small classes taught by global experts and access the unique industry internships, resources and support of a national institution. Australia has incredible natural landscapes and city experiences - and Canberra is no exception. Whether it's kangaroos and koalas, rivers and mountains you want to experience during your time here or great food, culture and a chilled city vibe, our student-friendly city has it all. *Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2026 #1 most international university in Australia Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2026 6 Nobel laureates among ANU staff & alumni #1 most employable graduates in Australia Times Higher Education Global University Employability Ranking 2023-25 5-stars for student-teacher ratio and staff qualifications Good Universities Guide Ratings 2026 Find a program Event Filters Search Area of study Area of study Arts & social sciences Business & economics Health, medicine & psychology Law, governance & policy Security, international affairs & Asia-Pacific studies Science, technology, engineering & mathematics Mode of delivery Mode of delivery In person Multi-modal (mixed) Online All filters Graduate Certificate of Actuarial Statistics Business & economics Scholarships available 0.5 years In person Semester 1 | Semester 2 Course details Apply now Graduate Certificate of Applied Cybernetics Science, technology, engineering & mathematics Scholarships available 0.5 years In person Semester 1 | Semester 2 Course details Apply now Graduate Certificate of Asian Affairs Security, international affairs & Asia-Pacific studies Scholarships available 0.5 years In person Semester 1 | Semester 2 Course details Apply now Graduate Certificate of Finance Business & economics Scholarships available 0.5 years In person Semester 1 | Semester 2 Course details Apply now Graduate Certificate of Nuclear Science and Technology Science, technology, engineering & mathematics Scholarships available 0.5 years In person Semester 1 | Semester 2 Course details Apply now Graduate Certificate of Pacific Studies Security, international affairs & Asia-Pacific studies Scholarships available 0.5 years In person Course details Apply now Graduate Certificate of Pacific Studies - online Arts & social sciences | Security, international affairs & Asia-Pacific studies Scholarships available 0.5 years Online Semester 1 | Semester 2 Course details Apply now Graduate Diploma of Environment Science, technology, engineering & mathematics Scholarships available 0.5 years Online Semester 1 Course details Apply now Master of Accounting (Advanced) Business & economics Scholarships available 2 Years In person Semester 1 | Semester 2 Course details Apply now Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 … Next page ›› Last page Last > How to apply Application tips Submit your application through our online application portal. Simply search for your preferred program in the below list, and click on Apply. You must pay an application fee of AUD$150 upon submission of each application you make to the University. You will be prompted to pay this fee at the end of the online application process. To find out if additional requirements apply, search our programs and courses catalogue . You can apply for up to three programs, check our programs and courses catalogue to list the programs in order of preference. If successful, you will receive an offer to your highest eligible preference. To give you the best chance to receive an offer, we suggest not to list all three preferences with same entry requirements. We may consider you for a conditional offer if we have not received sufficient documents to complete the assessment of your application on all criteria including academic, language proficiency and document requirement. You must meet all requirements to be considered for a full offer. Learn more about the ANU assessment process . If you are completing the Australian Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (AQF), the International Baccalaureate or the NCEA Level 3, you should submit your application through the Universities Admissions Centre (UAC) . You can find a full list of ANU undergraduate programs and application deadlines on the UAC website . ANU participates in multiple University Admissions Centre (UAC) offer rounds throughout the year. UAC application fees apply. You will need to pay the application fee to UAC and the amount will depend on when you apply to ANU. You can find more information about the UAC application fees here . Following these steps will make applying for undergraduate study at ANU easier. 1. Check the entry requirements Learn about the minimum admission requirements to ANU and how we will assess your application . Please refer to the qualification that is applicable to you and check the minimum indicative score for undergraduate programs or the minimum indicative score for postgraduate programs at ANU. 2. Find an agent Our educational agents around the world can help you apply to ANU. Find an agent near you. 3. Review your documentary evidence Explore the specific documents you will need to supply with your application that will enable us to assess it. 4. Meet English language requirements You must provide evidence that you meet the English language requirements for admission to ANU, even if you are a domestic student. 5. Explore visa requirements for international students If you require a visa to study in Australia, ensure you hold an appropriate visa that permits study. For further information, see: International student visa requirements Information for International Student Visa Holders Studying in Australia 6. Learn about Mandatory Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) As an international student in Australia, you will need overseas health cover for the duration of your stay. 7. Apply for campus accommodation ANU offers a range of accommodation options across our campus. To apply, please submit an application on the Accommodation Portal . Please note that we guarantee an offer of on campus accommodation to international undergraduate students commencing in the first semester of their first year of study at ANU. Learn more about Accommodation guarantee at ANU and How accommodation preferences are managed . View your options for living on-campus if you will be under 18 at the start of the semester . Your visa will require you to prove that you have organised acceptable living arrangements. × Apply As Apply International Applicants An Honours year is typically a fourth year of study that is a continuation of an undergraduate degree. Admission to an Honours year is at the discretion of the ANU College responsible for your field of research. For more information please view this page: https://study.anu.edu.au/apply/honours-applications International applicants will be directed to apply through the relevant application process via the Direct Application Portals or Universities Admissions Centre (UAC) You are an international applicant if you are: Not an Australian or New Zealand Citizen Not holding an Australian permanent resident or permanent humanitarian visa You apply via Universities Admissions Centre (UAC) International if you are an International student who is undertaking: Australian Year 12 inside or outside of Australia An International Baccalaureate Diploma OR A New Zealand National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Apply directly to ANU Apply through UAC Tell us which year you are applying for: Semester 1, 2027 Semester 2, 2027 Semester 2, 2026 Key dates - overview Applications are now open and will close on the 14 June 2026 . Application deadline for programs with additional selection criteria may vary. The acceptance deadline for Semester 2 is 30 June if you are overseas, and 10 July if you are in Australia at the time of accepting your offer. Semester 1, 2027 Key dates - overview Applications are now open and will close on the 15 December 2026 . Applications deadline for the programs offered by the Crawford School of Public Policy is 31 October 2026 for Semester 1, 2027. Application deadline for programs with additional selection criteria may vary. The acceptance deadline for Semester 1 is 15 January if you are overseas, and 31 January if you are in Australia at the time of accepting your offer. Semester 2, 2027 Key dates - overview Applications are now open and will close on the 15 May 2027. Applications deadline for the programs offered by the Crawford School of Public Policy is 15 April 2027 for Semester 2, 2027. Application deadline for programs with additional selection criteria may vary. The acceptance deadline for Semester 2 is 30 June if you are overseas, and 10 July if you are in Australia at the time of accepting your offer.