Skip to main content Main navigation Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Accommodation Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Find a scholarship Explore ANU Stories Events Contact Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Related Information Undergraduate students Postgraduate students Postgraduate research Prospective international students Parents & guardians Exchange and study abroad Career advisers Find an education agent Accommodation Accommodation ANU offers a broad range of accommodation choices for students, within a diverse and vibrant community. Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Scholarship Build your future, and let us help. With a range of scholarship opportunities catering to students from a variety of backgrounds and abilities, ANU is here to support you. Find a scholarship Explore ANU Explore ANU Study, live and thrive at The Australian National University. Stories Events Contact Breadcrumb Home Apply International Undergraduate & Postgraduate Assessment Assessment ᐱ ON THE PAGE Understanding the minimum entrance requirements » How we calculate your entrance rank » Genuine Student (GS) Requirement » Contact us ANU Future Students Email us Ask us a question. Enquire now Understanding the minimum entrance requirements After you submit your application, we check to see that you meet the minimum admission requirements to study at ANU. Please be advised that entrance to ANU is competitive, and meeting the minimum entrance requirements does not guarantee entry. Minimum admission requirements International Undergraduate To be considered for entry to an undergraduate coursework degree, you need to meet the University's minimum academic requirement through your senior secondary studies, or after having completed one year of an Australian Bachelor Degree or other qualification accepted by ANU as comparable to an Australian Bachelor Degree as per the Australian Qualification Framework. Make sure you have checked the entry requirements for your preferred program and year ( 2026 ). Some programs have additional entry requirements such as prerequisites or portfolios. You may be considered for a conditional offer if you are not yet meeting all requirements (including the University's English language requirements .) International Postgraduate To be admitted to a postgraduate coursework degree, you need to already hold or be about to complete an Australian Bachelor Degree or other qualification accepted by ANU as comparable to an Australian Bachelor Degree as per the Australian Qualification Framework. Some programs may have specific requirements. You can check the requirements for your preferred program, including pre-requisites, cognate requirements and work experience via the Programs & Courses website . You may be considered for a conditional offer if you are not yet meeting all requirements (including the University's English language requirements .) Receiving an outcome Once we've reviewed your application, we let you know the outcome as soon as possible. There are four possible response you could receive: 1. Your application is incomplete. If you do not provide all the documents we requested, we will notify you and allow you to send the missing documents to us so that we can complete the assessment of your application. When applying directly to ANU, we may offer you an offer conditional upon fulfilling specific academic or English language requirements. Please review the conditions listed on the offer for further details. Documents requested by the Admissions Office or to satisfy the conditions listed in your conditional offer must be uploaded directly to your Studylink application. 2. You are ineligible for admission to ANU. If you don't meet our minimum admission requirements for entry to ANU, we notify you that you are ineligible to apply. We encourage you to work on your English language skills or academic grades, and to try and apply to ANU again in the future. 3. You are ineligible for your preferred program. If you do not meet the minimum requirements for any of your preferred programs: You may automatically be considered for an alternative program which may be used as a pathway into your original program preference. You may also be considered for a packaged offer if available. We will clarify this on your offer letter; or We may advise you that you must change preference to a different program with lower entry requirements. 4. Your application is successful. If your application is successful, you will receive an offer to study at ANU. How we calculate your entrance rank When you apply to ANU, we will calculate an entrance rank which we use to determine your eligibility and suitability for our programs. Undergraduate Programs We use your academic qualification or sequence of study to give you an ANU Selection Rank out of 99.95. Your ANU Selection Rank is used to determine if you meet the minimum requirements for your preferred ANU program. Undergraduate programs - predicted results If you're applying to one of our undergraduate programs and are currently completing the GCE A Levels, IB diploma or Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education, you can apply directly to us using your predicted results. If you have already completed the IB diploma, we recommend you apply through the Universities Admissions Centre (UAC). Here are a few things to keep in mind: You can apply to any of our undergraduate programs that have a minimum requirement of 94 or below You can be assessed on predicted results for commencement in the semester 2 (July) only. If you're a school leaver who has completed the IB diploma, you'll be considered for adjustment factors only if you apply through UAC If final results are available, you must apply using those results If you do use your predicted results to support your application your predicted results must be on official school letterhead and in the same format as the final results and must include: The date of issue of the letter; Your expected graduation date; The expected date of release of official results; The predicted result for each subject undertaken, and, Be signed by the school principal, registrar or equivalent. Your predicted results must be issued as close as possible to when you submit your application and, where possible include your Year 11 and first semester Year 12 academic results. Adjustment Factors - Australian Y12 and IB Diploma Applicants International students who complete an Australian Senior Secondary Certificate of Education or the International Baccalaureate (IB), and who apply via the University Admissions Centre (UAC), may be eligible for the Subject Adjustment Scheme . These applicants may also be eligible for Educational Access Scheme (EAS) adjustments and for Diversity Scheme portfolio-based adjustments for Semester 1, 2027 commencement onwards. Postgraduate Programs ANU uses a 7-point Grade Point Average (GPA) scale. All qualifications submitted for admission at ANU are converted to this common scale. This GPA will determine if you meet our published admission requirements. We understand that depending on the time that you apply to ANU, you may not have completed the final semester of your prior study. To make sure that you and all other candidates are fairly assessed, we exclude your final semester when we calculate your GPA. What does this mean? The GPA for a Bachelor program will be calculated from (i) a completed Bachelor degree using all grades and/or (ii) a completed Bachelor degree using all grades other than those from the last semester (or equivalent study period) of the Bachelor degree. Do be aware that your enrolment at ANU will be conditional on you successfully completing your program which includes your final semester. Successful completion means being awarded your degree (or equivalent). Please click here for more information on how the grades will be converted. Changing preferences or intake You can list up to three preferences in your application. However, you are able to change your program preference and/or your intake any time after you have submitted an application. You can request to change your preference or intake by completing the Request for International Application Re-Assessment web form . Please note that this is considered a new application. Although you will not be charged an application fee, your application will be reassessed. Accepting your offer If you receive an offer to study at ANU - congratulations! Your Letter of Offer will give you a date by which you need to accept your offer. Remember to accept your offer on time - if you don't, your offer may be made void. To request an extension to your acceptance deadline, email acceptance@anu.edu.au. FAQ When can I expect to receive my offer? Offers are issued on an ongoing basis. Most applications will be assessed within ten business days of submission. For example, if you apply on the 1st of the month, you can expect a response on or before the middle of that month. How long do I have to accept my offer? A set offer acceptance deadline has been established for each semester. The standard acceptance deadline for Semester 2 is 30 June if you are overseas, and 10 July if you are in Australia at the time of accepting your offer. The standard acceptance deadline for Semester 1 is 15 January if you are overseas, and 31 January if you are in Australia at the time of accepting your offer. Extensions to the acceptance deadline may be available. To request an extension, contact acceptance@anu.edu.au . I have received an offer, but I want to change my preference or start in a later semester. What do I do? You or your education agent should email Admissions@anu.edu.au to request a change of preference and, or intake. Your email should include the following minimum information: Your name Your application ID (it starts with a 'W') and if known, your ANU ID. Your agency (if applicable); and, the name and commencement date of the program you'd like to be assessed for. Will I still receive a preliminary outcome? No, we no longer issue preliminary outcome. Once your application has been assessed, we will either issue an assessment outcome (an unconditional offer, conditional offer or a rejection), or contact you to request additional information. How do I provide additional documentation? We ask that you upload it directly to your application. We are notified whenever new documentation is provided, so there is no need to email us. How do preferences work? You can list a maximum of three preferences in your application. We will assess each preference. You can expect a single offer to your highest eligible preference. We will let you know if you are ineligible for all your preferences. Genuine Student (GS) Requirement The Department of Home Affairs has introduced the Genuine Student (GS) requirement , placing increased responsibility on Australian universities to ensure that international applicants have a genuine intention to study in Australia. To meet these requirements, all applicants to The Australian National University (ANU) must be assessed as Genuine Students (GS) before receiving a Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE). ANU will contact you if additional information is required. The GS requirement is assessed throughout your application journey. You may be asked to submit supporting documents, such as financial evidence or a personal statement at any time during the application process. Please ensure that all responses are truthful, complete, and accurate. Incomplete or misleading answers may result in your application being considered invalid. If you receive an offer to study at ANU, your offer letter may state that, before accepting your offer or paying any deposit, you are required to complete the ANU GS Assessment Form and return it to acceptance@anu.edu.au . You may also be contacted later to provide additional documents, such as a personal statement, Curriculum Vitae (CV) or other evidence, to support the assessment of your GS status. The ANU Admissions Office will review all submitted GS related materials in accordance with the Department of Home Affairs' guidelines. Only applicants who meet the GS requirements will be approved to accept their offer and be issued a Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE). Your student visa The Department of Home Affairs will also conduct its own assessment of your GS status during the student visa application process. It is essential that the information you provide to ANU aligns with what is submitted in your student visa application. At any stage of the assessment process, if you are not deemed a Genuine Student in line with the GS criteria set out in the Ministerial Direction Number 106 , ANU may: Reject your application. Withdraw any offers issued to you. Cancel your Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) if you have been issued one. The University reserves the right to request additional information and conduct investigations to verify compliance with the Genuine Student requirements. Related links Related policies Minimum entry requirements UG Minimum entry requirements PG Documentation requirements ANU Programs - Additional Selection Criteria International student visa requirements Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) Australian Qualification Framework The new Genuine Student requirement Student Visa Visa Document Checklist Tool English language admission requirements and post-admission support Contact us ANU Future Students Email us