Skip to main content Main navigation Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Accommodation Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Find a scholarship Explore ANU Stories Events Contact Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Related Information Undergraduate students Postgraduate students Postgraduate research Prospective international students Parents & guardians Exchange and study abroad Career advisers Find an education agent Accommodation Accommodation ANU offers a broad range of accommodation choices for students, within a diverse and vibrant community. Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Scholarship Build your future, and let us help. With a range of scholarship opportunities catering to students from a variety of backgrounds and abilities, ANU is here to support you. Find a scholarship Explore ANU Explore ANU Study, live and thrive at The Australian National University. Stories Events Contact Breadcrumb Home Apply English Language Requirements English language requirements Contact us ANU Future Students Email us To be eligible to study at the Australian National University (ANU), you need to demonstrate in your application that you meet the English language requirements. The English requirements are part of the University's minimum admission requirements. In your application you may also need to meet some additional requirements set by your degree program . Our English language requirements apply to all prospective: domestic students international students. Demonstrating that you meet the requirements There are multiple ways for you to demonstrate that you meet the English language requirements, including those below: Completion of prior secondary or tertiary qualifications in English Providing an acceptable English proficiency test. Here are some of the popular tests: International English Language Testing System (IELTS) TOEFL iBT Cambridge C1 Advanced Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic By citizenship of certain English speaking countries (Group A countries) along with education undertaken in that country. Please refer to the ANU English language policy for more information about satisfying the language requirements. Apply to study at ANU Contact us ANU Future Students Email us