Skip to main content Main navigation Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Accommodation Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Find a scholarship Explore ANU Stories Events Contact Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Related Information Undergraduate students Postgraduate students Postgraduate research Prospective international students Parents & guardians Exchange and study abroad Career advisers Find an education agent Accommodation Accommodation ANU offers a broad range of accommodation choices for students, within a diverse and vibrant community. Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Scholarship Build your future, and let us help. With a range of scholarship opportunities catering to students from a variety of backgrounds and abilities, ANU is here to support you. Find a scholarship Explore ANU Explore ANU Study, live and thrive at The Australian National University. Stories Events Contact Breadcrumb Home Apply International Undergraduate & Postgraduate Documentation Requirements Documentation requirements ᐱ ON THE PAGE Documents you will need to apply to ANU » Documents you will need to enrol at ANU » Translating your documents into English » Contact us International recruitment Email us Ask us a question. Enquire now When you apply to ANU, you must be prepared to provide specific documents that we need to assess your application. Documents you will need to apply to ANU Proof that you have met the University's minimum English language requirements . Your academic records, including a grading scale. If you are applying for an undergraduate program, you will need to provide an academic transcript that shows that you have completed your secondary studies. If you are applying for a postgraduate program, you will need to provide your most recent academic transcript. Any other required documentation for your preferred program. Some ANU programs need you to meet additional requirements, including providing proof of relevant work experience. You can check if your preferred program has additional requirements on Programs and Courses . If you are applying for a postgraduate program, to obtain admission based on professional experience, you will need to provide: A curriculum vitae clearly identifying periods of full-time and part-time professional experience; The contact details of two referees who can verify the experience; A statement addressing the relevant learning outcomes of the program as specified in Policy: Recognition of Prior and External Learning; A statement from the employer confirming relevant experience, alternative evidence verifying the professional experience or a statement why such a statement cannot be provided. The University may request additional information and evidence for the admission assessment. You can choose to provide official ID when you apply (birth certificate, citizenship documents, passport). Official ID will be required if your application is successful and you are offered a place at ANU. Documents must not be changed in any way. They must be scanned in colour and must not be re-sized. Documents you will need to enrol at ANU If you are applying for ANU postgraduate programs, your enrolment is subject to a final check and you need to provide: Official final academic transcript; and Degree certificate; and Graduation Certificate (if applicable); and If your original documents are written in a language other than English, the document must be accompanied by a complete English translation. If you are applying for ANU undergraduate programs using your predicted results (IB, HKDSE, GCE-A), your enrolment is subject to a final check and you need to provide: Official final academic transcript. (Please note: We only accept the predicted results for Semester 2 applications.) Documents must not be changed in any way. They must be scanned in colour and must not be re-sized. Translating your documents into English ANU accepts translations from these organisations: A translator accredited by the National Accreditation Authority for Translators & Interpreters (NAATI) Multicultural New South Wales Language Services Interstate office of either the Ethnic Affairs Commission or the Department of Home Affairs Australian diplomatic missions A sworn translator approved by the Australian diplomatic missions in Belgium , Brazil , France , Germany , Indonesia , Peru , Switzerland , Thailand and Vietnam ( Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City ) A Government or other recognised translation authority, e.g. Notary Office in China. Please contact the ANU Admissions Office to determine if the authority is approved to provide translations. IMPORTANT Each page of an authorised translation must bear the translator's signature, the date translated and the translator's accreditation details and the official stamp or seal of the translator's accrediting organisation. The University reserves the rights to reject document translations and may request documents translated by an alternative authority. The list of acceptable translators may change without prior notice. Copies translated by any other sources will not be accepted. Self-translated documents are not acceptable. Related links Assessment English language requirements International student visa requirements Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) Contact us International recruitment Email us