Skip to main content Main navigation Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Accommodation Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Find a scholarship Explore ANU Stories Events Contact Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Related Information Undergraduate students Postgraduate students Postgraduate research Prospective international students Parents & guardians Exchange and study abroad Career advisers Find an education agent Accommodation Accommodation ANU offers a broad range of accommodation choices for students, within a diverse and vibrant community. Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Scholarship Build your future, and let us help. With a range of scholarship opportunities catering to students from a variety of backgrounds and abilities, ANU is here to support you. Find a scholarship Explore ANU Explore ANU Study, live and thrive at The Australian National University. Stories Events Contact Breadcrumb Home Apply ANU Programs With Additional Selection Criteria ANU programs with additional selection criteria Contact us ANU Future Students Email us Ask us a question. Enquire now In addition to submitting a Bachelor or Master degree application, the following three programs (Bachelor of Music, Bachelor of Design and Bachelor of Visual Arts) no longer have compulsory additional selection criteria from Semester 1 2027 onwards. Bachelor of Music Semester 1, 2027 Applications to the Bachelor of Music are assessed based on: Completion of the Australian Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (AQF) or international equivalent with a minimum selection rank of 80. Applicants may submit a portfolio of original creative work to support their application. A satisfactory portfolio will grant an adjustment factor of up to 10 points (a minimum selection rank of 70 is required for the adjustment to apply). Portfolios should include: An introductory statement, A written statement (300-500 words) outlining the applicant's relevant interests, attributes, and experience in music, and their motivations for studying music at ANU. Creative Work Submission: Applicants may submit a single recording of up to 5-10 minutes, or several shorter excerpts totalling no more than 10 minutes, that demonstrate their musical practice. The recording may be a video of a live performance (public or private) or an audio file of a work created in a studio environment (such as a composition, production, or songwriting project). Each work should be accompanied by a brief statement (up to 50 words) including the title, date created, and an explanation of the creative decisions behind the work. More information on how to submit a portfolio is available on the School of Music website. Bachelor of Design Semester 2, 2026 Applications to the Bachelor of Design are assessed based on: Completion of the Australian Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (AQF) or international equivalent. Registration for an interview and submission of a portfolio on the ANU School of Art and Design website . Semester 1, 2027 Applications to the Bachelor of Design are assessed based on: Completion of the Australian Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (AQF) or international equivalent with a minimum selection rank of 80. Applicants may submit a portfolio of original creative work to support their application. A satisfactory portfolio will grant an adjustment factor of up to 10 points (a minimum selection rank of 70 is required for the adjustment to apply). Portfolios should include: An introductory statement, outlining the applicant's relevant interests, attributes and experience and outlining their motivations for studying Design at ANU (300-500 words). Six images documenting the applicant's original creative works, each including a title, date created and a brief artist's statement on each work (up to 50 words). More information on how to submit a portfolio is available on the School of Art and Design website. Bachelor of Visual Arts Semester 2, 2026 Applications to the Bachelor of Visual Arts are assessed based on: Completion of the Australian Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (AQF) or international equivalent. Registration for an interview and submission of a portfolio on the ANU School of Art and Design website . Semester 1, 2027 Applications to the Bachelor of Visual Arts are assessed based on: Completion of the Australian Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (AQF) or international equivalent with a minimum selection rank of 80. Applicants may submit a portfolio of original creative work to support their application. A satisfactory portfolio will grant an adjustment factor of up to 10 points (a minimum selection rank of 70 is required for the adjustment to apply). Portfolios should include: An introductory statement, outlining the applicant's relevant interests, attributes and experience and outlining their motivations for studying Visual Arts at ANU (300-500 words) Six images documenting the applicant's original creative works, each including a title, date created and a brief artist's statement on each work (up to 50 words). More information on how to submit a portfolio is available on the School of Art and Design website. Bachelor of Health Science Entry to the Bachelor of Health Science is based on meeting the minimum selection rank requirement and involves an assessment of suitability based on the questions included in the Bachelor of Health Science Supplementary Form. Submission of this form is compulsory for all applicants. Thirty percent of offers made to domestic students are reserved for students from rural backgrounds. Applicants from a rural background are asked to indicate this in their supplementary form and are required to upload supporting documentation with their application. Visit the ANU College of Science and Medicine website for more information. Applicants intending to commence a Bachelor of Health Science in 2027 should complete the following supplementary documents. Bachelor of Health Science Supplementary Questions Bachelor of Health Science Supplementary Form Bachelor of Philosophy (Honours) - Science Entry to the Philosophy (Honours) - Science is based on meeting the minimum selection rank requirement and involves an assessment of suitability based on the questions included in the Philosophy (Honours) - Science Supplementary Form. Submission of this form is compulsory for all applicants. Applicants intending to commence a Bachelor of Philosophy (Honours) in Semester 2, 2026, or in Semester 1 2027 should complete the following supplementary form. Bachelor of Philosophy (Honours) - Science Supplementary form Bachelor of Philosophy (Honours) - Science Supplementary Questions Bachelor of Philosophy, Neuroscience and Psychology Entry to the Bachelor of Philosophy, Neuroscience, and Psychology is based on meeting the minimum selection rank requirement and involves an assessment of suitability based on the questions included in the Bachelor of Philosophy, Neuroscience, and Psychology Supplementary Form. Submission of this form is compulsory for all applicants. There are approximately 50 places available in each intake of the Bachelor of Philosophy, Neuroscience, and Psychology. Visit the ANU College of Science and Medicine website for more information: https://health.anu.edu.au/study/bachelors/bachelor-philosophy-neuroscience-and-psychology . Applicants intending to commence a Bachelor of Philosophy, Neuroscience and Psychology in 2027 should complete the following supplementary documents. Bachelor of Philosophy, Neuroscience and Psychology Supplementary Questions Bachelor of Philosophy, Neuroscience and Psychology - Supplementary Form Master of Professional Psychology (Applications open from 1 August to 30 September) Admission to the Master of Professional Psychology is based on meeting the minimum GPA requirement with a Bachelor degree comprising an Australian Psychology Accreditation Council accredited sequence of courses in Psychology, and successful assessment of suitability which will be based on interview, supplementary form, CV and the referee reports. Applicants intending to commence the MPP in 2026 should provide the following: Supplementary form and CV Two referee reports Referee reports are to be completed via the National Psychology Reference System . Reference's must be professional and/or academic (not personal). At least one of the referee's must be able to comment on your academic ability. Program applications open on 1 August and close on 30 September each year. Master of Clinical Psychology (Application open from 1 August to 30 September) Admission to the Master of Clinical Psychology is based on meeting the minimum GPA requirement with a Bachelor degree with Honours in Psychology, and successful assessment of suitability which will be based on interview, supplementary form, CV and the referee reports. Applicants intending to commence the MCP in 2026 should provide the following: Supplementary form and CV Two referee reports Referee reports are to be completed via the National Psychology Reference System . Reference's must be professional and/or academic (not personal). At least one of the referee's must be able to comment on your academic ability. Program applications open on 1 August and close on 30 September each year. Reference documents Related links Related policies ANU Bachelor of Health Science Rural Background Criteria (PDF, 800.12 KB) Bachelor of Philosophy (Honours) - Science Supplementary (PDF, 473.11 KB) MPP Referee Report (PDF, 312.22 KB) Use contact details to request an alternative file format. English language requirements Flexible Double Degree applications Programs & Courses Universities Admissions Centre English Language Policy Admission Policy Admission Procedure Contact us ANU Future Students Email us