Skip to main content Main navigation Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Accommodation Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Find a scholarship Explore ANU Stories Events Contact Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Related Information Undergraduate students Postgraduate students Postgraduate research Prospective international students Parents & guardians Exchange and study abroad Career advisers Find an education agent Accommodation Accommodation ANU offers a broad range of accommodation choices for students, within a diverse and vibrant community. Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Scholarship Build your future, and let us help. With a range of scholarship opportunities catering to students from a variety of backgrounds and abilities, ANU is here to support you. Find a scholarship Explore ANU Explore ANU Study, live and thrive at The Australian National University. Stories Events Contact Breadcrumb Home Apply International Students Under 18 Years of Age International students under 18 years of age ᐱ ON THE PAGE Acceptable living arrangements » Confirmation of Appropriate Accommodation and Welfare letter (CAAW) » How to apply » Contact us Acceptance team Email us ANU will admit international students under the age of 18 where adequate welfare arrangements have been made. These arrangements must be finalised before you lodge your visa application documentation (Subclass 500 Student visa). These stipulations are informed by Part B, Standard 5 of the National Code of Practice for Providers of Education and Training to Overseas Students 2018 , which requires that: students under the age of 18 years have appropriate accommodation and welfare arrangements in place prior to applying for a Student visa; the arrangements be approved by the ANU; and the arrangements remain in place for the duration of the period of enrolment plus seven days or until the student turns 18. Please note that you do not need to have welfare arrangements in place if you: turn 18 before you arrive in Australia; and/or you intend to study on a visa other than a Student visa (Subclass 500 visa). If you are applying for a non-Student visa and are under 18 years of age, please contact the Acceptance team prior to accepting any ANU offer. Acceptable living arrangements Scenario one You will live with a parent or eligible relative who is over the age of 21 and of good character. This arrangement must be approved by the Department of Home Affairs, and will not require a Confirmation of Appropriate Accommodation and Welfare (CAAW) letter from ANU. Further information on student guardian visas can be found on the Department of Home Affairs website. Scenario two You will live in one of the approved University student residences on-campus and organise approved care services and welfare arrangements with either Professional Student Care Australia (PSC) or the International Student Alliance Student Care & Welfare Services (ISA). Under this option, ANU will issue a CAAW letter to you which you are required to provide to the Department of Home Affairs as part of your visa application (see details below). Further information on the residences and the application process can be found in the Accommodation section of this site . Confirmation of Appropriate Accommodation and Welfare letter (CAAW) By issuing a CAAW ANU accepts responsibility for the accommodation, support and welfare of international students commencing their program(s). A CAAW may only be issued if you meet the following conditions: If commencing in 2026 or 2027, you will be 17 years of age at enrolment and turn 18 before the census date of your admit term. If you will turn 18 after census date of your admit term, but before 30 November 2026 or 30 November 2027 respectively, you must receive special approval from the Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Education) and the Principal Executive Officer (PEO). The University will not issue a CAAW for students commencing in 2026 or 2027, who turn 18 after 30 November 2026 or 30 November 2027 respectively. You accept your academic offer and meet all conditions by the due date specified on your letter of offer. Your parent/legal guardian has agreed in writing to accept responsibility for your welfare by completing and signing the ANU International Student Under 18 Agreement (see the 'Reference documents' panel on this page). You continue living in the approved accommodation until you are 18 years of age and not change that accommodation unless written agreement is obtained from your parent/legal guardian and the PEO. If ANU accepts responsibility for your accommodation and welfare arrangements and a CAAW is issued, you will be expected to meet and/or maintain certain responsibilities until you turn 18, including: You make contact with the Student Education Services (SES) team as requested. Act responsibly at all times, including being aware of your responsibilities under Australian law, and not participate in illicit activities or risk-taking behaviour. Attend regular scheduled meetings with the relevant staff member within the residential hall/college until your 18th birthday. Obey a curfew of 10pm and do not stay away overnight from the approved accommodation address, including travel outside Canberra for the purpose of returning home or tourism, without written approval from your parent/ legal guardian and the PEO. See the ANU International Student Under 18 Agreement for further details. The University nominates the start and end dates of its responsibility for welfare on the CAAW letter. The Principal Executive Officer has sole discretion in accepting the welfare arrangements for students under the age of 18. The decision of the PEO is final and, in some cases, will be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. ANU reserves the right to rescind the welfare arrangements of any student found to have breached these conditions. How to apply When you receive an offer to study at the University, the Admissions Office will provide you with an ANU International Student Under 18 Agreement. For 2026, the acceptance deadline for students under the age of 18 is: If commencing at ANU in Semester 1 2026: 5 January 2026 If commencing at ANU in Semester 2 2026: 8 June 2026 For 2027, the acceptance deadline for students under the age of 18 is: If commencing at ANU in Semester 1 2027: 11 January 2027 If commencing at ANU in Semester 2 2027: 7 June 2027 On the Under 18 Agreement, parents or guardians will indicate whether the student will live in an approved ANU student residence or with them. Once we receive the completed Under 18 Agreement, we will update our records with the parent or guardian's name, home address, email address, and contact phone number in our student system. If the student will reside with a parent or legal guardian (scenario one), we will proceed with finalising the student's acceptance into the program, and we will issue a Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) certificate. If the student will reside in an approved ANU student residence (scenario two), the University's PEO (and Deputy Vice Chancellor (Education), if required) will review the request. If approved, we will issue a CAAW letter along with a CoE certificate. Reference documents Related links International Student under 18 Agreement Form - 2026 (PDF, 279.13 KB) International Student under 18 Agreement Form - 2027 (PDF, 279.14 KB) Use contact details to request an alternative file format. National Code Part D Standard 5 Student guardian visa ANU student accommodation Professional Student Care Australia International Student Alliance Student Care & Welfare Services Contact us Acceptance team Email us