Skip to main content Main navigation Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Accommodation Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Find a scholarship Explore ANU Stories Events Contact Study Study options Domestic undergraduate Domestic postgraduate International undergraduate & postgraduate Postgraduate research Apply Accept your offer Student experience Fees & payments Student guides and publications Related Information Undergraduate students Postgraduate students Postgraduate research Prospective international students Parents & guardians Exchange and study abroad Career advisers Find an education agent Accommodation Accommodation ANU offers a broad range of accommodation choices for students, within a diverse and vibrant community. Our residences Compare residences Support & resources Application advice Financial support Scholarships Scholarship Build your future, and let us help. With a range of scholarship opportunities catering to students from a variety of backgrounds and abilities, ANU is here to support you. Find a scholarship Explore ANU Explore ANU Study, live and thrive at The Australian National University. Stories Events Contact Breadcrumb Home Scholarships Scholarships Discover scholarships to support your ANU journey. Our scholarship opportunities cater to students from various backgrounds and abilities - and you will be automatically considered you for some when you apply. Find a scholarship Scholarships for future students Explore entry scholarships, equity grants, and accommodation support to kickstart your journey at ANU. Many are awarded automatically when you apply for admission. Scholarships for current students Boost your degree with travel grants, academic merit prizes, exchange bursaries, and emergency financial support throughout your studies. Scholarships for alumni Access prestigious postgraduate research stipends, international exchange fellowships, and lifelong learning awards. Featured scholarships ANU Vice-Chancellor Scholars Program SPOTLIGHT ANU Vice-Chancellor Scholars Program The ANU Vice-Chancellor Scholars Program is a major investment in making an ANU education more accessible. It provides eligible domestic undergraduate and postgraduate students with financial and practical support to overcome barriers, transition to university and thrive at ANU. Learn more Tuckwell Scholarship SPOTLIGHT Tuckwell Scholarship The Tuckwell Scholarship Program is the most transformational undergraduate scholarship program in Australia. Every year, we offer 25 talented school-leavers the opportunity to fulfil their potential by actively participating in the very best that ANU has to offer. Learn more Previous Next ANU Vice-Chancellor's International Achievement Award Great results deserve to be recognised. Awarded in the Vice-Chancellor's name, this scholarship welcomes academically talented international students with 20% off their first-year tuition - and you're considered automatically when you apply to ANU. ANU Changing Futures scholarship Real support to help you get here and thrive. The ANU Changing Futures Scholarship offers domestic undergraduate students who've faced significant challenges $8,000 a year for up to five years - no separate application needed. ANU All-Rounder Scholarship Celebrating well-rounded achievers who lead, inspire, and give back. Unlock financial support designed to help you thrive across every aspect of university life. ANU International Achievement Award Reward your hard work with up to 50% off your tuition, for up to four years. Open to high-achieving international students and awarded automatically when you apply - no separate application needed. Browse scholarships Student type Domestic students International students Study stage Prospective students Current students Alumni Area of Study Arts & social sciences Business & economics Health, medicine & psychology Law, governance & policy Security, international affairs & Asia-Pacific studies Science, technology, engineering & mathematics Study level Undergraduate/Bachelor Honours Postgraduate/Masters, and Graduate certificate Postgraduate research (HDR) Funding source Prestigious & global partner scholarships External Industry & Academic Scholarships Archived /only use for CSS SHOLARSHIP Whether you are looking for financial support to start your studies or for help to move away from home for the first time, ANU has scholarship opportunities for you and your situation. Some of our scholarships recognise academic achievement and others athletic performance. We also offer scholarships that support unique challenges and experiences and recognise leadership, like the Tuckwell Scholarship Program, the most generous and transformative undergraduate scholarship in Australia. ANU Scholarships There are a number of scholarships available to ANU students to help with the cost of your studies. → Prestigious Scholarships There are a number of scholarships available to ANU students to help with the cost of your studies. → External Scholarships There are a number of scholarships available to ANU students to help with the cost of your studies. → Supporting your future