Policy: English language admission requirements and post-admission support Purpose To establish the English language requirements for admission to the University and outline post-admission English language support for students. Overview This document contains the admission requirements based on English language tests, prior education, university preparation programs including English programs, and prior work experience. It indicates requirements for English equivalency cases and study abroad/exchange applications. It outlines post-entry language assessment and the provision of English language support. Scope This policy applies across the University and to applicants for entry to ANU. Definitions AQF. Australian Qualifications Framework Australian Qualifications Framework. This is the national policy for regulated qualifications in Australian education and training. It incorporates the qualifications from each education and training sector into a single comprehensive national qualifications framework. www.aqf.edu.au Course. See Policy: Glossary Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Senior secondary education. Education at Australian Years 11 and 12, or equivalent. This is typically two years of full-time education leading to the award of a Senior Secondary Certificate of Education (see AQF descriptor, Senior Secondary Certificate of Education ). Tertiary education. Education at AQF Levels 5 10. Policy Statement This 1. policy ensures that admitte d student s have the profici ency in English needed to partici pate in their intende d program and that, combine d with postadmissi on testing and Policy: English language requirements for admission policy languag e develop ment, English languag e profici ency would not be expecte d to impede their progres sion and complet ion. Applica2. nts, whether domesti c or interna tional, for admissi on to any ANU program or course deliver ed either in Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Austral ia or oversea s must provide evidenc e that their English languag e ability meets the minimum require ments for admissi on. Exempti ons for program s and courses taught only outside Austral ia and taught and assesse d in a languag e other than English are Policy: English language requirements for admission policy approve d by Academi c Board. Applica3. nts are deemed to have satisfi ed the Univers ity's English languag e require ments for admissi on to an: Undergraduate program, ora. Postgraduate coursework program, orb. Higher Degree by Research program,c. if they can provide evidence that they meet the criteria specified below under one of the following: English language tests, ora. prior senior secondary education, or b. prior tertiary education at AQF Levels 5-10, orc. University preparation studies including English programs.d. Table 1: Paragraphs relating to admission criteria Undergraduat Postgraduate Higher Degree Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Level Requirement e coursework by Research English language tests 13 14; Table 2 23 24; Table 6 33 34; Table 8 Prior senior secondary education 15 17; Tables 3, 4 25 26 Not accepted Prior tertiary education at AQF Levels 5-10 18 20 27 29 35 36 University preparation studies: English language programs, Foundation programs, Other programs 21; Table 5 30 31; Table 7 37; Table 9 The 4. most recent evidenc e is used as proof of English languag e profici ency, unless otherwi se specifi ed. The 5. Univers Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ity reserve s the right to change an uncondi tional offer of admissi on to conditi onal on meeting English languag e require ments, if subsequ ent evidenc e is provide d which demonst rates that the applica nt's English languag e profici ency is Policy: English language requirements for admission policy insuffi cient. The 6. Univers ity reserve s the right to request that an applica nt undergo es an English test in additio n to any other evidenc e of English languag e profici ency provide d. There 7. are no waivers in relatio n to the Policy: English language requirements for admission policy applica tion of this policy. Additional information This 8. policy is read in conjunc tion with relevan t legisla tion and academi c eligibi lity require ments of the ANU, and applies to all program s. Univers9. ity rules relatin g to English Policy: English language requirements for admission policy languag e require ments are located at Coursew ork Awards Rules and Researc h Awards Rules. T10. hese require ments apply only to entry to the Univers ity. International applicants must satisfy the Department of a. Home Affairs English language requirements for visa applications in addition to the University s admission requirements. Students applying for accreditation or registration with b. professional bodies may have additional requirements. Students are responsible for confirming they meet the registration or accreditation standards. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Post-entry language assessment S11. tudents admitte d to the Univers ity will, from 1 January 2027, underta ke a postentry languag e assessm ent (PELA) to: identify a potential risk indicator for academic progress and a. provide early intervention, guide students to appropriate English language support b. provided by ANU (including through third-party providers), with monitoring of engagement with this support to indicate where additional intervention may be beneficial, and enable internal calibration and quality assurance for the ANU c. English language admission requirements. The PELA has no impact on the admission decision. It is expected that the PELA is undertaken as part of the orientation preceding a student s first classes. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Admission to Undergraduate Programs U12. ndergra duate program s are: Diploma (AQF Level 5) " Advanced Diploma or Associate Degree (AQF Level 6) " Bachelor Degree (AQF Level 7) " Bachelor Honours Degree (AQF Level 8) " The University s English language requirements for admission are met by one of the following: English Language Tests 13. Achievi ng or exceedi ng the minimum scores in one of the English languag e tests listed in Table 2 if the test is taken within: two years from the date of application; ora. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy four years from the date of application where a student has b. subsequently completed the equivalent of one year full-time education in English within the last two years. R14. esults from multipl e tests cannot be combine d to meet require ments unless specifi ed in Table 2. R15. esults from at home or remote version s of tests are not accepte d. Tests must have been Policy: English language requirements for admission policy taken in person at an officia l test centre, unless otherwi se specifi ed in Table 2. Table 2: English Language Tests and minimum scores for admission into Undergraduate Programs Test Minimum scores IELTS Academic [including One Skill Retake] and IELTS UKVI Academic [including One Skill Retake] IELTS results must be completed at an IELTS testing centre; online test results are not accepted. All of the following: Overall score: 6.5 Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 TOEFL iBT [excluding Home Edition] If completed on or after 21 January 2026, For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 80 Policy: English language requirements for admission policy only the TOEFL iBT Australia will be accepted (with an overall grading scale of 0 to 120). Reading: 20 Writing: 20 Listening: 18 Speaking: 18 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 81 Reading: 16 Writing: 19 Listening: 16 Speaking: 19 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. Cambridge C1 Advanced For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 176 Reading: 169 Writing: 169 Listening: 169 Speaking: 169 Use of English: 169 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 169 Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Reading: 163 Writing: 170 Listening: 163 Speaking: 179 PTE Academic and PTE Academic UKVI [excluding PTE Academic Online] For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 55 Writing: 55 Listening: 55 Speaking: 55 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 60 Writing: 60 Listening: 60 Speaking: 60 Michigan English Test All of the following: Overall score: 58 Reading: 55 Writing: 57 Listening: 56 Speaking: 48 LanguageCert Academic All of the following: Overall score: 67 Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Reading: 60 Writing: 64 Listening: 57 Speaking: 70 Prior education: senior secondary education C16. itizens of countri es listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es, who have underta ken at least one year of fulltime (or equival ent) year 11 and/or year 12 (or equival ent) senior seconda Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ry educati on in English at a recogni sed institu tion in the nationa l educati on system (or equival ent) of a Group A Country . Table 3: Group A Countries American Samoa Australia Botswana Canada (excluding Quebec) Fiji Ghana Guyana Ireland Jamaica Kenya Lesotho Liberia New Zealand Nigeria Papua New Guinea Samoa Singapore Solomon Islands South Africa Tonga Trinidad and Tobago United Kingdom United States of America Zambia Zimbabwe Policy: English language requirements for admission policy N17. oncitizen s of countri es listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es, who have underta ken senior seconda ry educati on in English at a recogni sed institu tion in the nationa l educati on system (or equival ent) of a Policy: English language requirements for admission policy country listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es where that educati on meets all of the followi ng require ments: successful completion of two years of full-time (or a. equivalent) year 11 and year 12 (or equivalent) senior secondary education within the last four years; successful completion is defined as a pass result in no b. less than 50% of attempted load in any assessable period (for example, term or semester) in the academic year; it is taught and assessed entirely in English except for c. courses that are focused on the development of knowledge and skills in a language other than English; such courses must not be more than 25% of the total successfully completed study load; and education undertaken must result in a sequence of education d. or qualification which is accepted for entry into ANU undergraduate programs. A18. chievin g or Policy: English language requirements for admission policy exceedi ng, no more than two years prior to the date of applica tion, the minimum require ment levels of qualifi cations specifi ed in Table 4: Table 4: Qualifications and minimum requirements for Secondary Qualifications used for admission to undergraduate programs Qualification Minimum requirement Australian Year 12 from a Group A Country listed in Table 3 Successful completion of at least one year of full-time (or equivalent) of Year 11 and/or Year 12 study. Australian Year 12 from a country not listed in Table 3 ACT Senior Secondary Certificate a score of 170 in English as a Second " Language (ESL) T major, or a pass in any other English T Major " course. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) a raw unscaled score of 30 in English " as an Additional Language (EAL), or a raw unscaled score of 25 or more in " units 3 and 4 of any other VCE English subject. Other States/Territory successful completion of Year 12. " French Baccalaureate Must be undertaken at Narrabundah College, Canberra; other locations are not accepted A pass result in any English T Major or T Minor course. GCE A-Level A grade of C or better in: a subject from the Humanities and " Social Sciences subject group , or a subject from the English Language and " Literature subject group, or General Studies. " Singapore A-Level A grade of C or better in: a subject from the Humanities syllabus , " or a subject from the English Language and " Literature syllabus, or General Paper. " Sri Lanka GCE A-Level Not accepted. HKDSE A score of 4 in English Language (core subject). Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE) A grade of C. International IB Diploma taught and assessed entirely in English except for courses focused on Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) the development of knowledge and skills in a language other than English. Or a pass result in English Language A: Literature either at Standard Level or Higher Level or Or A pass result in English Language A: Language and Literature either at Standard Level or Higher Level. All India Senior School Certificate (AISSCE) A grade of C2 in English Core. Indian School Certificate (ISC Year 12) A numerical grade of 1-7 in English as indicated on the Pass Certificate. Tamil Nadu Higher School Certificate A score of 120 (out of 200) in English. Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM/Form 6) A grade of C in English Literature (code 920). Malaysian Independent Chinese Secondary Schools Unified Examinations (MICSS)/UEC A grade of A2 in English Language. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Norwegian Certificate of Completion of Upper Secondary School Examinations (Vitnemål) A numerical grade of 4 in English at both Level 1 and Level 2 in Upper Secondary Examinations. Swedish Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate (Slutbetyg fran Gymnasieskolan) A grade of C in English in Upper Secondary School Certificate. Danish Upper Secondary School Leaving Examinations (Studentereksamen) A numerical grade of 9 at level B Senior High School English. Finnish Matriculation Certificate (Ylioppilastutkintoto distus Studenteksamensbetyg) A numerical grade of 8 in English or English A in the final year of secondary school. Dutch Diploma of PreUniversity Education (Diploma Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwij) A numerical grade of 8 in final year English. German Abitur A numerical grade of 3/ befriedigend (satisfactory) in English. Austrian Maturity Certificate A numerical grade of 3/ befriedigend (satisfactory) in English. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Prior education: tertiary education C19. itizens of countri es listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es, who have underta ken tertiar y educati on in English at a recogni sed institu tion in the nationa l educati on system (or equival ent). N20. onPolicy: English language requirements for admission policy citizen s of countri es listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es, who have underta ken tertiar y educati on in English at a recogni sed institu tion in the nationa l educati on system (or equival ent) of a country listed in Table 3: Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Group A Countri es where that educati on meets all of the followi ng require ments: a minimum of two years of full-time (or equivalent) a. education within the last four years; a pass result in no less than 50% of attempted load in any b. assessable period (for example, term or semester) in the academic year; taught and assessed entirely in English except for courses c. that are focused on the development of knowledge and skills in a language other than English; such courses must not be more than 25% of the total successfully completed study load; and results in a sequence of education or qualification which d. is accepted for entry into ANU undergraduate programs. S21. uccessf ul complet ion, prior to 31 Decembe r 2024 and no Policy: English language requirements for admission policy more than two years prior to the date of applica tion, of one of the followi ng ANU Diploma program s: ECOMP Diploma of Computinga. EDESN Diploma of Creative Designb. ELIBS Diploma of Liberal Studiesc. EMUSI Diploma of Musicd. ESCIE Diploma of Sciencee. University pathway programs including English programs A22. chievin g or exceedi ng, no more than two years prior to the date of applica Policy: English language requirements for admission policy tion, the minimum scores in one of the English languag e program s in Table 5a, Univers ity Foundat ion program s listed in Table 5b, or Other Pathway Program s listed in Table 5c: Table 5a: English language programs recognised for admission to ANU undergraduate programs: English language program Minimum score for undergraduate admission Policy: English language requirements for admission policy AEMG Direct Entry Program (DEP) English for Academic Purposes (EAP 2 or EAP 3) Where admission into the program is through one of the following formal university-touniversity articulation agreements: Shandong " University, Weihai, China, into ANU Bachelor of Advanced Computing (Honours) Shandong University " College of Science, Weihai, China, into ANU Bachelor of Science/Master of Science vertical double degree (3+1+1) Southwest " University, China, into ANU Bachelor of Science (Psychology) 70% with no section less than 65%. Other programs or pathways: not accepted. University of Canberra College Academic English 4 Pass Table 5b: University Foundation programs recognised for admission to ANU undergraduate programs: Foundation Program Minimum score for undergraduate admission Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Foundation Programs if taught fully in English: Institution Name of Program Bond University College Foundation Program Canning College ASC International Western Australian Universities Foundation Program (WAUFP) Macquarie University Standard Foundation or Intensive Foundation Monash College Monash University Foundation Year (MUFY) University of Adelaide College Foundation Studies Program Trinity College, University of Melbourne Trinity College Foundation Studies (TCFS) University of New South Wales College University Foundation Studies University of Notre Dame Tertiary Pathway Program University of Queensland College Foundation Program Taylors College The University of Sydney Foundation Program 65% or more, or a C+ or more, in Academic English taught in a Group A country 75% or more, or a B or more, in Academic English taught in a country that is not a Group A country, excluding programs listed in the Table of Excluded Programs in the Procedure: Admissions (Coursework), for which programs not taught in a Group A country are not accepted Table 5c: Other Pathway Programs Other Pathway Program Minimum score for undergraduate admission [None] [N/A] Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Admission to Postgraduate Coursework Programs P23. ostgrad uate Coursew ork Program s are: Graduate Certificate (AQF Level 8) " Graduate Diploma (AQF Level 8) " Master Degree (AQF Level 9) " Juris Doctor (JD) (AQF Level 9) " Medicinae ac Chirurgiae Doctoranda (MChD)/Doctor of Medicine " and Surgery (AQF Level 9) The University s English language requirements for admission are met by one of the following: English Language Tests 24. Achievi ng or exceedi ng the minimum scores in one of the English languag e tests listed in Table 6 if the Policy: English language requirements for admission policy test is taken within: two years from the date of application; ora. four years from the date of application where a student has b. subsequently completed the equivalent of one year full-time education in English within the last two years. R25. esults from multipl e tests cannot be combine d to meet require ments unless specifi ed in Table 6. R26. esults from at home or remote version s of tests are not accepte Policy: English language requirements for admission policy d. Tests must have been taken in person at an officia l test centre, unless otherwi se specifi ed in Table 6. Table 6: Minimum requirements for accepted English Language Tests for admission into Postgraduate Coursework Programs Test Minimum scores for unspecified programs Minimum scores for specified programs Medicinae ac Chirurgiae Doctoranda (MChD)/Doctor of Medicine and Surgery Master of Clinical Psychology Master of Professional Psychology IELTS Academic [excluding All of the following: Overall All of the following: Overall All of the following: Overall Policy: English language requirements for admission policy One Skill Retake and IELTS Online] All IELTS results must be completed at an IELTS testing centre, online test results are not accepted. score: 6.5 Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 score: 7.0 Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 score: 7.0 Reading: 7.0 Writing: 7.0 Speaking: 7.0 Listening: 7.0 Note: The requirement of a minimum of 7.0 in each component can be met across two test sittings in a six month period, on condition that: The overall score is 7.0 on both tests; and There are no scores less than 6.5 in either test. IELTS Academic One All of the following: Overall score: 6.5 Not accepted Not accepted Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Skill Retake All IELTS results must be completed at an IELTS testing centre, online test results are not accepted. Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 IELTS UKVI Academic [including One Skill Retake] All IELTS results must be completed at an IELTS testing centre, online test results are not accepted. All of the following: Overall score: 6.5 Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 Not accepted Not accepted TOEFL iBT Paper Edition For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 100 Not accepted. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy All of the following: Overall score: 80 Reading: 20 Writing: 20 Listening: 18 Speaking: 18 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 81 Reading: 16 Writing: 19 Listening: 16 Speaking: 19 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. Reading: 22 Writing: 22 Listening: 22 Speaking: 22 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. For study All of the All of the Policy: English language requirements for admission policy TOEFL iBT [excluding Paper Edition and Home Edition] If completed on or after 21 January 2026, only the TOEFL iBT Australia will be accepted (with an overall grading scale of 0 to 120). All of the following: Overall score: 80 Reading: 20 Writing: 20 Listening: 18 Speaking: 18 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 81 Reading: 16 Writing: 19 Listening: 16 Speaking: 19 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. Overall score: 100 Reading: 22 Writing: 22 Listening: 22 Speaking: 22 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. Overall score: 100 Reading: 24 Writing: 27 Listening: 24 Speaking: 23 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. Note: The requirement of the minimum in each component can be met across two test sittings in a six month period, on condition that: Policy: English language requirements for admission policy The overall a. score is 100 on both tests; and There are no scores less than 24 in Writing, and 20 in Speaking and Listening, and 19 in Reading in either test. Cambridge C1 Advanced For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 176 Reading: 169 Writing: 169 Listening: 169 Speaking: 169 Use of English: 169 For study commencing on or All of the following: Overall score: 185 Reading: 169 Writing: 169 Listening: 169 Speaking: 169 Use of English: 169 All of the following: Overall score: 185 Reading: 179 Writing: 193 Not accepted. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 169 Reading: 163 Writing: 170 Listening: 163 Speaking: 179 Listening: 175 Speaking: 194 Use of English: 169 PTE Academic [excluding PTE Academic Online] For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 55 Writing: 55 Listening: 55 Speaking: 55 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 70 Communicative Skills: Reading: 60 Writing: 60 Listening: 60 Speaking: 60 All of the following: Overall score: 70 Communicative Skills: Reading: 65 Writing: 65 Listening: 65 Speaking: 65 Note: The requirement of the minimum of 65 in each component can be met across two test Policy: English language requirements for admission policy All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 60 Writing: 60 Listening: 60 Speaking: 60 sittings in a six month period, on condition that: The overall b. score is 75 on both tests; and There are no scores less than 58 in either test. PTE Academic UKVI [excluding PTE Academic Online] For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 55 Writing: 55 Listening: 55 Speaking: 55 For study commencing on or after 1 January Not Accepted Not Accepted Policy: English language requirements for admission policy 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 60 Writing: 60 Listening: 60 Speaking: 60 Michigan English Test All of the following: Overall score: 58 Reading: 55 Writing: 57 Listening: 56 Speaking: 48 Not Accepted Not Accepted LanguageCert Academic All of the following: Overall score: 67 Reading: 60 Writing: 64 Listening: 57 Speaking: 70 Not Accepted Not Accepted Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Prior senior secondary education C27. itizens of countri es listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es, who have underta ken at least one year of fulltime (or equival ent) year 11 and/or year 12 (or equival ent) senior seconda ry educati on in English Policy: English language requirements for admission policy at a recogni sed institu tion in the nationa l educati on system (or equival ent) of a Group A country . A28. ustrali an Citizen s who meet all of the followi ng require ments: undertook secondary education in Australia at a regional or a. remote School for which neither the Government nor a Tertiary Admissions Centre holds records for the relevant cohort of students (as distinct from the relevant student); have five years full-time (equivalent) work experience in b. Australia at ANZSCO Skill Level 1; and Policy: English language requirements for admission policy provide the name of the School and the years during which c. the education was undertaken. Prior tertiary education C29. ompleti on of a minimum 3 year Bachelo r degree or a minimum 2 year Master degree or a minimum 2 year Doctora l degree taught and assesse d entirel y in English except for courses that are focused on the develop Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ment of knowled ge and skills in a languag e other than English ; such courses must not be more than 25% of the total success fully complet ed study load. Where the degree was not undertaken in a country listed in Table 3: Group A Countries, a statement or certificate of confirmation issued by the Registrar s office (or equivalent) of the institution at which tertiary education was undertaken must be provided, which must: be an original version in English printed on official a. headed paper and duly signed, specify the student s full name,b. specify the name of the qualification in which the student c. was enrolled, and include a statement of the extent to which the education d. was taught andassessed entirely in English. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy T30. ertiary educati on in English in a country listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es at a recogni sed institu tion in the nationa l educati on system (or equival ent) of that country . If the applica nt is not a citizen of a Group A Country , the Policy: English language requirements for admission policy educati on must meet all of followi ng additio nal require ments: a minimum of two years of full-time (or equivalent) a. education within the last four years; a pass result in no less than 50% of attempted load in any b. assessable period (for example, term or semester) in the academic year; and taught and assessed entirely in English except for courses c. that are focused on the development of knowledge and skills in a language other than English; such courses must not be more than 25% of the total successfully completed study load. T31. ertiary educati on in English in a country not listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es that meets Policy: English language requirements for admission policy all of the followi ng require ments: a minimum of two years of full-time (or equivalent) a. education within the last four years; a pass result in no less than 50% of attempted load in any b. assessable period (for example, term or semester) in the academic year; taught and assessed entirely in English except for courses c. that are focused on the development of knowledge and skills in a language other than English; such courses must not be more than 25% of the total successfully completed study load; and a statement or certificate of confirmation issued by the d. Registrar s office (or equivalent) of the institution at which tertiary education was undertaken which must: be an original version in English printed on official i. headed paper and duly signed, specify the student s full name,ii. specify the name of the qualification in which the iii. student was enrolled, and include a statement of the extent to which the iv. education was taught and assessed entirely in English.Applicants may not submit a modified statement or certificate after receiving an assessment outcome related to the original statement provided. University pathway programs including English programs P32. athway progams includi ng English program Policy: English language requirements for admission policy s are not availab le for admissi on into the followi ng program s: Medicinae ac Chirurgiae Doctoranda (MChD)/Doctor of o Medicine and Surgery Master of Clinical Psychology o Master of Professional Psychologyo F33. or all other postgra duate coursew ork program s, achievi ng or exceedi ng, no more than two years prior to the date of applica Policy: English language requirements for admission policy tion, the minimum scores in one of the Univers ity pathway program s includi ng English program s listed in Table 7: Table 7: University pathway programs including English programs recognised for admission to non-excluded ANU postgraduate coursework programs: English Program Minimum score for postgraduate coursework admission to nonexcluded programs (see clause 32 for excluded programs) AEMG Direct Entry Program (DEP) English for Academic Purposes (EAP 2 or EAP3) Where admission into the program is through the following formal university-touniversity articulation agreement: Shandong University, Weihai, " College of Science, China, into ANU Bachelor of Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Science/Master of Science " vertical double degree 70% with no section less than 65%. Other programs or pathways: not accepted. University of Canberra College Academic English 4 Pass Admission to Higher Degree by Research Programs H34. igher Degree by Researc h Program s are: Master of Philosophy (AQF Level 9) " Doctor of Philosophy (AQF Level 10) " The University s English language requirements for admission are met by one of the following: English Language Tests 35. Achievi ng or exceedi ng the minimum scores Policy: English language requirements for admission policy in one of the English languag e tests listed in Table 8 if the test is taken within: two years from the date of application; ora. four years from the date of application where a student has b. subsequently completed the equivalent of one year full-time education in English within the last two years. R36. esults from multipl e tests cannot be combine d to meet require ments unless specifi ed in Table 8. R37. esults from Policy: English language requirements for admission policy at home or remote version s of tests are not accepte d. Tests must have been taken in person at an officia l test centre, unless otherwi se specifi ed in Table 8. Table 8: Minimum requirements for accepted English Language Tests for admission into Higher Degree by Research Programs Test Minimum scores for all Higher Degree by Research Programs excluding the Doctor of Philosophy (Clinical Psychology) Minimum scores for the Doctor of Philosophy (Clinical Psychology) Policy: English language requirements for admission policy IELTS Academic [excluding One Skill Retake] All IELTS results must be completed at an IELTS testing centre, online test results are not accepted. All of the following: Overall score: 6.5 Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 All of the following: Overall score: 7.0 Reading: 7.0 Writing: 7.0 Speaking: 7.0 Listening: 7.0 Note: The requirement of a minimum of 7.0 in each component can be met across two test sittings in a six month period, on condition that: The overall a. score is 7.0 on both tests; and There are no b. scores less than 6.5 in either test. IELTS Academic One Skill Retake All IELTS results must be completed All of the following: Overall score: 6.5 Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 Not accepted. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy at an IELTS testing centre, online test results are not accepted. IELTS UKVI Academic [including One Skill Retake] All IELTS results must be completed at an IELTS testing centre, online test results are not accepted. All of the following: Overall score: 6.5 Reading: 6.0 Writing: 6.0 Listening: 6.0 Speaking: 6.0 Not accepted. TOEFL iBT Paper Edition For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 80 Reading: 20 Writing: 20 Listening: 18 Speaking: 18 For study commencing on or Not accepted. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 81 Reading: 16 Writing: 19 Listening: 16 Speaking: 19 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. TOEFL iBT [excluding Paper Edition and Home Edition] If completed on or after 21 January 2026, only the TOEFL iBT Australia will be accepted (with an overall grading scale of 0 For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 80 Reading: 20 Writing: 20 Listening: 18 Speaking: 18 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 81 Reading: 16 Writing: 19 Listening: 16 Speaking: 19 The TOEFL institutional code All of the following: Overall score: 100 Reading: 24 Writing: 27 Listening: 24 Speaking: 23 The TOEFL institutional code for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. Note: The requirement of Policy: English language requirements for admission policy to 120). for the ANU is 0506. Applicants may use this code to report their TOEFL results to the university. the minimum in each component can be met across two test sittings in a six month period, on condition that: The overall a. score is 100 on both tests; and There are no b. scores less than 24 in Writing, and 20 in Speaking and Listening, and 19 in Reading in either test. Cambridge C1 Advanced For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 176 Reading: 169 Writing: 169 Listening: 169 Speaking: 169 Use of English: 169 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 169 Reading: 163 Writing: 170 Listening: 163 Not accepted. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Speaking: 179 PTE Academic [excluding PTE Academic Online] For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 55 Writing: 55 Listening: 55 Speaking: 55 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 60 Writing: 60 Listening: 60 Speaking: 60 All of the following: Overall score: 70 Communicative Skills: Reading: 65 Writing: 65 Listening: 65 Speaking: 65 Note: The requirement of the minimum of 65 in each component can be met across two test sittings in a six month period, on condition that: The overall a. score is 75 on both tests; and There are no b. scores less than 58 in either test. PTE Academic UKVI [excluding For study commencing prior to 1 January 2027: All of the following: Not Accepted Policy: English language requirements for admission policy PTE Academic Online] Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 55 Writing: 55 Listening: 55 Speaking: 55 For study commencing on or after 1 January 2027: All of the following: Overall score: 64 Communicative Skills: Reading: 60 Writing: 60 Listening: 60 Speaking: 60 Michigan English Test All of the following: Overall score: 58 Reading: 55 Writing: 57 Listening: 56 Speaking: 48 LanguageCert Academic All of the following: Overall score: 67 Reading: 60 Writing: 64 Listening: 57 Speaking: 70 Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Prior tertiary education C38. ompleti on of a minimum 3 year Bachelo r degree or a minimum 2 year Master degree taught and assesse d in entirel y in English except for courses that are focused on the develop ment of knowled ge and skills in a languag e other than English Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ; such courses must not be more than 25% of the total success fully complet ed study load. C39. itizens of countri es listed in Table 3: Group A Countri es, who have underta ken tertiar y educati on taught and assesse d in Policy: English language requirements for admission policy English at a recogni sed institu tion in the nationa l educati on system (or equival ent) meet the Univers ity s English languag e require ments for admissi on. English programs A40. chievin g or exceedi ng, no more than two years Policy: English language requirements for admission policy prior to the date of applica tion, the minimum scores in one of the English program s listed in Table 9: Table 9: English programs recognised for admission to ANU Higher Degree by Research programs: English Program Minimum score for all Higher Degree by Research Programs excluding the Doctor of Philosophy (Clinical Psychology) University of Canberra College Academic English 4 Pass Study Abroad and Exchange Applicants S41. tudy abroad or exchang Policy: English language requirements for admission policy e student s can, in additio n to the standar d admissi on require ments for their program , fulfil the Univers ity's English languag e admissi on require ments through the Common Europea n Framewo rk of Referen ce for Languag es Policy: English language requirements for admission policy System (CEFR) by achievi ng a certifi cate of English languag e profici ency from their home institu tion with an overall grade of C1 ( Effec tive Operati onal Profici ency ) with no less than C1 in each of reading , writing , speakin g and listeni Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ng. CEFR certifi cation is only accepte d from institu tions within a country or territo ry that is a membe r of the Council of Europe. Case for English Language Equivalency (CELE) CELE Principles T42. he ANU is strongl y committ ed to admissi ons transpa rency, and Policy: English language requirements for admission policy despite Coursew ork Awards Rule 2020 para. 15(5) makes no waivers of its English Languag e Admissi on standar ds. All applica nts must meet the English Languag e require ments of the Univers ity as outline d in the Policy: English Languag e Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Admissi on Require ments and PostAdmissi on Support or, in rare cases, by the relevan t ANU College establi shing a Case for English Languag e Equival ency on behalf of the applica nt. A43. pplican ts cannot commenc e or establi sh a Case Policy: English language requirements for admission policy for English Languag e Equival ency on their own. C44. ases for equival ency are only availab le as follows : for coursework applicants, equivalency cases may only be made a. for Australian domestic applicants; for HDR applicants, equivalency cases will normally only be b. considered for applicants basing their academic admission requirements on work experience in a Group A country; Group A countries are specified in the Policy: English Language Admission Requirements and Post-Admission Support. CELE Process A 45. Case for English Languag e Equival ency may be Policy: English language requirements for admission policy made via a memo: for coursework students, by the Associate Dean (Education) of a. the relevant College to the Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Academic) and the Pro Vice-Chancellor (Academic Quality); or for Higher Degree by Research (HDR) students, by the b. Associate Dean with responsibility for HDR matters of the relevant College to the Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Research and Innovation) and the Pro Vice-Chancellor (Graduate Research). I46. f the Associa te Dean has a conflic t of interes t, the memo should be from the College Dean or, if also conflic ted, the relevan t Associa te Dean of another College . Policy: English language requirements for admission policy E47. ach memo must relate to only one applica nt; multipl e request s cannot be combine d into a single memo. I48. n the memo, the Associa te Dean must confirm : whether the applicant meets the program s academic admission a. requirements, or whether a forced offer request will also be made (in which case the forced offer request should be submitted in the same email as the Case for English Language Equivalency); and that the request does not involve a conflict of interest.b. T49. he memo Policy: English language requirements for admission policy must provide either (i) documen tary evidenc e of at least 5 years fulltime equival ent work experie nce in Austral ia in the Austral ian Public Service at APS Level 5 or above; or (ii) at least two of the followi ng types of evidenc e of Policy: English language requirements for admission policy English Languag e Equival ency, and attach documen tary evidenc e to support the case: test results which meet requirements except that they are up a. to six months older than the two year expiry date; and/or evidence of at least two years work experience in a Group A b. country requiring English language proficiency; and/or both:c. an interview in English with the student conducted * by a member of staff other than the coursework thesis supervisor or HDR supervisor; and and a sample of sole-authored written work in * English attested to by an independent source that has not been edited by a third party; or (iii) for holders of one of the following Australian Government visas and who are classified as a domestic student: Global Special Humanitarian (subclass 202) " Protection visa (subclass 866) " Refugee visas (subclass 200,201,203 and 204) " Resolution of Status visa (subclass 851) " and who do not meet (i) or (ii) above, a case-by-case portfolio where the evidence to be included in the portfolio is (a) proposed by an ANU staff member with expertise in ELICOS and/or English language testing and (b) approved by a Pro Vice-Chancellor. The Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Pro-Vice Chancellor approving the evidence required for the portfolio may not approve the case. T50. he College Dean or delegat e who can commit funding is to confirm that if remedia l English courses are require d that they will be arrange d by the area at no cost to the student , and that the College will cover relevan t costs Policy: English language requirements for admission policy associa ted with English languag e tuition . T51. he memo with its attachm ents is to be emailed as a single file to, for all coursew ork program s, the Associa te Registr ar (Admiss ions) in DSAAS at Admissi ons.Man ager@an u.edu.a Policy: English language requirements for admission policy u or, for all HDR program s, the Manager , Higher Degree Researc h Operati ons at gro@anu .edu.au . If there are multipl e memos, each is to be emailed separat ely. The email subject line should be in the format: Case for English Languag e Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Equival ency: [applic ation number] [applic ant s name]. T52. he Associa te Registr ar (Admiss ions) or Manager , Higher Degree Researc h Operati ons or Delegat e will forward the memo to the relevan t Deputy ViceChancel lor and Dean Policy: English language requirements for admission policy who will conside r the request , and within ten busines s days either: approve the request; or a. ask for further information to help inform their decision; or b. not approve the request, and email this outcome by replying c. to the requesting email from admissions or the Graduate Research Office. F53. or a Case to be approve d, two approva ls are needed; approva ls must be given by Deputy ViceChancel lors Policy: English language requirements for admission policy and/or Pro ViceChancel lors. A54. dmissio ns (for coursew ork program s) or Graduat e Researc h Office (for HDR program s) will within five busines s days convey the decisio n to the Associa te Dean by email. T55. he Associa Policy: English language requirements for admission policy te Dean is respons ible for supplyi ng any further informa tion that has been request ed within ten busines s days to the Associa te Registr ar (Admiss ions) or Manager , Higher Degree Researc h Operati ons or Delegat e. Clauses 51 54 Policy: English language requirements for admission policy will be repeate d until the request is either approve d or not approve d. I56. f two approva ls are receive d, Admissi ons (for coursew ork program s) or Graduat e Researc h Office (for HDR program s) will make the offer or Policy: English language requirements for admission policy force the offer in the UAC system. T57. he decisio n is final and as a Case for English Languag e Equival ency may not be made by an applica nt it may not be appeale d. CELE Monitoring of students F58. or each student admitte d under a Case for English Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Languag e Equival ency, the Associa te Dean making the Case is to appoint : for coursework students, either the Convenor of the Student s a. program, or the Deputy Director (Education) or equivalent of the relevant Research School (or equivalent); or for Higher Degree by Research Students, either the thesis b. supervisor or the Deputy Director (HDR) or equivalent of the relevant Research School (or equivalent) to confirm to the Associate Dean in the third month of enrolment/candidature that the student has the proficiency in English needed to participate in their study. W59. here profici ency in English needed to partici pate in the student s study is not demonst Policy: English language requirements for admission policy rated, remedia l English courses are to be arrange d by the area at no cost to the student . The College is require d to cover relevan t costs associa ted with English languag e tuition . W60. hen profici ency in English needed to partici Policy: English language requirements for admission policy pate in the student s study has been demonst rated, the Associa te Dean will inform either the Secreta ry to the Academi c Quality Assuran ce Committ ee or the Secreta ry to the Higher Degree Reserac h Committ ee in writing . The College Policy: English language requirements for admission policy is no longer require d to source or fund further English languag e tuition once the Secreta ry has been informe d. CELE Reporting A61. n annual report is to be prepare d for AQAC, HDRC, and Academi c Board categor ising Cases for English Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Languag e Equival ency by School and College , by cohort (underg raduate , postgra duate coursew ork, higher degree by researc h), by student demogra phic, and by type of evidenc e used. The report should conside r the marks and grades, or work on the thesis, Policy: English language requirements for admission policy of each student , and a report from the staff member who is monitor ing their progres s. English language support T62. he demonst ration of the requisi te English languag e profici ency to underta ke tertiar y educati on is critica l to the student Policy: English language requirements for admission policy s ability to develop academi c literac y, that is, to acquire and compete ntly deploy the special ised languag e, argumen tation, and referen cing convent ions of discipl inespecifi c discour se. B63. ased on their perform ance in the Policy: English language requirements for admission policy postentry languag e assessm ent, student s are directe d to the appropr iate availab le resourc es for develop ing their academi c literac y and English languag e profici ency. S64. tudents take respons ibility for making use of these Policy: English language requirements for admission policy resourc es, which cover academi c literac y develop ment and English languag e support . Quality assurance T65. he require ments specifi ed in this policy are minimum require ments that will be adopted Univers ity wide. An evidenc Policy: English language requirements for admission policy e-based case for a higher level of English languag e ability for entry can be made for individ ual program s. A66. n annual report coverin g the previou s calenda r year is to be prepare d by the Plannin g and Service Perform Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ance Divisio n. The report will use postentry languag e assessm ent data and progres sion and retenti on data to analyse each of the English languag e admissi on require ments includi ng achieve d scores in instanc es where Policy: English language requirements for admission policy the policy specifi es a minimum score. The report is provide d to the Academi c Quality Assuran ce Committ ee at its second meeting each year. At that meeting , the Committ ee will conside r the report and recomme nd any changes to this policy to Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Academi c Board. E67. nglish languag e tests, English languag e program s, Foundat ion program s, and other pathway program s (exclud ing Seconda ry School qualifi cations ) must demonst rate that they meet at a minimum the princip Policy: English language requirements for admission policy les and criteri a set out in Table 10 before they can be conside red for inclusi on in this policy. Provide d data will be used to determi ne the initial achieve ment levels (includ ing subbands where appropr iate); these levels will be quality assured by and may be adjuste Policy: English language requirements for admission policy d based on PELA data. Table 10: Requirements for addition of English language tests and programs (excluding Secondary School qualifications) to this policy Test quality assurance principles (clause 68) Program quality assurance principles (clause 69) Institutional quality assurance criteria (clause 70) English language tests Yes No No English language programs No Either Program or Institutional principles Either Program or Institutional principles Foundation programs No Yes Yes Other programs No Yes Yes T68. he English Languag e Test quality assuran Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ce princip les are: Principle 1: The test is fit for purpose. The test measures academic English language proficiency.o The tasks and scoring methods represent similar tasks, o skills and values to those of the academic domain. The test provider has a validation agenda which examines o the accuracy and appropriateness of scoring, the test s fit-for-purpose for the academic domain, and the impact of the test. The validation research is available. The test generates preparation activities that develop o academic English. Principle 2: The test provides sufficient information for decision-making. The test measures four skills (reading, writing, o speaking, listening). The test levels are representative of the range of o English language proficiencies relevant to the ANU applicant pool. The Standard Error of Measurement (SEm) is acceptable at o score decision points, i.e., the minimum required score for entry to a program. Principle 3: The test provides consistent and fair measurement. The test is reliable and publishes information about its o internal properties. The test is secure.o The test is not biased against any applicant groups.o Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Principle 4: The test s score equivalence with other tests is robust. There is a sound empirical basis for the score o equivalences claimed. Equivalences are based on considerations of construct o congruence as well as correlational strength. Principle 5: The range of tests is accessible. At least one of the tests is accessible in terms of o technology, geography and any accommodations required for inclusive testing. In rare circumstances, exceptions may apply to o Principles 1 to 4 for reasons of inclusivity and access. T69. he Program quality assuran ce princip les are: Principle 1: The curriculum, learning outcomes and assessments are fit for purpose and sufficient evidence is gathered. Criteria for evaluation:o The curriculum and learning outcomes focus centrally i. on the domain of English-medium university study; The program offers a rich and relevant learning ii. experience; The summative assessments capture a robust sample iii. of relevant academic English language and literacy skills, including oral and listening skills; Scoring and rating processes and levels (summative iv. assessments) prioritise aspects of English language Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ability that are relevant to English-medium university study; and Any use of external examinations is well justified in v. relation to the course outcomes. Providers supply:o Relevant curriculum overviews and learning outcomes;i. Structure and time allocation for the program, ii. including time spend in class and mode of class delivery (e.g., in-person, online); Specifications for summative assessments iii. demonstrating the evidence base for academic English proficiency; and Sample summative assessments (e.g., practice test iv. papers) and descriptions/samples of assessment components (e.g., task description, use of input texts, approach to AI and technology assistance at task level, marking criteria, assessment conditions and timing). Principle 2: The summative assessments and final grades are reliable, transparent and fair representations of an individual s English language ability. Criteria for evaluation:o The assessments are reliable and consistently i. administered with marking moderation processes in place; The assessments are secure and there are procedures ii. in place for monitoring academic integrity, including the use of AI tools; The Standard Error of Measurement (SEM) is iii. acceptable at the minimum required score for entry to a university program; If machine scoring/rating is used, it is combined iv. with human monitoring (for objective scoring) and human rating (for subjective scoring). Any use of AI in the assessment and marking process should be well documented and transparent; Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Final grades are based on independent work (i.e., not v. group marks); and Teaching/assessing staff are well qualified.vi. Providers supply auditable evidence on the following:o Descriptions of regular marking processes for all i. summative tasks, including regular moderation, comarking, or other procedures; Procedures for keeping summative assessment ii. materials and administrations secure; Expectations regarding the independence of iii. summative assessments including expectations about the use of technological assistance in summative assessments, and the ways that this is monitored, and the extent of any collaborative assessment performances; Procedures for educating about and monitoring iv. academic integrity; Reliability statistics and item statistics for v. summative assessments; Details of human and machine scoring methods; andvi. Recruitment criteria for relevant staff.vii. Principle 3: The program final grades are comparable to the university entry requirement score level/s. Criteria for evaluation:o There is a sound empirical basis for the relationship i. between program grades and university English language entrance requirements; and If external, standardised tests are used as ii. summative assessments, these have robust and evidencebased equivalences to university entrance requirements. Providers supply:o Documentation about benchmarking with external tests i. and/or university entrance standard-setting procedures; Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Tracking studies showing pathway college students ii. performances once at university; and Evidence of equivalence of any external tests used iii. to university entrance requirements. T70. he Institu tional quality assuran ce criteri a are: the provider must be on, or must be a wholly-owned a. subsidiary of a provider on, at least one of the: Commonwealth Register of Institutions and i. Courses for Overseas Students (CRICOS); National Register of Higher Education ii. Providers in accordance with the Tertiary Education Quality and Standards Agency Act 2011 (TEQSA Act); the program must be entirely taught in a Group A County b. (see Table 3); and the program is taught by an Australian university or a c. wholly-owned subsidiary of an Australian university, or was developed in partnership with or created for an Australian university; and that university admits students who successfully complete the program at a specified minimum achievement level in English directly into an undergraduate or postgraduate degree with an English language admission requirement of at least that specified in Table 2 (for admission into undergraduate programs) or Table 6 (for admission into postgraduate coursework programs); the initial achievement level in English will be the same as that set by that university. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy W71. here an English Languag e Test, English Languag e Program , Foundat ion Program , or Other Program is to be conside red for additio n to this policy, the Pro ViceChancel lor (Academ ic Quality ) request Policy: English language requirements for admission policy s the relevan t organis ation to provide evidenc e that the test or program meets the relevan t Princip les and Criteri a; however , institu tional criteri a may be determi ned from publish ed sources Policy: English language requirements for admission policy and not request ed from the institu tion. The Pro ViceChancel lor (Academ ic Quality ) seeks written advice from at least two academi c experts in the field of English languag e testing based on the evidenc e Policy: English language requirements for admission policy provide d and on Test Princip le 5. The Pro ViceChancel lor (Academ ic Quality ) prepare s a case for conside ration by the Academi c Quality Assuran ce Committ ee for endorse ment for transmi ssion to Policy: English language requirements for admission policy Academi c Board for approva l. W72. here a Governm ent declare s an emergen cy situati on that prevent s or makes it difficu lt for applica nts to access the tests listed in this policy, Academi c Board may Policy: English language requirements for admission policy approve , for the duratio n of that emergen cy only, tests that do not meet these princip les for applica nts impacte d by that emergen cy. Such tests must be include d in appendi ces to the Tables. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy E73. ach Seconda rySchool Qualifi cation, English languag e test, English languag e program , Foundat ion program , or Other program is accredi ted for inclusi on for a maximum period of five years. A case for Policy: English language requirements for admission policy reaccre ditatio n must be made for each program ; the case must include conside ration of postentry languag e assessm ent data and student progres sion and retenti on data. The Pro ViceChancel lor (Academ Policy: English language requirements for admission policy ic Quality ) may call an earlier review of a qualifi cation or program based on the results of the annual reporti ng of postentry languag e assessm ent data and student progres sion and retenti on data. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy W74. here a test or program states that it is only accepte d if it was comple ted before or commen ced before a specifi ed date, it is not subject to ongoing review past that date. Implementation T75. his Policy: English language requirements for admission policy version of the policy applies to applica tions for enrolme nt to commenc e study on or after 1 Decembe r 2022. Policy: English language requirements for admission policy On 9 April 2021, the ANU Council assigned authority to approve academic policy to the Academic Board. Document information Title English language admission requirements and postadmission support Document Type Policy Document Number ANUP_000408 Version 1 Purpose To establish the English language requirements for admission to the University. Audience Students, Prospective Students, Staff-Professional, Staff-Academic Category Academic Topic Students Subtopic Effective Date 28 Apr 2026 Review Date 28 Apr 2031 Responsible Officer Pro Vice-Chancellor (International & Future Students) (pvc.ifs@anu.edu.au) Approved By Academic Board (CGRO.Secretariat@anu.edu.au) Contact Area Division of Student Administration and Academic Services Authority National Code of Practice for Providers of Education and Training to Overseas Students 2018 Higher Education Standards Framework (Threshold Standards) 2021 Coursework Awards Rule 2024 Research Awards Rule 2021 Education Services for Overseas Students Act 2000 Delegations 0 Printed On 30 Sep 2026 Please ensure you have the latest version of this document from the Policy Library website before referencing this.