Skip navigation Header Search Open/Close Navigation Switch target audience: For Students For Staff Section navigation Home Contact Deutsch Search Main navigation Studies Zurück Studies Studies Menü schliessen Teaching Zurück Teaching Teaching Menü schliessen Research Zurück Research Research Menü schliessen Explore Zurück Explore Explore Menü schliessen Events Zurück Events Events Menü schliessen News Zurück News News Menü schliessen More Menü schliessen Home Studies Application and Admission Online Application and Application Procedure Show Subpages Documents to Submit Processing Status Unterseiten-Menü schliessen Online Application and Admission Applications can only be submitted online via the UZH application portal . Please note the application periods . At the Bachelor's level, only certain degree programs allow you to start your studies in the spring semester . Submitting an application requires you to pay an application fee. Please take note of the information on the application fee and any surcharge . The application fee will not be refunded or credited. Mobility students from other Swiss higher education institutions do not have to pay an application fee nor do they have to pay any semester fees at UZH. Applications not submitted by the deadline will not be processed. Before submitting your application, please check which deadline applies to your case and do not apply if the deadline has already passed. The application fee will not be refunded. Note for students already matriculated at UZH: If you would like to change your degree or study program please do so at "My Requests and Invoices" in the student portal. An application is only required if you wish to: apply for a second degree program in parallel with your first degree program (e.g. to study for a teaching diploma and a Master's degree at the same time) change to the first year of a Bachelor's program in medicine (human and dental medicine, veterinary medicine, or chiropractic medicine). How to Prepare for and Proceed with an Online Application The application process consists of seven steps: 1. Find out about admission requirements and select study programs Find out about the UZH academic programs and the admission requirements . Please choose your degree program and study programs before you start filling out the online application form. In case of many degree and study programs, it is not possible to start in the Spring Semester. Please consult the program regulations or the faculty's advisory center before applying for the Spring Semester. Main Language of instruction Also find out what the main language of instruction is for your chosen study programs. If the main language of instruction is not your primary language, you may have to provide proof of adequate knowledge of the main language of instruction . Please ensure that you submit a recognized language certificate by the deadline applicable to you . Studying Medicine You can only apply for medical studies starting in the Fall Semester. Please note the restrictions on admission and the registration deadline at swissuniversities for the Bachelor's degree program. If you're applying for the Bachelor's degree program in medicine, you can simultaneously apply online for an alternative Bachelor's degree program. In this case you must also pay the admission fee for the alternative degree program. Specialized Master's programs or PhD programs Applicants for a specialized Master's program or for a PhD program are required to pre-register with the respective institute or graduate school before applying through the UZH application portal. For information about the pre-registration and pre-registration deadlines please refer to the websites of the institutes and graduate schools. 2. Prepare information and documentation When you fill out the online application form you'll be asked to provide information on your educational background (upper secondary school, higher education institutions, etc.) and personal data, and to upload the documents necessary for your application to be assessed. You'll find lists of the documents to be uploaded on the page Documents to Submit . Certificates, proof of qualifications, etc., that you don't have at this point can be submitted later on (see Point 7). Among other things, please have the following information and documents ready (applies only in part for mobility students): Information on your educational background; diplomas and certificates Information on your place of residence at the time your upper secondary school-leaving certificate or university entry qualification was issued Your AHV number if available (compulsory for applicants with a Swiss educational background) Signed Declaration of Consent (PDF, 68 KB) Officially certified translations of all documents that are not in German, English, French, or Italian. 3. Set up and activate user account Open a user account in the application portal . You will immediately receive an e-mail from Student Services with a link to activate your account and your username. If you don't receive an e-mail, please check your spam folder. Make sure you'll be reachable at the specified e-mail address during the entire admissions process, and keep a safe record of the username you have been sent. It cannot be changed. Once you've activated your user account, you can log in and start filling out the online application form anytime. 4. Complete online application form and upload documents You can apply via the online form as soon as the application period for the desired degree program has begun. The application form is divided into several sections that you can work on independently of each other. The first step is to choose your course of study. After that you can break off filling out the form any time, and continue later, provided you do so before the application deadline. Please note that the information you have entered will never be saved automatically; you need to click "Save" at the bottom of the page (or the "Continue" button where you select the course of study). Log in again another time with your username and password. The info buttons to the right of the input fields will give you more information on filling out the form. Tips on filling out the form and uploading documents Qualification for selected academic level: Please specify whether you gained your university entry qualification at a school or higher education institution in Switzerland or abroad. Study programs: The degree programs that are displayed depend on the level or type of study and the faculty selected. The study programs, on the other hand, depend on the degree program selected and the type of program (e.g. major 90, etc.). If the study program of your choice is not shown, you may have to change the degree program or type of program. Uploading documents: Please do not use special characters in the document names (e.g. ä, ö, ü). Details of single major, major and minor study programs, doctoral programs, etc., are available here . 5. Pay application fee online and submit application Once you've entered all the information and uploaded the relevant documents, please submit your application. To do so, please click "Save and Pay" (or "Submit" when applying for Mobility within Switzerland). You will be taken to the payment page. You can no longer make any changes. Mobility students from other Swiss higher education institutions do not have to pay any application fee. You must send your application by 12 midnight of the last day of the application period at the latest. You can pay your application fee by Visa, Mastercard, PostFinance Card or TWINT . If you do not have one of these cards, you can get a prepaid card from various outlets (see FAQs ). You will be sent a confirmation by e-mail once UZH has received your application. You can check the information you have entered in the application portal (using the Preview button) and print out a summary if required. No application may be submitted after the application deadline. Please submit a new application if you wish to apply for a later semester. 6. Check payment status Please check your payment status in the application portal . After you have sent your application, wait for five or ten minutes before checking. You may need to log out and then log in again, so that your data can be updated. If the payment for the application fee did not go through, please try again. Your application will only be processed once your payment has gone through. Students applying for Mobility within Switzerland do not have to pay any application fee. 7. Hand in any rejected or missing documents at a later date If your application is incomplete or the files you have submitted do not meet the requisite quality standards, you will be sent (via application portal ) a written request to supply the relevant information or files. Please upload these documents via the application portal in your application and re-submit it by click on the "re-submit" button or - if you are requested to do so - submit the original of the document in question. If required, further documents - as copies or originals - must also be submitted after admission has been granted. Please refer to the information in the admission letter. Processing Status of your Application You can view the processing status of your application at any time in the application portal. UZH Notifications Regarding Your Application Messages and documents from UZH relating to your application and admission (with the exception of proof of matriculation and UZH Card) will be posted on the application portal for you to download. In each case you will be notified by e-mail. Once the review of your application is complete, UZH will send you a letter of admission or rejection . Please also take note of any appendix to the letter of admission regarding conditions and/or additional requirements . Withdrawal of Application / Matriculation You can withdraw your application via the application portal at any time until admission to study is granted. If you withdraw your application, your application fee will not be refunded. After matriculation, you must request withdrawal from university via contact form at the Student Administration Office. If you have already paid the semester fees for the first semester and would like to be reimbursed (less a processing fee ), please return your UZH Card and the four proof-of-matriculation vouchers by 15 March (for the spring semester) or 15 October (for the fall semester) and provide us with your bank details . The Student Administration Office will then initiate the reimbursement of the fees. Semester Fees, Login Data for Online Services, UZH Card Upon admission, your invoice for the semester fees for your first semester will be made available for download on the application portal in the "documents" area of the application you handed in. Mobility students from other Swiss higher education institutions do not have to pay any semester fees. Once payment of your semester fee has been received and booked, you will be provided with the following documents issued by UZH: UZH Card Login Data for UZH online services and your personal UZH e-mail account (up to 72 hours upon reception and booking of the fee payment, uploaded in your application portal) Proof-of-matriculation vouchers Mobility students in module- or minor-program-mobilities only receive login data for UZH online services The UZH Card and proof-of-matriculation vouchers will be sent to you separately by regular mail. Please note that you can only book modules online once you have paid your semester fees and received your login data for online services. Please check your UZH e-mail account regularly. Once you have received login data for your UZH e-mail account, the University will send e-mail messages only to your UZH e-mail account. Matriculation becomes legally valid after payment of the semester fees has been received. If you fail to pay your semester fees by the deadline, you will be withdrawn from the University by the UZH. In this case you will have to repeat the application process if you wish to apply to UZH at a later date. To the Application Portal Additional Information Application Deadlines Please note the different application deadlines. Overview of application deadlines Declaration of Consent Please fill in the declaration and upload the signed document to the UZH Application Portal. Declaration of Consent (PDF, 68 KB) Any Questions? See FAQs on application and admission Contact If you have any questions about your application or need support, please contact Student Administration Office or Admissions Office . Recommended Browsers Firefox Rapid Release from version 38 Firefox ESR from version 24 Internet Explorer from version 11 Safari from version 7 Chrome from version 38 Technical Support Section navigation Studies Application and Admission Subpages of Online Application and Application Procedure Documents to Submit Processing Status Documents to Submit Processing Status Footer Studies Academic Programs Application and Admission Semester Dates Course Catalogue Student Portal University Libraries Continuing Education University Faculties and Institutes Museums and Collections Hospitals and Clinics Cafeterias UZH Merchandise Newsletter Jobs Get in Touch Phone/E-mail Campuses/Maps Opening Hours For Media UZH for Internationals UZH Alumni UZH Foundation Follow us LinkedIn Instagram Facebook TikTok YouTube Issuu Additional links © 2023 Universität Zürich About this site Contact Accessibility Data Protection Statement Close Image Overlay Close Video Overlay [%=content%] [%=content%] [%=content%] back Overview Page [%=text%] [%=content%] Close Menu [%=text%] back [%=text%] [%=content%]