Skip navigation Header Search Open/Close Navigation Switch target audience: For Students For Staff Section navigation Home Contact Deutsch Search Main navigation Studies Zurück Studies Studies Menü schliessen Teaching Zurück Teaching Teaching Menü schliessen Research Zurück Research Research Menü schliessen Explore Zurück Explore Explore Menü schliessen Events Zurück Events Events Menü schliessen News Zurück News News Menü schliessen More Menü schliessen Home Studies Application and Admission Language Requirements Language Requirements Foreign-language applicants for a Bachelor's degree, Master's degree or teaching diploma program must prove that they have a sufficient command of the main language of instruction of the study program in which they wish to enroll. Proof of proficiency at the C1 or a higher level in accordance with the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) must be submitted for the respective main language of instruction. Foreign-language applicants are those whose first or primary language is different from the main language of instruction of the study program in which they wish to enroll. The first or primary language refers to the language a person uses with the highest level of competency and without difficulties when writing, speaking, and understanding written and spoken language. This corresponds to the C2 or a higher level in accordance with the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) . Who Is Exempt from Having to Prove Language Proficiency? Applicants who have one of the following qualifications do not need to prove their language proficiency: A federal or Swiss maturity certificate, or federally or Swiss recognized maturity certificate. A Federal professional maturity certificate in combination with proof of passing supplementary examinations. A specialized maturity certificate recognized in all of Switzerland in combination with proof of passing supplementary examinations. Attestato cantonale di maturità commerciale. A Bachelor's degree from UZH. A Bachelor's or comparable degree in the relevant language of instruction from a university or a university of applied sciences located in a region where the official language is the same as the language of instruction (does not apply to distance learning or studies at campuses in countries where the official language differs from the language of instruction). Exemption is only possible if the entire Bachelor's degree program was completed within the relevant language region and taught in the required language of instruction. Completion of the last three years at an upper secondary school in the language of instruction relevant for the studies and in a region where the official language is the same as the language of instruction. Top Study Programs with German as the Main Language of Instruction and Recognized Language Certificates Study programs with German as the main language of instruction As a rule, the main language of instruction for the Bachelor's programs, the teaching diploma and the Bachelor's and Master's programs of the Faculty of Medicine and the Vetsuisse Faculty is German. Details of the main language of instruction and the other languages used in teaching in the study programs can be found in the course catalog under program information. For the following Master's study programs you can hand in a proof for German or English: Major/Minor Comparative Linguistics Major/Minor East Asian History Minor Indian Studies Minor Japanese Studies Mono Linguistics (except concentrations Digital Linguistics, English Linguistics and Phonetics and Speech Sciences: English only) Mono Literary Studies Major/Minor Modern Asian and Middle Eastern Studies Minor Muslimic Cultures and Society Minor Sinology Major/Minor Social and Cultural Anthropology Minor Social Science Recognized Language Certificates for German The University of Zurich recognizes the following language certificates for German that correspond to level C1 or higher in accordance with the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) : Goethe-Zertifikat C1 Goethe-Zertifikat C2: Grosses Deutsches Sprachdiplom Deutsche Sprachprüfung für den Hochschulzugang ausländischer Studienbewerber an Deutschen Universitäten, DSH2 und DSH3 Deutsches Sprachdiplom der Kultusministerkonferenz (KMK), Stufe II, DSD II Zertifikat telc Deutsch C1 Hochschule TestDaF mit einem Ergebnis von durchschnittlich TDN 4 und mind. TDN 3 in allen Prüfungsteilen. ÖSD Zertifikat C1 ÖSD Zertifikat C1 - Jugendliche ÖSD Zertifikat C2 ÖSD Zertifikat C2 - Wirtschaftssprache Top Study Programs with English as the Main Language of Instruction and Recognized Language Certificates Study programs with English as the main language of instruction Details of the main language of instruction and the other languages used in teaching in the study programs can be found in the course catalog under program information. For the following Master's study programs you can hand in a proof for German or English . Major/Minor Comparative Linguistics Major/Minor East Asian Art History Minor Indian Studies Minor Japanese Studies Mono Linguistics (except concentrations Digital Linguistics, English Linguistics and Phonetics and Speech Sciences: English only) Mono Literary Studies Major/Minor Modern Asian and Middle Eastern Studies Minor Muslimic Cultures and Society Minor Sinology Major/Minor Social and Cultural Anthropology Minor Social Science Recognized Language Certificates for English The University of Zurich recognizes the following language certificates for English that correspond to level C1 or higher in accordance with the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) : IELTS Academic (not older than 2 years) Required score: 7. Minimum 6.5 in Speaking and Writing. Test results from IELTS Academic Online are not accepted. TOEFL iBT / MyBestTM Scores to TOEFL iBT (not older than 2 years) Note: Starting 21 January 2026, TOEFL iBT will use a new score scale of 1-6 (previously: 0-120). Required score: Test date before 21 January 2026: 100. Minimum 25 in Speaking and 26 in Writing. Test date from 21 January 2026 onwards: 5. Minimum 5 in Speaking and Writing. We must receive the TOEFL test results directly from ETS (institution code: 0348). Test results from the TOEFL iBT Home Edition are not accepted. C1 Advanced ( formerly Cambrige Advanced Englisch, CAE ): Grade B C2 Proficiency ( formerly Cambridge Proficiency English, CPE ) You can send Cambridge results via the Candidate Results Portal provided by Cambridge Assessment. Click on 'Send my result' and, under 'Institution/organisation name', select 'University of Zurich, Admissions Office'. Top Study Programs with French, Italian or Spanish as the Main Language of Instruction and Recognized Language Certificates For the following Master's study programs the main language of instruction is French, Italian or Spanish: Minor Comparative Romance Linguistics: French or Italian or Spanisch Major/Minor French Literature / Linguistics: French Major/Minor Ibero-Romance Literatures / Linguistics: Spanish Mono/Minor Italian Literature / Linguistics: Italian Mono Italian Studies: Italian Mono Linguistics, Concentration Romance Linguistics: French or Italian or Spanish Recognized Language Certificates for French, Italian and Spanish The University of Zurich recognizes the following language certificates that correspond to level C1 or higher in accordance with the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) : French DALF C1 Italian PLIDA C1 CELI C1 CILS C1 Spanish DELE C1 Top When Does the Language Certificate Need to Be Submitted? We recommend that you submit the language certificate with your application. Applicants who require a visa must submit a language certificate by the application deadline for persons with a visa requirement at the latest. Applications submitted without a recognized language certificate by this deadline will not be processed further. There is no entitlement to a refund of the application fee. All other prospective students can submit the language certificate after admission , but only up to one week before the start of the course at the latest. Matriculation, however, can only take place once the language certificate is available. Foreign-language applicants who wish to take up a Bachelor's degree program and who, according to the country-specific admission requirements , have to attend the Complementary Examination set by the Swiss Higher Education Institutions (ECUS), usually acquire the required language certificate as part of the ECUS examination. A waiver of the ECUS partial examination German is only possible if a recognized German language certificate is available at the time of registration for the ECUS examination (15 June). Registration for the ECUS examination can only be made via the University of Zurich. Top Additional Information Regulations on Language Requirements For details of the knowledge of the languages of instruction required at UZH, please see the regulation on language requirements under the link: Legal Framework for Application, Admission, Matriculation Footer Studies Academic Programs Application and Admission Semester Dates Course Catalogue Student Portal University Libraries Continuing Education University Faculties and Institutes Museums and Collections Hospitals and Clinics Cafeterias UZH Merchandise Newsletter Jobs Get in Touch Phone/E-mail Campuses/Maps Opening Hours For Media UZH for Internationals UZH Alumni UZH Foundation Follow us LinkedIn Instagram Facebook TikTok YouTube Issuu Additional links © 2023 Universität Zürich About this site Contact Accessibility Data Protection Statement Close Image Overlay Close Video Overlay [%=content%] [%=content%] [%=content%] back Overview Page [%=text%] [%=content%] Close Menu [%=text%] back [%=text%] [%=content%]