Skip navigation Header Search Open/Close Navigation Student Financial Aid Office Section navigation Home Contact Deutsch Search Main navigation Information Zurück Information Information Menü schliessen Our Offer Zurück Our Offer Our Offer Menü schliessen Financial Support Zurück Financial Support Financial Support Menü schliessen Application Zurück Application Application Menü schliessen FAQ Zurück FAQ FAQ Menü schliessen More Menü schliessen Home Application Application Preparation You should start organizing the documents needed for your scholarship or loan application at least one month before the deadline. This makes the process easier both for you and for us. You should enter the deadlines in your calendar. Overview of deadlines Application type Submission deadlines fall semester Submission deadlines spring semester Scholarships 15 August 1 February Loans 15 August 1 November 1 February 1 April Note: Scholarships and loans can be submitted no earlier than two months before the respective submission deadline. Eligibility information is provided below. Hardship loan at any time (resubmission possible every 6 months) «Pecunia» one-time loan at any time Single Application Portal for All Types of Support The entire application process is handled via an online portal. In the portal, you can upload documents and track the current status of your application . If an application is submitted successfully, you will receive a confirmation by email . Important: Your application and documents will only be visible in the portal after we have reviewed both, even if the upload was technically successful. Approvals or rejections will also be communicated directly via the portal. Further details - including information on data protection - can be found in the FAQs. Close Am I eligible? (download) eligibility scholarships and loans (PDF, 667 KB) We only support first degree programmes at every level of study. (And we do not support PhD study programmes.) If you are not eligible for our funding programmes, we encourage you to explore private foundations or NGOs that may offer financial support. Please note that we are unable to recommend specific organizations and cannot provide further information on available funding opportunities, including in response to individual enquiries by email. Please consult our FAQs for more information. To access the application form, you need your UZH email address . If you have not received it two weeks before the application deadline, please contact us. Students with a visual impairment are welcome to contact us. We will assist you in completing the online form. You can find the contact details of the Student Financial Aid Office on the page "Our Services", for example. Login scholarship portal (form available in German) Note: Please clear your browser cache before starting! Submit your application and upload attachments By clicking on the image , you will be redirected to the web portal, where you can submit your application and upload the required documents. Important information for submitting an application You should start organizing the key documents for your scholarship application at least one month before the submission deadline. These mainly include: the most recent tax return from you and your parents the latest available final tax assessment from you and your parents if you do not file a tax return in Switzerland: account statements for all your bank accounts from the past 6 months The submission deadlines for scholarships and loans are binding . It's best to enter it into your calendar. Scholarships eligiibility scholarships and loans Scholarships Scholarships generally do not need to be repaid. Repayment is only required in exceptional cases, such as in the event of false information or unreported changes in financial circumstances. Those who provide honest and accurate information do not need to worry about repayments. Typical example: Your available financial resources are not sufficient to complete your studies. Availability of the scholarship application form in the portal For the autumn semester: June 15 to August 15 (submission deadline) For the spring semester: December 1 to February 1 (submission deadline) Hardship loans Hardship Loan A hardship loan is interest-free and intended for temporary financial emergencies. Typical examples: Advance on scholarships, tuition fees. Application deadline You can submit your application at any time via portal . Repeat applications are only possible every 6 months. Processing takes approximately 6-8 working days. The maximum amount per application is CHF 6,000. Repayment must be plausibly ensured . Loan eligiibility scholarships and loans So called "Regular loans" are interest-free during your studies and must be repaid after graduation .Regular loans are granted on a semester basis. Typical examples: increased personal budget or ineligibility for scholarships. More information: Foundation for Student Loans at UZH Application deadlines for the fall semester: 15 August and 1 November for the spring semester: 1 February and 1 April «Pecunia» one-time loan eligiibility scholarships and loans (including Pecunia) Pecunia loans can be applied for only once during the entire course of study at UZH and is interest-free while studying. It Typical examples: semester abroad, broken laptop, rental deposit. Application deadline Applications can be submitted at any time via portal . The only required document is an extract from the debt collection register (not older than 3 months). No parental documents are needed. Processing takes approximately 6-8 working days. The minimum amount is CHF 1,000 and the maximum CHF 4,000. Further information Pecunia UZH Foundation for Student Loans at UZH Questions about the forms of support or how to submit an application? Detailed information on the individual forms of financial support . Do you have questions about the decision, submitting an application, submitting enclosures, data protection? You may also find our FAQ - UZH scholarships, loans & applications helpful. Additional Information Contact Postal address University of Zurich Student Financial Aid Office Postfach Rämistrasse 71 CH-8006 Zurich Monday and Thursday 14.00 - 15.00h Phone: +41 (0)44 634 22 04 studienfinanzierung@sib.uzh.ch Technical issue when entering the application? How to proceed - Delete histories/caches, - change the browser, - open «New private window» in the browser and complete the application again via the web form. If the technical problem persists: - Take screenshots of the problem / error - Send a description of the problem + screenshots by e-mail to the Student Financial Aid Office. studienfinanzierung@sib.uzh.ch Recommendation letter from instructors - form Please do not send us recommendation letters unless explicitly requested . If requested, you can have the signed letters sent directly from the instructor by email or post. Recommendation letter from instructors - form (in German) (DOCX, 47 KB) Additional links © 2023 Universität Zürich About this site Contact Data Protection Statement Close Image Overlay Close Video Overlay [%=content%] [%=content%] [%=content%] back Overview Page [%=text%] [%=content%] Close Menu [%=text%] back [%=text%] [%=content%]