Skip navigation Header Search Open/Close Navigation Student Financial Aid Office Section navigation Home Contact Deutsch Search Main navigation Information Zurück Information Information Menü schliessen Our Offer Zurück Our Offer Our Offer Menü schliessen Financial Support Zurück Financial Support Financial Support Menü schliessen Application Zurück Application Application Menü schliessen FAQ Zurück FAQ FAQ Menü schliessen More Menü schliessen Home FAQ FAQ - UZH-Scholars, Loans and Applications FAQ - UZH-Scholars, Loans and Applications General If you submit an application to us for a scholarship, we have to check if you are objectively in need of financial support. For this reason, we need documentation about your financial situation and that of your parents. Your academic performance is also relevant. Even if you are unsure about your chances of receiving support, you should submit an application. You have nothing to lose. Please note that we only support students completing their initial education at every level of study . Please also ensure that your application documents are complete . If any documents are missing when you submit your application, be sure to submit them afterwards. You can decrease the processing time for your application by being as meticulous as possible . Basic information about UZH scholarships and loans Am I eligible? eligibility scholarship and loans (PDF, 667 KB) Should I apply for a loan or a scholarship? We prefer to support students by providing them with scholarships. If you have an increased budget or your parents earn too much, you can submit an application for a loan. How much money can I expect to receive? This depends on your income and other factors. We assume that a single person without children needs around CHF 12,000 per semester. If you have less than this at your disposal, we can help you bridge the gap with a loan. Can I expect to receive long-term student financing if I have already received one scholarship from you? If there are no significant changes to your financial situation or your academic performance, then yes. We will do our best to help you finance your studies over the long term. However, there is no legal entitlement to this financial support. A decision in your favor does not constitute a precedent for future decisions. Will my scholarship amount be reduced if I work part time while studying? No. This is only the case if you earn more than CHF 6,000 per year. Due to my situation, I will probably not be able to receive any government scholarships. Therefore I would like to apply for a scholarship at a foundation. Can you recommend any organizations? We cannot recommend any specific foundations, and we advise you not to use any algorithm-based or for-pay web portals for scholarships. You should look for foundations whose mission aligns with your specific situation, for example training, continuing education, etc. You should also check for options in your local area/municipality, including at churches. You can find an overview of foundations on the following websites Register of foundations UZH (in German) Federal Register of foundations Switzerland (in German) Can I select which foundation I would like to receive support from? To increase your chances, we apply for scholarships on your behalf at various foundations. We will choose which foundation(s) to submit your application to based on their mission. These decisions are made solely by the Student Financial Aid Office. I'm not sure what loan to apply for: the Pecunia loan or a regular loan? If you have a temporary one-time need for money and your student financing is otherwise well under control, a one-time Pecunia loan of CHF 4,000 is right for you. If you have longer-term financing gaps, including larger financing needs, you can apply for a regular loan. Please note that you need to be a Swiss citizen or in possession of a C permit in order to receive either type of loan. This is a requirement of the foundation that issues the loans. I have children. Does this affect the amount of my scholarship? We will review your application and take your family situation into consideration. What happens if I'm sick for a longer time and cannot study? You should get in touch with us during our telephone consultation hours as soon as possible. We will help you find a solution. Contact I am attending a language course at the UZH/ETH Language Center. Can I get a discount? Scholarship holders can apply for a waiver of the UZH/ETH Language Center's course fees with a letter of acceptance from our office. You must send the letter of acceptance to the e-mail address indicated on the Language Center invoice. If you have already received our letter of acceptance when registering for the language course, you can mention this in the comments field when registering and send the certificate to the student body e-mail address from which you received the course confirmation . Course costs will be waived or refunded only if a course is actually attended. If a student withdraws from a course after the enrollment deadline, the course fee must be paid in accordance with our General Terms and Conditions. If you have any questions, please contact Language Center UZH and ETH Requirements How long do my parents have to support me? If you have completed an apprenticeship, hold a Bachelor's degree from a vocational college or have a completed Master 's degree, you are considered to have completed your initial education. Neither a general qualification for university entrance nor a Bachelor's degree from a university count as having completed your initial education. If you have a general qualification for university entrance and then enroll at a university (without having done an apprenticeship), your initial education is completed once you have a Master's degree. Please note : According to Art. 276 - 277 SCC , your parents are legally obligated to support you while you complete your initial education . Am I legally entitled to receive a scholarship from UZH? Our office works together with private foundations. These foundations are obligated to act in accordance with their mission. It's their decision whether to grant scholarships or not. I'm mobility student. Can I apply for student financing? Outgoing mobility student If you are enrolled at UZH and have been receiving financial support from the canton and/or the university, you can continue receiving support while studying abroad. You can also apply for a UZH Mobility Scholarship. The Global Student Experience is responsible for granting these scholarships. Incoming mobility student We do not provide any support to incoming mobility students. However, since you will still be enrolled at your home university, you do not have to pay any tuition or fees to UZH. Please inquire about financial support at your home university. The Global Student Experience website contains more detailed information. Global Student Experience UZH . I don't meet the requirements for receiving cantonal student financing. Can I still submit an application to the Student Financial Aid Office? In certain circumstances, yes. We recommend contacting us by phone beforehand for a nonbinding clarification of your situation. I have just submitted my scholarship application to the canton but have not yet received the decision. Can I still submit an application to the Student Financial Aid Office? Yes. The Student Financial Aid Office provides supplementary support. The decision of the cantonal scholarship office can be included in the scholarship calculation later on. I have inherited/earned some money. Can I still receive scholarships? Your personal asset situation will be considered when determining the amount of your scholarship. If the amounts are too high, your scholarship may be reduced or denied altogether. We grant an exemption of CHF 5,000 per person. Anything over this will be considered in the calculation. How much can my parents earn before I am no longer eligible to receive a scholarship? The income limit is CHF 86,000 of taxable income and CHF 300,000 in net worth (federal tax assessment). The income limit increases by CHF 6,000 for each additional child who is completing their initial education. My parents own real estate. Can I still receive scholarships? If their house still has a mortgage on it, you may still be entitled to receive a scholarship. Application Process Where can I apply for UZH scholarships? You can access the portal here: Application Portal I am new to UZH and don't yet have a UZH email address. How can I still submit my application on time? If you have not received your UZH email address two weeks before the deadline , please contact us via email or during our phone consultation hours: Contact Are applications processed in order of submission? Partially. The earlier your application is submitted in full , the sooner it will be processed. How can I check the processing status? You can log in to the portal at any time and view the current status of your application under "Submitted Applications." How long does it take to receive a decision? If your application is complete , you will receive a decision about 8-10 weeks after the deadline . How will I receive the decision? You will find your approval or rejection (you may receive multiple approvals) in the portal under "Documents" for download. As soon as a new document is available, you will receive a notification to your UZH email address . How can I submit additional documents? In the portal, under "Submitted Applications", you will find the function "Submit Document." There you can also see which documents are still missing. Please note: You can upload only one document per upload process. The upload is successful when a green bar appears at the bottom of the screen. The submitted documents will be reviewed first. Only after review will they become visible in the portal - this may take some time. The documents must be formatted as PDF. When and how are the scholarships paid out? Scholarships are paid for the entire semester. You may receive several payments, depending on which foundation(s) you are assigned to. The amount will be credited to your account about one week after the approval decision . Can I send the application and supporting documents by email? Unfortunately not. Please use the web portal only. Students with visual impairments are asked to contact us via email or during our phone consultation hours: Contact Data protection How is my data protected? The Office for Student Financial Aid handles your data confidentially, proportionately, and in accordance with the data protection regulations of the University of Zurich and the Canton of Zurich. More information can be found at: Information sheet on data protection principles (in German) Data protection basics Canton of Zurich (in German) We work with a few carefully selected foundations with whom we have long-standing relationships of trust. Information about students is passed on anonymously whenever possible. We are happy to answer any questions regarding our cooperation with foundations. Applications: Procedure for technical problems If you have technical problems or difficulties filling in applications via the web form, please proceed as follows: Delete histories/caches, change the browser, open «New private window» in the browser and complete the request again via the web form. If the technical problem persists: Take screenshots of the problem / error Send a description of the problem + screenshots by e-mail to the Student Financial Aid Office. Additional Information Do you still have questions? More about Do you still have questions? If you have acquainted yourself with the ins and outs of student financing and have read our FAQs thoroughly, please don't hesitate to get in touch with us. Contact Spontaneously and without registration Every first Wednesday of the month : Do you have questions about student financing, scholarships, budgeting, etc.? We are happy to provide information. Dates fall semester 2025: September 3, 2025 October 1, 2025 November 5, 2025 December 3, 2025 Where: Schönberggasse 15, 8001 Zürich SOB , Openstreetmap UZH-SOB Additional links © 2023 Universität Zürich About this site Contact Data Protection Statement Close Image Overlay Close Video Overlay [%=content%] [%=content%] [%=content%] back Overview Page [%=text%] [%=content%] Close Menu [%=text%] back [%=text%] [%=content%]