Skip navigation Header Search Open/Close Navigation Switch target audience: For Students For Staff Section navigation Home Contact Deutsch Search Main navigation Studies Zurück Studies Studies Menü schliessen Teaching Zurück Teaching Teaching Menü schliessen Research Zurück Research Research Menü schliessen Explore Zurück Explore Explore Menü schliessen Events Zurück Events Events Menü schliessen News Zurück News News Menü schliessen More Menü schliessen Home Studies Application and Admission International Students - Entry and Residence Show Subpages Guidelines for Students with Visa Requirements After Entering Switzerland Unterseiten-Menü schliessen International Students - Entry and Residence Information regarding entry into Switzerland and residence in the Canton of Zurich for students without Swiss nationality or a residence permit in Switzerland, who wish to study for a Bachelor's, Master's or doctoral degree. Students who are coming to UZH on an exchange program are asked to contact Global Student Experience . Do I Need a Visa? 1. EU / EFTA Students who are citizens of an EU or EFTA country do not require a visa to enter Switzerland. A passport or identity card (ID) is sufficient. EU Countries EFTA Countries Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Cepublic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Iceland Norway Principality of Liechtenstein Switzerland Top 2. Australia, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, United Kingdom Students who are citizens of Australia, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore or the United Kingdom do not require a visa to enter Switzerland. However, they are required to apply for a document that assures a residence permit ("Zusicherung zur Aufenthaltsbewilligung") before their arrival. The documents to be submitted are the same as those required for a visa (see Guidelines for Students with Visa Requirements ). Instead of the visa form, the first page of the application for an entry permit is required. All documents can be sent directly to the Migration Office via their contact form (2-3 months before the arrival). After their arrival, students are required to register at the local residents' registration office ("Personenmeldeamt") in their place of residence in Switzerland. Further information on registration can be found here: After Entering Switzerland Top 3. Non-EU/EFTA Countries Students from a non EU/EFTA country must have a national "D" visa to enter Switzerland, which can be applied for at the relevant Swiss embassy or consulate general. Please submit your visa application with all necessary documents at least three months before you plan to enter Switzerland. Further information and a list of the documents to be submitted can be found in our Guidelines for Students with Visa Requirements . Students with a valid residence permit for a Schengen country or a valid D visa, in addition to a recognized, valid travel document, are no longer required to apply for a visa. They may travel to Switzerland without a visa, but they are required to apply for a document that assures a residence permit ("Zusicherung zur Aufenthaltsbewilligung") before their arrival . The documents to be submitted are the same as those required for a visa (see Guidelines for Students with Visa Requirements ). Instead of the visa form, the first page of the application for an entry permit is required as well as a copy of a valid residence permit for a Schengen country or a valid D visa. All documents can be sent directly to the Migration Office via their contact form (2-3 months before the arrival). After their arrival, students are required to register at the local residents' registration office ("Personenmeldeamt") in their place of residence in Switzerland. Further information on registration can be found here: After Entering Switzerland Top 4. Information for Doctoral Candidates who are Citizens of a Non-EU/EFTA Country Doctoral candidates who are employed at UZH usually do not have to submit their visa application themselves. Their institute/department at UZH will file for both the visa and the work permit. Please ask your institute at UZH regarding the corresponding procedure. Doctoral candidates not employed at UZH must apply for a visa themselves. Please note that you will have to submit the same documents as students in Master's or Bachelor's degree programs (see Guidelines for Students with Visa Requirements ). However, additionally, PhD candidates must also submit their decision on admission to studies at UZH when applying for a visa. Please note that the university's admission procedure can last up to three months. Top After entering Switzerland, all students must register at their place of residence within 14 days. Further information can be found under After Entering Switzerland . § Please note: The information given on this website is for information purposes only and holds no guarantee for complete accuracy. The regulations on which this information is based may have changed since these guidelines were last reviewed. For legally binding information, please consult the website of the Federal Office for Migration or contact the Swiss embassy in your country of origin. Additional Information Links Swiss Representations Abroad Federal Office for Migration, Overview of Passport and Visa Requirements According to Nationality Migration Office of the Canton of Zurich (in German) Registration Offices of the City of Zurich (in German) Contact for assistance regarding entry and residence permit as well as other non-academic questions Contact for Master's students: incoming@int.uzh.ch Contact for PhD students: Please reach out to the person responsible for HR-related issues at your institute/department. Study Application Deadlines Please check the application deadlines at UZH: Application Deadlines UZH Age Limit Student Visa For Bachelor and Master's students over 30 years old the Migration Office can issue student visas only in well-founded exceptional cases. For further information please contact Global Student Experience: incoming@int.uzh.ch Working during your Studies You can find out more about the regulations regarding working during your studies here or from the Office of Economy and Labour of the canton Zurich. Section navigation Studies Application and Admission Subpages of International Students - Entry and Residence Guidelines for Students with Visa Requirements After Entering Switzerland Guidelines for Students with Visa Requirements After Entering Switzerland Footer Studies Academic Programs Application and Admission Semester Dates Course Catalogue Student Portal University Libraries Continuing Education University Faculties and Institutes Museums and Collections Hospitals and Clinics Cafeterias UZH Merchandise Newsletter Jobs Get in Touch Phone/E-mail Campuses/Maps Opening Hours For Media UZH for Internationals UZH Alumni UZH Foundation Follow us LinkedIn Instagram Facebook TikTok YouTube Issuu Additional links © 2023 Universität Zürich About this site Contact Accessibility Data Protection Statement Close Image Overlay Close Video Overlay [%=content%] [%=content%] [%=content%] back Overview Page [%=text%] [%=content%] Close Menu [%=text%] back [%=text%] [%=content%]