Skip to content × Still have questions? Search studies, locations, and people Search for: Search Button Popular: Admissions Graduate Programs Event Calendar Recent Searches: En KK Ru Admissions Why NU? All Programs (A-Z) How to Apply Foundation & Undergraduate→ Master's→ Doctoral Programs→ Residency Fees and Financial Support International Admission → Useful Information and Contacts→ Announcements Testimonials Academics Quality Framework Schools Academic Programs Academic Services Research Areas → Communities → Capabilities → Research Administration Research Publications & News → Institutional Repository Conferences The Office of Research Compliance and Integrity About History of the University University Achievements → Governance & Strategy Strategy & Reports Governance Administration → Сooperation → Jobs at NU Affiliations Contacts Information for Students Orientation Student Support and Rights Student Organizations & Clubs→ Disability & Learning Needs Health and Wellbeing→ Academic Mobility & Career→ Important Documents Media News Events For Media→ Visitors Campus Life Sports Facilities Campus Facilities Eateries Student Housing Partners → Alumni En KK Ru News Why NU? Ranking & Accreditation General Information Research Administration Сampus Life All programs (A-Z) How to apply Foundation & Undergraduate Home > Admissions > How to apply > Foundation & Undergraduate > Financial aid & Scholarships Foundation & Undergraduate Regular Admissions Financial Aid & Scholarships How to Apply? Admission Requirements Important Dates FAQ Financial aid & Scholarships Step 1. Create your Personal account Go to the admissions.nu.edu.kz portal and press the "Sign Up" button and fill out the required information in English. Please select the undergraduate program when choosing the academic level. After completing the application, confirm it by clicking on the link sent to your email inbox. Be sure to read the instructions about the application procedure given in your personal account. Applicants eligible to participate in the competition belong to the following categories: Individuals who are students in the final year of secondary education institutions or in the final year of technical, vocational, or post-secondary education programs; Individuals currently enrolled in higher education institutions; Individuals who have completed secondary, post-secondary, or higher education. Step 2. Fill out the application form Open the Foundation and Undergraduate Programs link on the "My Application Forms" page and fill out the Foundation and Undergraduate Application Form that includes a consent form for personal data processing. Make sure you have entered all the required information in the correct manner and press the "Upload" button. Step 3. Submit the required documents After filling out the application form, you are required to upload to your personal account: a scanned copy of proof of your studies at a final grade/course with a photo (according to the template in one of the languages, the handwritten text will not be accepted) or a scanned version of a certificate/diploma with transcripts if you have already completed a relevant level of study. a scanned copy of national ID card and/or passport. The copies from eGov or any other platforms/electronic services are not accepted. Important: to take the entry exam, an applicant must have an original of a passport or a national identity card that was uploaded to your personal account; Upload a 3×4 photo for documents to the "Profile" section in your personal account. The format of requested documents is available in a personal account. Step 4. Pay the application fee and submit the application Go to the admissions.nu.edu.kz portal and press the "Sign Up" button and fill out the required information in English. Please select the undergraduate program when choosing the academic level. After completing the application, confirm it by clicking on the link sent to your email inbox. Be sure to read the instructions about the application procedure given in your personal account. Applicants eligible to participate in the competition belong to the following categories: Individuals who are students in the final year of secondary education institutions or in the final year of technical, vocational, or post-secondary education programs; Individuals currently enrolled in higher education institutions; Individuals who have completed secondary, post-secondary, or higher education. Step 5. Submit IELTS/ TOEFL certificate (only after paying the application fee and submitting the application) In order to provide IELTS/TOEFL certificates, applicants should fulfill the following requirements: Send an official electronic report of a valid IELTS/TOEFL certificate via the test administrator directly to NU; Upload a scanned copy and insert the TRF number into the "Upload IELTS/TOEFL results" section of your personal account. Applicants can submit any number of certificates for the competition, but the last certificate uploaded to their personal account will be considered. IELTS/TOEFL certificates are considered without superscoring. Take care when entering information regarding codes for test certificate submission via the test administrator or the test center. See below: Code for IELTS: NU, Admissions Office Code for TOEFL iBT: 6762 Detailed instructions about providing IELTS/TOEFL certificates are available in applicants' personal accounts. Minimum requirements for language test results are available in the "Entry examinations and requirements" section; Tests taken remotely, such as IELTS Online, TOEFL iBT Home Edition, and TOEFL PDT, are not considered in the competition; All provided certificates must be valid by August 1, 2026 - the beginning of the respective academic year. The deadline for submission of IELTS/TOEFL certificates is available in the "Important dates" section. Please note that submitting IELTS/TOEFL certificates to NU's electronic database is not the responsibility of the university. You should contact the test center independently and ensure your certificate has been sent. Please allow at least 7-10 working days for this process. If the certificate is received after the deadline specified by the Admissions Department, results will not be considered in the competition. Further steps The NUET fee is 5,000 KZT. Payment instructions will be sent to your email. Please check your email 1 week before the NUET exam - the information about the upcoming exam date, time and venue along with exam rules will be sent there. Please keep in mind that sometimes letters from the university may go to the spam folder. Instructional video with a sample application form for the Undergraduate and Foundation programs All programs (a-z) Find your program At NU, you can follow your dreams, develop your skills, and realize your ambitions through our world-class, high-quality academic programs. find your program Apply now Admission Requirements Foundation Undergraduate The following requirements apply for enrollment in NU's Foundation program NUFYP (Nazarbayev University Foundation Year Program) - a one-year intensive preparatory program for admission to the University's Undergraduate Program Please note that regular admissions is classified as a full tuition-based category, implying fee-paying study Categories IELTS/TOEFL Entry requirements Note NUET applicants IELTS - 5.5; writing & reading - 5.5, listening & speaking - 5.0 or the equivalent TOEFL score as posted on the ETS website; 120 out of 240 (50 per subject: Mathematics / Critical Thinking and Problem Solving subjects) NUET (NU Entrance Test) - test that evaluates academic training for studying at the University. NUET is held in two subject sections - Mathematics and Critical Thinking & Problem Solving. Total number of questions - 60. Test content - multiple-choice questions. Test duration - 120 minutes. Minimum passing score to be eligible for a state grant - 120 in total for two subjects, while the minimum passing score for each of the subjects is 50. For example, 50 + 70 = 120 - is a minimum passing score in total. If applying to both Foundation and Undergraduate programs according to the "NUET applicants" category, an applicant takes NUET just once. Therefore, it is important to indicate in the application form the same city for passing the test. Both the Foundation and Undergraduate programs' Admission Committees will only consider the results of the one exam. Test results are available in approximately six weeks in a Personal account . Information about access to the entry examination is placed in the applicant's Personal account . Applicants are informed about the examination date and venue, information on format, as well as required documents and test regulations during the examination via email approximately five days prior to the exams. Examination schedule is published in the "Important dates" section. If an applicant violates the test rules or conditions, the applicant's is disqualified and their results are canceled. In this case, the applicant is excluded from the competition. Disqualified applicants will not be able to enroll to NU in the future. There is no appeal procedure. NUET Fee - 5,000 KZT. SAT/ACT applicants Digital SAT Reasoning Test - 1140 OR ACT - 24 composite score ONLY FOR INTERNATIONAL APPLICANTS *SAT/ACT certificates are considered without superscoring. **Only Digital SAT test is considered in the competition. The following requirements are required to enroll in NU's undergraduate programs The undergraduate program is a four-year higher education program leading to an academic bachelor's degree. Categories IELTS/TOEFL Entry requirements Note NUET applicants IELTS - 6.0; writing -6.0; reading & listening & speaking - 5.5 or the equivalent TOEFL score as posted on the ETS website; 120 total score and 50,50 passing scores per subject (Mathematics, Critical Thinking and Problem Solving) for participation in the competition. Applicants with a minimum passing score can be considered for NUFYP program NUET (NU Entrance Test) - test that evaluates academic training for studying at the University. NUET is held in two subject sections - Mathematics and Critical Thinking & Problem Solving. Total number of questions - 60. Test content - multiple-choice questions. Test duration - 120 minutes. Minimum passing score to be eligible for a state grant - 120 in total for two subjects, while the minimum passing score for each of the subjects is 50. For example, 50 + 70 = 120 - is a minimum passing score in total. If applying to both Foundation and Undergraduate programs according to the "NUET applicants" category, an applicant takes NUET just once. Therefore, it is important to indicate in the application form the same city for passing the test. Both the Foundation and Undergraduate programs' Admission Committees will only consider the results of the one exam. Test results are available in approximately six weeks in a Personal account . Information about access to the entry examination is placed in the applicant's Personal account . Applicants are informed about the examination date and venue, information on format, as well as required documents and test regulations during the examination via email approximately five days prior to the exams. Examination schedule is published in the "Important dates" section. If an applicant violates the test rules or conditions, the applicant's is disqualified and their results are canceled. In this case, the applicant is excluded from the competition. Disqualified applicants will not be able to enroll to NU in the future. There is no appeal procedure. NUET Fee - 5,000 KZT. SAT/ACT applicants Digital SAT Reasoning Test - 1240 OR ACT - 26 composite score SAT/ACT test results are valid if their results do not expire by the 1st of August of the relevant academic year to which Applicants are applying. Within this admission competition, the SAT and ACT certificates expiration period is two years. The last accepted SAT/ACT test date is December 2025. SAT/ACT certificates are considered without superscoring. Only Digital SAT test is considered in the competition. IB Diploma holders* 30 total score and 4, 4, 5 for 3 subjects of HL Only IB Diploma holders who have the final results of IB Diploma by the deadline of application period can participate in the competition under this category (Within this admission competition, IB diploma expiration period is two years). Diplomas of 2024 and 2025 years are considered in the competition. IB Diploma holders also may choose to participate in the competition by the one of the following categories: "SAT/ACT applicants" or "NUET applicants" or "Winners of International or/and Republican Subject Olympiads (see the minimum requirements for these categories on the website) A-level/NIS Grade 12 Certificate holders* A-level/NIS 12 Grade Certificate results not less than ABB for any subjects Only A-level/NIS Grade 12 Certificate holders who have the final results of A-level/NIS Grade 12 Certificate by the deadline of application period can participate in the competition under this category (Within this admission competition, A-level and NIS grade 12 Certificate expiration period is two years). Certificates of 2024 and 2025 are considered in the competition. A-level/NIS Grade 12 Certificate holders also may choose to participate in the competition by the one of the following categories: "SAT/ACT applicants" or "NUET applicants" or "Winners of International or/and Republican Subject Olympiads" (see the minimum requirements for these categories on the website). Winners of International or/and Republican Subject Olympiads Required, no minimum score Interview: Required List of International Subject Olympiads: International Mathematics Olympiad - IMO International Physics Olympiad - IPHO International Chemistry Olympiad -IChO International Biology Olympiad IBO International Olympiad in Informatics - IOI International Zhautykov Olympiad in Mathematics, Physics and Informatics International Mendeleyev Chemistry Olympiad List of Republican Subject Olympiads of the Republic of Kazakhstan Republican Mathematics Olympiad Republican Physics Olympiad Republican Chemistry Olympiad Republican Biology Olympiad Republican Informatics Olympiad *Applicants can apply with both Republican and International Olympiads Republic Olympiad: Gold and silver medals (I, II place) for the current academic year International Olympiad: Gold, silver and bronze medals (I, II, III place) for the last three years For detailed information: All provided certificates must be valid by August 1, 2026, the beginning of the respective academic year; The deadline for submission of IELTS/TOEFL certificates is available in the "Important dates" section; IELTS Online, TOEFL iBT Home Edition, and TOEFL PDT results are not considered in the competition; IELTS/TOEFL tests must be taken in person at the test center (not remotely). IELTS/TOEFL certificates are considered without superscoring. Only applicants who provide IELTS/TOEFL results that meet the minimum requirements and are submitted within the specified deadline can be allowed to take the NUET exam (see below). Applicants who provide IELTS/TOEFL results that meet the minimum requirements within the prescribed period and are allowed to take the NUET exam can later provide additional IELTS/TOEFL results to improve their language test scores. The deadline will be published in the "Important Dates" section. In case of applying for both Foundation program and Undergraduate programs according to the "NUET applicants" category, an applicant is invited to the test once and takes it 1 time. Therefore, it is important to indicate in the application form the same city for passing the test. Foundation and Undergraduate programs' Admission Committees will consider the results of one exam. Applicants are informed about examination date and venue, information on format, as well as required documents and Rules of conduct during the examination via email approximately 5 days prior to the exams. If a violation of rules or conditions of passing the test occurs, the applicant's results are canceled . In this case, the applicant is excluded from the competition. Disqualified applicants will not be able to enroll to NU in the future. SAT/ACT test results are valid if their results do not expire by the 1st of August of the relevant academic year to which Applicants are applying. Within this admission competition, the SAT and ACT certificates expiration period is two years. The last accepted SAT/ACT test date is December 2025. To submit SAT/ACT results, both of the following steps are mandatory: -Electronic scores must be received by Nazarbayev University through the test administrator by the deadline; -The PDF score report must be uploaded to the applicant's personal account by the deadline. Take care when entering information regarding codes for test results submission via the test administrator. See below: SAT - 7915 ACT - 5521 **Subject to change for the 2026 intake. Important Dates NUFYP and undergraduate programs Application deadline NUET Applicants (NUFYP and Undergraduate programs, including international): September 27-November 20, 2025 (2 p.m. Astana time) International Applicants (Undergraduate programs only and International SAT/ACT applicants for NUFYP): September 27- February 10, 2026 (2 p.m. Astana time) Other Categories ((Undergraduate programs only) (SAT/ACT applicants, IB Diploma holders, A-level/NIS Grade 12 Certificate holders, Winners of international/republican Olympiads)): September 27- January 28, 2026 (2 p.m. Astana time) Provision of IELTS/TOEFL results NUET Applicants (NUFYP and Undergraduate programs, including international): IELTS/TOEFL: December 12, 2025 (3 p.m. Astana time) International Applicants (Undergraduate programs only and International SAT/ACT applicants for NUFYP): IELTS/TOEFL: February 12, 2026 (11:59 p.m. Astana time) SAT/ACT: February 12, 2026 (11:59 p.m. Astana time) Other Categories ((Undergraduate programs only) (SAT/ACT applicants, IB Diploma holders, A-level/NIS Grade 12 Certificate holders, Winners of international/republican Olympiads)): IELTS/TOEFL: February 12, 2026 (11:59 p.m. Astana time) SAT/ACT: February 12, 2026 (11:59 p.m. Astana time) Latest SAT: December 6, 2025 Latest ACT: December 13, 2025 Dates of NUET 2026 February 1, 2026 : Astana, Kostanay, Aktau, Kokshetau, Oskemen; February 8, 2026: Astana, Shymkent, Kyzylorda, Turkestan; February 15, 2026: Almaty, Taldykorgan, Atyrau, Petropavl, Oral; February 22, 2026: Karagandy, Pavlodar, Taraz, Semey, Aktobe; Razida Kenes School of Mining and Geosciences • BSc Petroleum Engineering, 2023 Nazarbayev University (NU) stood out to me as the top university in Kazakhstan, but it wasn't until I visited the campus as a high school student that I knew this was where I wanted to be. All testimonials Sabira Baidildina Center for Preparatory Studies • Nazarbayev University Foundation Year Program (NUFYP) Hi everyone, I'm Sabira. I'm a graduate of the NU Foundation Year Program (NUFYP), and now I'm studying computer science. All testimonials Announcements see more 31/03/2026 Extension of Application Deadline for Doctoral Programs at Nazarbayev University 13/03/2026 Nazarbayev University has launched a new Doctoral program - Doctor of Business Administration! 12/03/2026 Nazarbayev University announces the opening of the application period for the "Transfer students" category of the Undergraduate program 03/03/2026 Extension of Application Deadlines for International Doctoral Applicants at Nazarbayev University 03/03/2026 The second round for submitting online applications to the Master's Programs for international applicants is now open! 28/01/2026 The extension of the deadline for submitting online applications to the Undergraduate and Foundation Programs for international applicants! 28/11/2025 Applications for NU PhD Programs (2026-2027 academic year) are Now Open! 07/11/2025 NU announces the opening of online application for the 2025-2026 academic year for the Undergraduate Programs on a fee-paying basis (Mid-Year Intake). 07/11/2025 Information for NUET Applicants category 07/11/2025 Online application for the NU Master's Programs and Doctor of Medicine program for the 2026-2027 academic year is open! Cost of living The average monthly cost of attendance at Nazarbayev University is approximately USD 400, depending on the student's lifestyle and personal spending habits. This estimate covers essential living expenses while studying on campus. Accommodation is guaranteed for international students. Estimated monthly expenses (USD): On-campus dining: ~USD 300 Dormitory accommodation: ~USD 55 Transportation: ~USD 15 Laundry services: ~USD 8 Sports center membership: ~USD 10 Additional medical insurance: ~USD 5 These costs reflect a comfortable student lifestyle with access to campus infrastructure, dining facilities, healthcare services, and sports amenities. Actual expenses may vary depending on individual preferences. Useful information Academic calendars Course Descriptions Faculty profiles International admission Statistics Self-study NUET Applicants Support Center University Rankings Nazarbayev University in global rankings Degree Recognition Recognition of NU degrees worldwide NU Brochure FAQ What does NUFYP mean? NUFYP (Nazarbayev University Foundation Year Program) is a one-year intensive program at the Center for Preparatory Studies of Nazarbayev University. The program provides intensive personal development, study skills, mathematics, and academic-language proficiency preparation for the undergraduate programs of Nazarbayev University. Education in this program is available under the state grant or other forms of funding, as well as on a fee-paying basis. Following the results of study in the Foundation Year Program, students are accepted to Nazarbayev University undergraduate programs. Can a 10th-grade student apply to NUFYP? No, he/she cannot. Only final-year students and graduates of secondary/post-secondary educational organizations can take part in the competition for admission to NUFYP. In other words, to participate in the competition for admission to NUFYP, an applicant must be a student of a final grade/course or have graduated from a school or postsecondary educational organization. In order to confirm their status, applicants provide a verification letter from the school ( spravka ) or school diploma. Is it possible to combine studies in high school and NUFYP at Nazarbayev University? Combining studies is not possible. At the time of enrollment and study at NU, a student of NUFYP must be a graduate of a secondary/post-secondary educational organization. NUFYP is a full-time program. What is the language of instruction at Nazarbayev University? The language of instruction at Nazarbayev University is English. Is it compulsory to enroll in NUFYP? Admission to NUFYP after high school/college is optional. Applicants can enroll directly in the undergraduate program. more questions Карта сайта × Admissions (не клик) Why NU? All programs (A-Z) How to Apply (не клик) Foundation & Undergraduate Regular Admissions Financial Aid & Scholarships Master's Regular Admissions Financial Aid & Scholarships Doctoral Programs PhD Regular Admissions Professional Doctorates Introducing the Doctoral Institute Financial Aid & Scholaships Research Partnerships Admission to Residency Fees and Financial Support International Admission General Information Visa and Documents Moving and Adaptation Useful Information and Contacts Applicants Support Center Useful Information Statistics Announcements Testimonials Academics (не клик) Quality Framework Schools Academic Programs Academic Services Research (не клик) Areas Research Priorities Interdisciplinary Research Communities Research Profiles Student Research Capabilities Core Facilities Research Groups Research Centers of Excellence Funding Opportunities Research Administration Research Publications & News Research News Research Newsletter Institutional Repository The Office of Research Compliance and Integrity About (не клик) History of the University Governance & Strategy(не клик) Strategy & Reports Governance Administration Leadership President Managing Council Office of the Provost Administrative Structure University Achievements Ranking & Accreditation Facts & Figures Students' Achievements Distinguished Guests Сooperation Jobs at NU Affiliations Contacts Information for (не клик) Students (не клик) Orientation Student Support and Rights Student Organizations & Clubs Student Government Student Clubs Disability & Learning Needs Health and Wellbeing Psychologist Consultations Medical Services on Campus Academic Mobility & Career Academic Mobility Summer Schools Outgoing Students Incoming Students Feedback from Exchange Students: Jobs and Mentoring Important Documents Visitors (не клик) Сampus Life Sports Facilities Campus Facilities Eateries Student Housing Media (не клик) News Events Media Resources FAQ for Media NU Experts Partners Other (не клик) Commercial Services Regulations Procurement Frequently Asked Questions Quick links Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Study at NU Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Information Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Connect with us Facebook-f Instagram Youtube Whatsapp X-twitter Quick links Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Study at NU Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Information Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Connect with us Facebook-f Instagram Youtube Whatsapp X-twitter Commercial Services Regulations Procurement FAQ Institutional Repository © Nazarbayev University Republic of Kazakhstan, Astana city, 53 Kabanbay Batyr Ave. Campus map 8 (7172) 70 66 88 nu@nu.edu.kz Top 23% of the world's best research universities Редактирование × Заголовок Текст Закрыть Сохранить