Skip to content × Still have questions? Search studies, locations, and people Search for: Search Button Popular: Admissions Graduate Programs Event Calendar Recent Searches: En KK Ru Admissions Why NU? All Programs (A-Z) How to Apply Foundation & Undergraduate→ Master's→ Doctoral Programs→ Residency Fees and Financial Support International Admission → Useful Information and Contacts→ Announcements Testimonials Academics Quality Framework Schools Academic Programs Academic Services Research Areas → Communities → Capabilities → Research Administration Research Publications & News → Institutional Repository Conferences The Office of Research Compliance and Integrity About History of the University University Achievements → Governance & Strategy Strategy & Reports Governance Administration → Сooperation → Jobs at NU Affiliations Contacts Information for Students Orientation Student Support and Rights Student Organizations & Clubs→ Disability & Learning Needs Health and Wellbeing→ Academic Mobility & Career→ Important Documents Media News Events For Media→ Visitors Campus Life Sports Facilities Campus Facilities Eateries Student Housing Partners → Alumni En KK Ru News Why NU? Ranking & Accreditation General Information Research Administration Сampus Life All programs (A-Z) Admissions International Admission Home > Admissions > International admission > General Information International Admission General Information Application timeline Fees and costs Scholarships and bursaries Application process Visa and Accommodation Moving and Adaptation General Information International candidates are welcome to apply to study at Nazarbayev University (NU). NU offers bachelor, master and doctorate degrees in various fields of humanities, business, social sciences and STEM programs. NU is Kazakhstan's flagship research university, uniting the brightest minds from around the world to tackle global challenges, drive innovation, and transform knowledge into impact. With a commitment to excellence in education and research, NU fosters a dynamic, multicultural community where students and faculty collaborate across disciplines and borders. A Truly International Community NU's diverse community, with faculty and students from over 60 countries, brings together global perspectives to create a rich environment for learning, research, and cultural exchange. With world-class faculty recruited globally and partnerships with leading institutions like the University of Cambridge, Duke University, and the National University of Singapore, NU offers a truly international academic experience. World-Leading Research and Education NU offers a world class education in the fields such as engineering, sciences, artificial intelligence, medicine, social sciences, and business and management. Our state-of-the-art facilities, cutting-edge labs, and interdisciplinary approach empower faculty, students and researchers to push boundaries and contribute to global knowledge. Your Journey Starts Here Discover a university where ambition meets opportunity. Apply to Nazarbayev University and become part of a forward-thinking community shaping the future. Application deadlines for each program for international candidates may differ from deadlines for candidates from Kazakhstan. All applications must be submitted through the admissions.nu.edu.kz website. Most of the programs start in the fall semester of each academic year. Deadlines Master Programs Program Application Round Application Deadline ALEKS Master of Business Administration & Master of Science in Finance Early February 13, 2026, 2 PM (Astana) January 15, 2026 January 29, 2026 February 12, 2026 Regular May 5, 2026, 2 PM (Astana) February 26, 2026 March 12, 2026 April 16, 2026 Late International self-paid applicants with a visa required prior to arrival: June 1, 2026, 2 PM (Astana); All other self-paid applicants: July 15, 2026, 2 PM (Astana) May 14, 2026 June 4, 2026 June 18, 2026 July 2, 2026 July 15, 2026 Executive MBA Late round: November 17, 2025 - January 13, 2026 Master of Science in Nursing Program June 19, 2026, 11:59 PM (Astana) Online Master's in Public Administration Applications are accepted on a rolling basis Application Deadlines: Deadline for submission of IELTS/TOEFL, GRE/GMAT certificates: Deadlines for other programs For all types of grants: February 13, 2026, 2 PM (Astana) February 24, 2026 For the full tuition fee-paying category: International applicants from countries requiring a visa prior to arrival: June 1, 2026, 2 PM (Astana) June 1, 2026 All other applicants: July 24, 2026, 2 PM (Astana) July 24, 2026 PhD programs Deadlines for full tuition fee-paying applicants: For international applicants with a visa required prior to arrival: July 17, 2026, 2 pm (Astana time); All other applicants (local and international): July 24, 2026, 2:00 p.m. (Astana time). Deadlines for submission of IELTS/TOEFL, GRE/GMAT certificates for the full tuition fee-paying category: for applicants from countries requiring a visa prior to arrival: July 17, 2026; for other applicants (local and international): July 24, 2026. Fees and costs for international students NU attracts talented students from around the world by offering a wide range of undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral programs across various fields, as well as foundation and residency programs. Tuition fees for one academic year: Degree program Tuition fee Foundation Year Program $12,000 Undergraduate programs $15,000 Master's degree programs $16,000 Doctoral programs $23,500 Doctor of Medicine $25,000/$30,000 (for non-residents) Residency programs $11,200 Admission to paid programs Admission to fee-paying programs is available to applicants who meet all minimum admission requirements. Each year, the University determines quotas for admission to programs on a fee-paying basis. Additional Information For detailed information about tuition fees for the Graduate School of Business (GSB) programs, visit the website: gsb.nu.edu.kz Contacts for Applicants: +7 (7172) 64 25 84, +7 (747) 094 02 30 info_admissions@nu.edu.kz Republic of Kazakhstan, Astana city, 53 Kabanbay Batyr Ave., 53, 1-блок, 1.111-каб. Contacts for payment-related questions: +7 (7172) 70 90 27, +7 (7172) 70 60 32 bursars_office@nu.edu.kz Republic of Kazakhstan, Astana city, 53 Kabanbay Batyr Ave.,1 block, 1.111 cab. Scholarships and bursaries for international students Abai Scholarship There are merit-based Abay Kunanbayev scholarships available for top international candidates, as recommended by the admissions committee of each school. This scholarship covers the tuition fee, medical insurance, and a monthly stipend. To learn more about tuition fees, please contact us by email at international.admissions@nu.edu.kz . PhD Scholarship To celebrate NU's 15th anniversary, NU offers 200 PhD scholarships -around 100 more than the number provided in previous years. This expansion reflects NU's strategic commitment to strengthening its position within the global academic community and nurturing a new generation of researchers for Kazakhstan and the broader region. The University and NU Impact Foundation provide funding for the expansion. Bursaries Category of applicant/student Amounts of tuition fees per academic year by level of education: Foundation Year Program of the Preparatory School Bachelor's degree programs Master's degree programs, except for GSB Master's degree programs ** and the Master in Public Administration Program (Online) of the Graduate School of Public Policy Doctoral programs, except for the Doctor of Public Management program of the Nazarbayev University Graduate School of Public Policy NU employees Employees of Nazarbayev University and its subsidiary organizations, including family members (children and spouses), with over 1 year of continuous work experience at Nazarbayev University and/or its subsidiary organizations at the time of submitting the application form: 6 000 $ 7 500 $ 8 000 $ 11 750 $ The application process 1. Online application. Candidates must upload all required documents online at admissions.nu.edu.kz . 2. Shortlisting. Each schools' admission committees assess eligible candidates and shortlist them for an interview. 3. Interviews. Shortlisted candidates are invited to a video call or face-to-face interviews with admission committees. 4. Final results. Selected candidates will be notified by e-mail and may find offer letters in their personal accounts. Supporting documents Whether you are applying for an undergraduate or postgraduate degree at Nazarbayev University, you are required to submit supporting documents such as academic transcripts, letters of recommendation, proof of English proficiency, and a copy of your passport (or national ID for Kazakhstani citizens). Detailed information is available on our Admissions Requirements webpages. Arrival to Kazakhstan Please visit the International cooperation page to learn more about visa requirements for international students in Kazakhstan. You can also read testimonials from international students at NU here . Contacts of Kazakhstan foreign missions link to download Contact of international admissions of NU: E-mail: international.admissions@nu.edu.kz Карта сайта × Admissions (не клик) Why NU? All programs (A-Z) How to Apply (не клик) Foundation & Undergraduate Regular Admissions Financial Aid & Scholarships Master's Regular Admissions Financial Aid & Scholarships Doctoral Programs PhD Regular Admissions Professional Doctorates Introducing the Doctoral Institute Financial Aid & Scholaships Research Partnerships Admission to Residency Fees and Financial Support International Admission General Information Visa and Documents Moving and Adaptation Useful Information and Contacts Applicants Support Center Useful Information Statistics Announcements Testimonials Academics (не клик) Quality Framework Schools Academic Programs Academic Services Research (не клик) Areas Research Priorities Interdisciplinary Research Communities Research Profiles Student Research Capabilities Core Facilities Research Groups Research Centers of Excellence Funding Opportunities Research Administration Research Publications & News Research News Research Newsletter Institutional Repository The Office of Research Compliance and Integrity About (не клик) History of the University Governance & Strategy(не клик) Strategy & Reports Governance Administration Leadership President Managing Council Office of the Provost Administrative Structure University Achievements Ranking & Accreditation Facts & Figures Students' Achievements Distinguished Guests Сooperation Jobs at NU Affiliations Contacts Information for (не клик) Students (не клик) Orientation Student Support and Rights Student Organizations & Clubs Student Government Student Clubs Disability & Learning Needs Health and Wellbeing Psychologist Consultations Medical Services on Campus Academic Mobility & Career Academic Mobility Summer Schools Outgoing Students Incoming Students Feedback from Exchange Students: Jobs and Mentoring Important Documents Visitors (не клик) Сampus Life Sports Facilities Campus Facilities Eateries Student Housing Media (не клик) News Events Media Resources FAQ for Media NU Experts Partners Other (не клик) Commercial Services Regulations Procurement Frequently Asked Questions Quick links Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Study at NU Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Information Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Connect with us Facebook-f Instagram Youtube Whatsapp X-twitter Quick links Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Research Portal Student Portal Career and Advising Center Registrar Academic Calendar Library Staff Portal Study at NU Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Foundation & Undergraduate Master's PhD Residency International Admission Fees and Financial Support open.nu.edu.kz Information Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Our Schools Anti-Corruption Policy Сampus Life Media Resources Jobs at NU Venue Rental Code of Ethics Connect with us Facebook-f Instagram Youtube Whatsapp X-twitter Commercial Services Regulations Procurement FAQ Institutional Repository © Nazarbayev University Republic of Kazakhstan, Astana city, 53 Kabanbay Batyr Ave. Campus map 8 (7172) 70 66 88 nu@nu.edu.kz Top 23% of the world's best research universities Редактирование × Заголовок Текст Закрыть Сохранить