Show convenient version of this site Don't show this message again Skip to main content TUM Technical University of Munich News and Events Close menu News and Events See overview All News Events Events See overview Event overview Presidential Lunches Open House Garching Sustainability Day Welcome@TUM Dies Academicus Advent Concerts Magazine Magazine See overview TUM Magazine Issue 3/26 TUM Magazine Issue 2/25 TUM Magazine Issue 1/25 Podcasts Podcasts See overview We are TUM Series Series See overview NewIn One Topic, One Loop Search navigation Reset search Studies Close menu Studies See overview Degree Programs Degree Programs See overview Bachelor's degree programs Master's degree programs Key Skill Programs Key Skill Programs See overview Plug-in Modules Project Weeks EuroTeQ Engineering University Lifelong Learning Entrepreneurship SAP Star Program From School to University From School to University See overview Offers for prospective students Offers for prospective students See overview TUM Open Campus TUM Student Talks Campustours Experience lectures Workshop for study orientation Meet a student Offers by TUM Schools For girls and young women For high-performing students For school groups Application & Enrollment Application & Enrollment See overview Application Info Portal Application Info Portal See overview Document requirements Dates, Periods and Deadlines Admission Requirements Online Application International Applicants Application for master craftspersons and qualified professionals Uni-Assist Language Certificates Glossary of Documents Visa and Residency Enrollment Info Portal Enrollment Info Portal See overview Enrollment Suspension Deferring Admission Mandatory Health Insurance StudentCard Semester Fees and Semester Ticket Bachelor's Degree Programs Bachelor's Degree Programs See overview Application Bachelor Master's Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs See overview Application Master Teacher Training Medical Studies Doctorate Other Forms of Study Other Forms of Study See overview Double degree Parallel Studies Auditor Study Stays at TUM Preparatory Study at the Studienkolleg During your Studies During your Studies See overview Starting your Studies Starting your Studies See overview Your Start at TUM Fit for TUM 2026 TUM First Steps Master's Days Organizing your Studies Organizing your Studies See overview Getting Organized Statutes & Regulations Dates and Deadlines Examinations Learning with Success Learning with Success See overview Study Skills Academic Coaching Study Areas University Library Finding Support Finding Support See overview Accidents Support & Advice Mentoring Talent Development, Scholarships and Awards Shaping the University Going Abroad Mobility at Campus Living & Working Graduation Graduation See overview Theses Graduation Documents Disenrollment Verification of Study Periods for Pension Insurance Verifications & Confirmations Starting a Career Starting a Business Alumni International Students International Students See overview Degree Programs Application & Admission Tuition Fees for Students from Non-EU Countries Your Start at TUM Tutoring & Buddy Programs Events for Internationals Language & Intercultural Services Leisure Time & Networking Housing & Work Ukraine - Support Ukraine - Support See overview Integration Program Applying for a Regular Degree Program Support for Students Support for Scientists Support & Advice Support & Advice See overview Orientation Orientation See overview Student Information General Student Advising ExploreTUM TUM Open Campus Master's Days Support during Studies Support during Studies See overview Service Desk Student Information General Student Advising Academic Coaching Learning Workshops Study doubts Examinations International Students Wellbeing Wellbeing See overview Studying with a Disability Help with Mental Stress Mental Health: TUM4Mind Student Health Management: TUM4Health Accommodation, Work & Finances Accommodation, Work & Finances See overview Accommodation Financing your Studies Jobs and Internships Children & Care of Relatives Children & Care of Relatives See overview Maternity Protection & Parental Leave TUM Family Service Gender & Diversity Gender & Diversity See overview Gender Equality Office Staff Unit Diversity & Inclusion Fees & Scholarships Fees & Scholarships See overview Administration of Fees Scholarships Scholarships See overview TUM Scholarships Other Scholarships Foundations Student Loans Jobs Tuition Fees for Students from Non-EU Countries Tuition Fees for Students from Non-EU Countries See overview Scholarships and waivers for international students Teaching & Quality Management Teaching & Quality Management See overview Teaching Methods Teaching Methods See overview Teaching Design Examination Design Awards and Competitions Awards and Competitions See overview TUM Future Learning Fund TUM: Agenda Lehre Teaching Awards Ideas Competition Ideas Competition: Archive Project Weeks Teaching Fund Tuition Substitution Funds Calls for Proposals Digitization Dialogue on Teaching Dialogue on Teaching See overview Lehr-Apéro Teaching Symposium Teaching Forum InfoForum Study and Teaching Quality Management Quality Management See overview Mission Statement and Teaching Constitution Developing Degree Programs Administrative Offices QM Manual System Accreditation Evaluation Training for Teaching Internationalization Language Services Downloads Contacts Search navigation Reset search Lifelong learning Close menu Lifelong learning See overview Executive and Professional Education Executive and Professional Education See overview Executive Education Professional Education Offers for our employees Offers for our employees See overview People Development People Development See overview Mental Health Days 2026 Learning Days Digital Tools & AI TUM horizons CareerDesign@TUM ScienceManagement@TUM Faculty@TUM TUM ProLehre Media and Didactics Offers for our students Innovation in Continuing Education Innovation in Continuing Education See overview TUM ProLehre Media and Didactics Center for Educational Technologies Digital Programs of Executive and Professional Education MOOCs at TUM Publications and Media Contact Search navigation Reset search Research Close menu Research See overview Clusters of Excellence Schools and Research Centers Research Goals Research Goals See overview Foundations of Life Medicine and Health Sustainable Living Environment Sustainable Living Environment See overview Mobility Agriculture and nutrition Materials and Manufacturing Technologies Materials and Manufacturing Technologies See overview Energy Digitalization, AI and Quantum technologies Digitalization, AI and Quantum technologies See overview Artificial Intelligence Quantum technologies Technology and Society Research projects Research projects See overview Collaborative Research Centers Priority programs Research Training Groups Research Units Animal Research Our partners Careers in research Support for Researchers Search navigation Reset search Innovation Close menu Innovation See overview Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship See overview For Entrepreneurship Enthusiasts For Entrepreneurship Enthusiasts See overview Education Offerings TUM Female Founders International Education Programs Founding ambassadors For founders & start-ups For founders & start-ups See overview Consulting & Mentoring Financing Start-up Competitions International Programs TUM Incubator For Alumni & Corporates For Alumni & Corporates See overview Role models TUM Start-up Wall Entrepreneurs of Excellence Entrepreneur­ship Research TUM Venture Labs News & Events News & Events See overview Entrepreneurship News TUM Founder's Talk Start-up Meet & Talk TUM Entrepreneurship Day TUM IDEAward About Us About Us See overview FAQs Industry Collaborations Munich Ecosystem Patents and Licenses Search navigation Reset search Community Close menu Community See overview Onboarding Campus Life Campus Life See overview TUM Student Clubs TUM Student Clubs See overview Your Easy Way In TUM Student Club Gallery Sports and Health Music and Arts Music and Arts See overview TUM Center for Culture and Arts TUMChor University Chamber Orchestra Museums and Exhibitions Public Engagement Public Engagement See overview School meets science Public Engagement Dialog and Partnership with Society Global Network Global Network See overview International Locations Campus Singapore Alumni Senior Excellence Faculty Giving Search navigation Reset search About TUM Close menu About TUM See overview University of Excellence Goals and Values Goals and Values See overview Mission Statement Compliance Gender and Diversity Sustainability Facts and Figures Facts and Figures See overview TUM in figures Rankings Awards and Honors Awards and Honors See overview Nobel Prizes Leibniz Prize Humboldt Professors IEEE Fellows Further awards Awards presented by the TUM History History See overview Chronicle 150 years of TUM Organization Organization See overview Executive Board Executive Board See overview Presidential Office Office of the Chancellor Faculty Recruitment Strategy Delegate Officers of the President Past presidents Extended Executive Board Supervisory Board Senate Board of Trustees Ethics Committee Administration and Service Institutions Governing Documents Locations Careers and Jobs Careers and Jobs See overview Open Positions Faculty Recruiting Faculty Recruiting See overview Apply: Open Professorships TUM Faculty Tenure Track Evaluation and Promotion Munich Dual Career Office FAQs Meet our Professors Contact Postdocs Postdocs See overview TUM Global Postdoc Fellowship EuroTechPostdoc2 program Doctorate TUM Fan? TUM Fan? See overview TUM Shop Contact & Directions Contact & Directions See overview Feedback Lost property Media Relations Logins Logins See overview TUMonline - TUM's campus management portal Legal Notice Emergency Search navigation Reset search Target group entry For Prospective Students For Students For Researchers For Employees For Alumni For Executives and Professionals For Founders For Cooperations For Press and Media de en Settings Settings Close Design If you use one of the color modes, the TUM website and its elements will be displayed in either dark or light. System setting Use this mode according to your system settings. Light mode Use the light mode regardless of your system setting. Dark mode Use the dark Mode regardless of your system setting. The settings are stored on your computer and not transferred to the server. Save settings Open search Open navigation Search navigation Reset search News and Events Back News and Events All News Events Back Events Event overview Presidential Lunches Open House Garching Sustainability Day Welcome@TUM Dies Academicus Advent Concerts Magazine Back Magazine TUM Magazine Issue 3/26 TUM Magazine Issue 2/25 TUM Magazine Issue 1/25 Podcasts Back Podcasts We are TUM Series Back Series NewIn One Topic, One Loop Studies Back Studies Degree Programs Back Degree Programs Bachelor's degree programs Master's degree programs Key Skill Programs Back Key Skill Programs Plug-in Modules Project Weeks EuroTeQ Engineering University Lifelong Learning Entrepreneurship SAP Star Program From School to University Back From School to University Offers for prospective students Back Offers for prospective students TUM Open Campus TUM Student Talks Campustours Experience lectures Workshop for study orientation Meet a student Offers by TUM Schools For girls and young women For high-performing students For school groups Application & Enrollment Back Application & Enrollment Application Info Portal Back Application Info Portal Document requirements Dates, Periods and Deadlines Admission Requirements Online Application International Applicants Application for master craftspersons and qualified professionals Uni-Assist Language Certificates Glossary of Documents Visa and Residency Enrollment Info Portal Back Enrollment Info Portal Enrollment Suspension Deferring Admission Mandatory Health Insurance StudentCard Semester Fees and Semester Ticket Bachelor's Degree Programs Back Bachelor's Degree Programs Application Bachelor Master's Degree Programs Back Master's Degree Programs Application Master Teacher Training Medical Studies Doctorate Other Forms of Study Back Other Forms of Study Double degree Parallel Studies Auditor Study Stays at TUM Preparatory Study at the Studienkolleg During your Studies Back During your Studies Starting your Studies Back Starting your Studies Your Start at TUM Fit for TUM 2026 TUM First Steps Master's Days Organizing your Studies Back Organizing your Studies Getting Organized Statutes & Regulations Dates and Deadlines Examinations Learning with Success Back Learning with Success Study Skills Academic Coaching Study Areas University Library Finding Support Back Finding Support Accidents Support & Advice Mentoring Talent Development, Scholarships and Awards Shaping the University Going Abroad Mobility at Campus Living & Working Graduation Back Graduation Theses Graduation Documents Disenrollment Verification of Study Periods for Pension Insurance Verifications & Confirmations Starting a Career Starting a Business Alumni International Students Back International Students Degree Programs Application & Admission Tuition Fees for Students from Non-EU Countries Your Start at TUM Tutoring & Buddy Programs Events for Internationals Language & Intercultural Services Leisure Time & Networking Housing & Work Ukraine - Support Back Ukraine - Support Integration Program Applying for a Regular Degree Program Support for Students Support for Scientists Support & Advice Back Support & Advice Orientation Back Orientation Student Information General Student Advising ExploreTUM TUM Open Campus Master's Days Support during Studies Back Support during Studies Service Desk Student Information General Student Advising Academic Coaching Learning Workshops Study doubts Examinations International Students Wellbeing Back Wellbeing Studying with a Disability Help with Mental Stress Mental Health: TUM4Mind Student Health Management: TUM4Health Accommodation, Work & Finances Back Accommodation, Work & Finances Accommodation Financing your Studies Jobs and Internships Children & Care of Relatives Back Children & Care of Relatives Maternity Protection & Parental Leave TUM Family Service Gender & Diversity Back Gender & Diversity Gender Equality Office Staff Unit Diversity & Inclusion Fees & Scholarships Back Fees & Scholarships Administration of Fees Scholarships Back Scholarships TUM Scholarships Other Scholarships Foundations Student Loans Jobs Tuition Fees for Students from Non-EU Countries Back Tuition Fees for Students from Non-EU Countries Scholarships and waivers for international students Teaching & Quality Management Back Teaching & Quality Management Teaching Methods Back Teaching Methods Teaching Design Examination Design Awards and Competitions Back Awards and Competitions TUM Future Learning Fund TUM: Agenda Lehre Teaching Awards Ideas Competition Ideas Competition: Archive Project Weeks Teaching Fund Tuition Substitution Funds Calls for Proposals Digitization Dialogue on Teaching Back Dialogue on Teaching Lehr-Apéro Teaching Symposium Teaching Forum InfoForum Study and Teaching Quality Management Back Quality Management Mission Statement and Teaching Constitution Developing Degree Programs Administrative Offices QM Manual System Accreditation Evaluation Training for Teaching Internationalization Language Services Downloads Contacts Lifelong learning Back Lifelong learning Executive and Professional Education Back Executive and Professional Education Executive Education Professional Education Offers for our employees Back Offers for our employees People Development Back People Development Mental Health Days 2026 Learning Days Digital Tools & AI TUM horizons CareerDesign@TUM ScienceManagement@TUM Faculty@TUM TUM ProLehre Media and Didactics Offers for our students Innovation in Continuing Education Back Innovation in Continuing Education TUM ProLehre Media and Didactics Center for Educational Technologies Digital Programs of Executive and Professional Education MOOCs at TUM Publications and Media Contact Research Back Research Clusters of Excellence Schools and Research Centers Research Goals Back Research Goals Foundations of Life Medicine and Health Sustainable Living Environment Back Sustainable Living Environment Mobility Agriculture and nutrition Materials and Manufacturing Technologies Back Materials and Manufacturing Technologies Energy Digitalization, AI and Quantum technologies Back Digitalization, AI and Quantum technologies Artificial Intelligence Quantum technologies Technology and Society Research projects Back Research projects Collaborative Research Centers Priority programs Research Training Groups Research Units Animal Research Our partners Careers in research Support for Researchers Innovation Back Innovation Entrepreneurship Back Entrepreneurship For Entrepreneurship Enthusiasts Back For Entrepreneurship Enthusiasts Education Offerings TUM Female Founders International Education Programs Founding ambassadors For founders & start-ups Back For founders & start-ups Consulting & Mentoring Financing Start-up Competitions International Programs TUM Incubator For Alumni & Corporates Back For Alumni & Corporates Role models TUM Start-up Wall Entrepreneurs of Excellence Entrepreneur­ship Research TUM Venture Labs News & Events Back News & Events Entrepreneurship News TUM Founder's Talk Start-up Meet & Talk TUM Entrepreneurship Day TUM IDEAward About Us Back About Us FAQs Industry Collaborations Munich Ecosystem Patents and Licenses Community Back Community Onboarding Campus Life Back Campus Life TUM Student Clubs Back TUM Student Clubs Your Easy Way In TUM Student Club Gallery Sports and Health Music and Arts Back Music and Arts TUM Center for Culture and Arts TUMChor University Chamber Orchestra Museums and Exhibitions Public Engagement Back Public Engagement School meets science Public Engagement Dialog and Partnership with Society Global Network Back Global Network International Locations Campus Singapore Alumni Senior Excellence Faculty Giving About TUM Back About TUM University of Excellence Goals and Values Back Goals and Values Mission Statement Compliance Gender and Diversity Sustainability Facts and Figures Back Facts and Figures TUM in figures Rankings Awards and Honors Back Awards and Honors Nobel Prizes Leibniz Prize Humboldt Professors IEEE Fellows Further awards Awards presented by the TUM History Back History Chronicle 150 years of TUM Organization Back Organization Executive Board Back Executive Board Presidential Office Office of the Chancellor Faculty Recruitment Strategy Delegate Officers of the President Past presidents Extended Executive Board Supervisory Board Senate Board of Trustees Ethics Committee Administration and Service Institutions Governing Documents Locations Careers and Jobs Back Careers and Jobs Open Positions Faculty Recruiting Back Faculty Recruiting Apply: Open Professorships TUM Faculty Tenure Track Evaluation and Promotion Munich Dual Career Office FAQs Meet our Professors Contact Postdocs Back Postdocs TUM Global Postdoc Fellowship EuroTechPostdoc2 program Doctorate TUM Fan? Back TUM Fan? TUM Shop Contact & Directions Back Contact & Directions Feedback Lost property Media Relations Logins Back Logins TUMonline - TUM's campus management portal Legal Notice Emergency Close search overlay Search for content Submit Language Certificates In order to succeed in your studies, you need to have a good grasp on the language. On this page you'll find everything you need to know when it comes to proving your language skills. Courses at TUM are offered in two languages of instruction: German and English. There are degree programs in which all courses are offered either entirely in German or in English. In some degree programs, you can or must take courses or modules in both German and English. Depending on the degree program and the focus of your studies, you will therefore need different language skills. The options listed here are sufficient to comply with the minimum language requirements needed for admission. Depending on the program and your individual background it may, however, be necessary for you to keep working on your language skills during your studies. Be sure to check out the services of our Language Center. For information on what credentials you need to provide when applying for a specific degree program, please see our degree program pages . Language Skill Navigator Not sure what to use as proof of your language skills when applying? Our Language Skill Navigator can help you narrow down your options. German Language Skills Good command of German is an important prerequisite to successfully complete your studies at TUM. Proof of sufficient German language skills must be submitted before the end of the application period for all degree programs whose language of instruction is German. Applicants holding a German university entrance qualification do not require verification of their German language skills. German citizens with an international higher education entrance qualification who have spent at least two school years at a German school may submit two annual school certificates of this school as proof of their German language proficiency. Please also note the information on the requirements of the Standing Conference of the Ministers of Education in Germany (KMK) regarding proof of German language proficiency . A list of certificates recognized as proof of German language proficiency can be found in the KMK's framework regulations (pdf, German, 391 KB). More information for exchange students is available at TUM Global & Alumni Office. Recognized German Language Certificates Applicants who have not obtained their higher education entrance qualification at a German-speaking institution are required to have sufficient German language skills to be able to complete their studies at a German university (linguistic study ability). When applying for degree programs requiring proof of sufficient German skills for admission, you may submit the following certificates: DSH-2 A DSH passed with an overall result of at least DSH-2 is considered proof of linguistic study ability for admission or enrollment to all degree programs and degrees. Only for the bachelor degree programs Aerospace and Information Engineering also DSH-1 (or higher). DSD II The German language diploma of the Permanent Conference of the Ministers for Education and Cultural Affairs - Second Level (= DSD II): It is sufficient to have reached Level B 2 in all four sections. Only for the bachelor degree programs Aerospace and Information Engineering also DSD I (or higher). TELC DEUTSCH C1 HOCHSCHULE Passed the telc Deutsch C1 Hochschule. Only for the bachelor degree programs Aerospace and Information Engineering also telc Deutsch A2 (or higher). TESTDAF Test of German as a foreign language for foreign students (TestDaF) with a result that demonstrates having reached level 4 in all sections. Only for the bachelor degree programs Aerospace and Information Engineering also level 3 in all sections (or higher). GOETHE CERTIFICATE C2 Passed a Goethe Certificate C2. Only for the bachelor degree programs Aerospace and Information Engineering also Goethe Certificate A2 (or higher). ÖSD CERTIFICATE C2 Passed Österreichisches Sprachdiplom C2. Only for the bachelor degree programs Aerospace and Information Engineering also ÖSD Certificate A2 (or higher). Please note that the certificates mentioned here only meet the formal minimum requirements . To study successfully, we strongly recommend that you expand and deepen your language skills during your studies. Alternative Proof of German Language Proficiency In some cases, an alternative form of proof of language proficiency may be submitted in place of a language certificate. Please refer to the Academic and Examination Regulations of your degree program ( FPSO ) for specific details. QUALIFICATION ASSESSMENT EXAMINATION (STUDIENKOLLEG) Certificate of an aptitude test that proves the ability of foreign applicants to take up higher education studies in Germany (qualification assessment examination). INTERNATIONAL BACCALAUREATE A "German A (Higher Level)" within the International Baccalaureate; only for the Bachelor's programs in Aerospace and Information Engineering, "German B (Higher Level)" is also accepted Alternatively: Either Biology, History or German as Higher Level in the "Gemischtsprachiges International Baccalaureate mit Schwerpunkt Deutsch" GENERAL HIGHER EDUCATION QUALIFICATION FROM A EUROPEAN SCHOOL A certificate from a European School is accepted as proof of German language proficiency only with a successful completion of an examination in German as a first language (L1) or second language (L2). DIPLOMA FROM A GERMAN-LANGUAGE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION A diploma from a German-language educational institution in Germany or abroad. Please note: If you wish to submit a diploma/degree certificate of an academic degree (e.g. a bachelor's with German as language of instruction) as proof of your language skills, you need to submit this document to the online application form. So please be sure the documents will be issued in time, i.e. before the application deadline. Additionally, the documents submitted must show the proportion of your entire degree program that was taught in German. Preliminary certificates, transcripts etc. are not sufficient. If the final graduation documents are not available in time, you need to submit a different proof of language proficiency. US Advanced Placement Exam (AP Exam) in German (for applicants with a US high school diploma) If you have successfully passed the Advanced Placement Exam (AP) in German, please upload your AP scores as a PDF file under "Other language certificate recognized within the KMK 'Framework for German Language Examinations for Study at German Universities'". Please note: Language certificates from the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) or language tests for admission to other universities cannot be recognized. Certificates of German-language education at secondary school types Mittelschule or Realschule as well as at a vocational school are also not sufficient. English Language Skills As a rule, proof of sufficient English language skills must be submitted before the end of the application period for all degree programs whose language of instruction is English. In these cases, please upload valid proof of your english language skills to the online application form . The document has to contain all information required for validation . Only English language certificates of the below mentioned list are recognized. Other English language certificates are not recognized. . Please note: For the bachelor degree programs Aerospace Information Engineering Management and Data Science Management and Technology (at Munich Campus) Political Science Sustainable Management and Technology English language skills verification is carried out as part of the aptitude assessment . An English language certificate is not required for the application. Recognized English Language Certificates TEST OF ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE (TOEFL) Minimum Requirements: Internet based Test (iBT): 88 . Only the Test Date Score is valid, MyBest Score will not be accepted. iBT Home Edition: 88 . Only the Test Date Score is valid, MyBest Score will not be accepted. A corresponding score is also displayed under the new TOEFL scoring system with its scale from 1 to 6 and is accepted for the application. Please upload a screenshot of your Test Taker Score Report to the online application form. TOEFL ITP is not accepted. Please note : To make your TOEFL results available for TUM, use the ETS Institution Code 7806. This allows your TOEFL score to be verified. INTERNATIONAL ENGLISH LANGUAGE TESTING SYSTEM (IELTS) IELTS Academic with a minimum overall band score of 6.5 . IELTS Online Academic with a minimum overall band score of 6.5 . Please upload your Test Report Form or your Unique Identifier Number to the online application form. An IELTS One Skill Retake is accepted if you upload a new and complete IELTS Test Report Form; uploading only the retake certificate is not sufficient . Please note: In case you are not able to receive your Test Report Form (TRF), please upload a PDF document with your TRF Number on it instead. Every passed IELTS test has a TRF Number (Test Report Form Number). We will then try to verify your IELTS results onlilne. CAMBRIDGE MAIN SUITE OF ENGLISH EXAMINATIONS CAE (Cambridge Advanced English), Grades A, B, C CPE (Cambridge Proficiency English), Grades A, B, C Please upload your CAE or CPE certificate to the online application form. PEARSON ENGLISH LANGUAGE TEST PTE Academic with an Overall Score of at least 65 points. PTE Academic Online with an Overall Score of at least 65 points. Upload your score report to the online application form. We will attempt to verify your PTE Academic certificate online. In some cases, an alternative form of proof of language proficiency may be submitted in place of a language certificate. Please refer to the Academic and Examination Regulations of your degree program ( FPSO ) for specific details. Please also be aware of the Collective Amendment concerning the proof of English language proficiency (PDF, 143 KB) English language proficiency may no longer be proven by school grades (e.g. in the Abitur). An exception may apply to individual Bachelor's degree programs for which language skills verification is carried out as part of the aptitude assessment. For Master's degree programs, English language proficiency cannot be proven by school grades in any case. Verification of English Skills by Language of Instruction You can prove your English language skills through the language of instruction in your previous school or academic education - for example, completed a full secondary school education in English (secondary school leaving certificate must open up direct access to higher education in Germany) or if the language of instruction in a Bachelor's or Master's degree program was English - by submitting your transcript of records or your degree certificate as evidence. The language of instruction needs to have been English in at least 50% of the program. If the language of instruction is not stated in these documents, you can submit an official confirmation issued by your prior university. For some Master's degree programs , a sufficient amount of credits acquired in English modules during your undergraduate studies is accepted as proof of your English language proficiency as well. The information whether this option is valid for a certain degree program and, if so, how many credits you need to have completed in English modules, can be found in the Academic and Examination Regulations of a degree program. If this option is given for a certain degree program, you need to submit your transcript of records or your degree certificate as evidence, as well as the form for verification of English-language proficiency through English-language modules in the undergraduate degree program (PDF, 175 KB). For some Master's degree programs, for example at the TUM School of Computation, Information and Technology, it is also possible to prove your English-language proficiency by submitting an English-language Bachelor's thesis . Please note that the thesis must already have been submitted and graded. The English title must be noted in the transcript as a passed credit requirement and the transcript must indicate that the thesis was written in English; otherwise, a separate certificate from the university stating the language of the bachelor's thesis must be submitted. If the Bachelor's thesis has not yet been graded, it cannot be used as a proof of English language proficiency. Semesters spent in an exchange program or internship are not sufficient. Verification of English Skills during the Aptitude Assessment In the Bachelor's degree programs Aerospace Information Engineering Management and Data Science Management and Technology (at Munich Campus) Political Science Sustainable Management and Technology English language skills verification is carried out as part of the aptitude assessment. In this process, it is assessed whether the language skills you have acquired at school are sufficient for your studies. For this purpose, proof of your English language skills as provided by your higher education entrance qualification (e.g. Abitur) is checked. Alternatively, the necessary language skills can be verified during the aptitude interview The regulations for your degree program can be found in the corresponding Regulations on Aptitude Assessment . Verification through the Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) A GMAT with a score higher than 600 is accepted as proof of english skills for some master's programs offered by the TUM School of Management. For more information, please refer to the Academic and Examination Regulations (FPSO). Notes on Verification and Validity We cannot process any requests for verification of language certificates before you complete an online application via TUMonline. Language certificates sent directly from the providers by mail will also not be considered if there is no complete online application. Please upload your language certificate in PDF format during the online application. Older recognized language certificates will also be accepted if they are uploaded in PDF format. Temporary validity stated on certificates is not relevant for applications to TUM. The regulations regarding minimum grades also apply to older language certificates. In case of doubt, TUM reserves the right to request verification. Multi-language programs In some degree programs, you can choose between english or german courses - and in other cases, you need to complete german as well as english courses to complete your studies. If this is the case, you need to provide proof of the respective language skills when applying. You can find more information about the language of instruction and the required language proficiency in our course list or in the respective Academic and Examination Regulations. Student Advising and Information Services +49 89 289 22245 Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. studium spam prevention @tum.de Please observe the e-mail etiquette . Find all the info on our services here . Personal advising sessions with General Student Advising by appointment. Service Desk Campus Munich, Arcisstraße 21, Room 0144, 80333 München Monday, Wednesday, Friday: 9 a.m. - 12 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday, 1 p.m. - 4 p.m. (Student Information only) Technical University of Munich Arcisstraße 21 80333 München Phone: +49 89 289 01 Fax: +49 89 289 22000 Let's shape the future together. Support us Latest news A new beginning for female founders Natural high-performance adhesive made from mistletoe berries Prof. Wolfgang A. Wall receives UNIPRENEURS Award Schools: Computation, Information and Technology Engineering and Design Natural Sciences Life Sciences Medicine and Health Management Social Sciences and Technology Quicklinks: Persons (TUMonline) IT Services Calendar MyTUM TUMDesk Rooms University Library TUMshop linkedin instagram bluesky mastodon threads facebook youtube x RSS Jobs Feedback Press and Media Accessibility Privacy Policy Legal Notice Emergency TUM Partners of Excellence Airbus · Altana · Audi · Bayerischer Bauindustrieverband · BMW · Bosch · Busch Vacuum · Clariant · Dräxlmaier · Evonik Industries · Google · Herrenknecht · HUAWEI · Infineon · Linde · MAN · Nestlé · Rohde & Schwarz · RWE · SAP · SGL Carbon · Siemens · TRUMPF · TÜV-Süd · Vereinigung der Bayerischen Wirtschaft · Volkswagen · Wacker Chemie