2027학년도 3월 입학 순수외국인전형 모집요강 CAU YOUTUBE CHUNG-ANG UNIV. 2027 Admissions Guide for International Students 2027학년도 3월 입학2027학년도 3월 입학 순수외국인전형 모집요강순수외국인전형 모집요강 서울특별시 동작구 흑석로 84 중앙대학교 310관 210호 국제처 국제교육지원팀 TEL. +82-2-820-6575, 6123, 6124 ㅣ E-MAIL. ba@cau.ac.kr ㅣ http://oia.cau.ac.kr 입학상담 2027 Admissions Guide for International Students 2027 Admission at a Glance PART 1. Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 1. Contact List 40 11 1. 2027 Spring Semester First-Round International Student Admission 15 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 15 17 18 19 20 29 29 30 31 Admission Units Eligibility Evaluation Method Admission Schedule Practical Test Requirements Online Application Application Fee List of Required Documents Document Submission 3. Campus Guide 45 (Form 1) School Information Confirmation Form for Chinese Secondary Vocational Schools (Form 2) Personal Statement for School of Medicine Applicants 47 48 2. Dormitory Guide 01 02 41 43 41 Seoul Campus Dormitory Da Vinci Campus Dormitory 2. Korean Language Proficiency Requirements and Preliminary Admission System 32 01 02 03 32 32 32 Korean Language Requirements for Undergraduate Enrollment at CAU Preliminary Admission Process Important Notes for Preliminarily Admitted Applicants 3. 4. Enrollment Guide for Admitted Students Scholarships for International Students 01 02 03 01 02 03 33 33 33 34 34 34 33 34 Registration Tuition Table Important Notes for Admitted Students Admission Scholarships (New Students) Merit Scholarships (Enrolled Students) Family Scholarship (New and Enrolled Students) 6. List of IEQAS-Certified Universities 37 5. Required Documents for D-2 Visa Issuance 01 02 03 35 35 36 35 Proof of Financial Ability Documents Proving Final Academic Background Authentication Methods by Type of Final Academic Document PART 2. Guide to Campus Life CHUNG-ANG UNIVERSITY Enjoy diverse learning and experiences on our two campuses, offering excellent accessibility in central Seoul and a natural educational environment. CAU, the Center of Learning and Connection Gwanghwamun Seoul Station Yongsan(Haebangchon) SEOUL CAMPUS HEUKSEOK Heukseok Line 9 Sangdo Line 7 about 35 min about 25 min about 15 min about 20 min about 30 min about 25 min about 20 min about 35 min Myeongdong Mangwon Seongsu(Seoul Forest) Gangnam Jamsil Nodeul Island about 15 min DAVINCI CAMPUS ANSEONG 3,861 2,851 758 252 Facts & Figures 2026 QS Rankings Colleges Undergraduate Master's Doctoral 15 5,82023,600 International students Graduate schools 17 among universities in Seoul by number of international undergraduate students 2 Ranked nd for 3 consecutive years An IEQAS-Accredited University 3 YEARS 2023 · 2024 · 2025 for international students Scholarship recipient rate International Partner institutions 74 Countries 680 in47.6 % 65 th QS WORLD UNIVERSITY RANKINGS BY SUBJECT 2026 51-100 Nursing 51-100 Social Policy and Administration 101-150 Engineering 151-200 Art & Design 151-200 Architecture & Build Environment Graduate students Undergraduate students INCHEON AIRPORT CAUWHY CAUCHOOSETOREASONSSEVEN CAU Mental Health and Student Life Support Support Program for International Students in Their Major Studies Scholarship Program for Outstanding International Student Leaders Employment & Career Support 7 Reasons to Choose Chung-Ang University 01 03 04 05 Creative DNA Leading K-Culture07 02 Operation of International Exchange Programs Cultural Adaptation Program 06 · Dedicated psychological counseling services for international students with limited Korean proficiency · Operation of the Global Community Center · Administrative support for immigrationrelated services · Employment seminars and career information sessions · Support programs for employment in Korea and academic guidance after graduation · Academic support for international students through dedicated professors, researchers, teaching assistants,and senior students i n each department · Operation of a structured mentoring program · Outstanding international students with experience at Chung-Ang University are selected as student supporters · They provide reliable assistance with admissions counseling, academics,and daily life inquiries · Experience studying abroad as an exchange student for one or two semesters at any of our 700+ partner universities worldwide. · Recognized for global competitiveness, including the first Korean recipient of the Pulitzer Prize · Chung-Ang University artists have received awards at prestigious international film festivals, including Cannes and Moscow · The cradle of the K-Wave, producing Korea's leading directors, producers, and actors · Offering essential guidance on living in Korea · Cultural activities and networking events · Offering opportunities for interaction with Korean students Introduction of a New Admission Unit for 2027 International Student Admission Nano Materials Engineering Biomedical Engineering School of Integrative Engineering Nano Materials Engineering Biomedical Engineering Students learn nano-materials technologies at the core of the semiconductor, display, energy industries, and develop into professionals who will lead future advanced industries. ・The program cultivates specialists through foundational coursework and practical training designed for immediate adaptation to companies and research institutes. ・Career paths include semiconductor and display companies, advanced materials and energy industries, research institutes and graduate schools in Korea or abroad. ・By building knowledge in the biological and medical fields on a foundation of engineering, the program cultivates highly qualified professionals who can pursue careers not only in traditional engineering fields but also in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. ・Career paths include bio/pharmaceutical companies, medical device and healthcare industries, hospitals, research institutes, and graduate schools. By integrating life sciences and engineering, the program cultivates specialists who will lead the fields of medical devices, biomaterials, and digital healthcare. The School of Integrative Engineering fosters leaders who will shape the future of convergence science and technology. PROGRAMSACADEMIC CAU GLOBALNEW CAU Global Academic Units academic programs tailored specifically for international students! Students systematically learn about Korean language education and Korean culture to grow into global experts in Korean education and culture needed in the era of the Korean Wave (Hallyu). · Customized curriculum exclusively for international students · Korean language teacher certification available upon completion of the major Global Leaders in the Era of the Korean Wave! Korean Language Education and Korean Culture Major Through a curriculum that reflects international students' interests and global trends, students can develop into experts in advertising/PR and global marketing. · Practical and trendy courses reflecting diverse cultural characteristics, including Global Advertising Creativity, Global Marketing Communication, Global Branding Strategy, and Digital Media Strategy · Enhanced practical skills through learning various global marketing case studies Global Advertising and PR Major Korean Language Education and Korean Culture Major Department of Advertising and Public Relations Department of Game Convergence Department of Korean Language and Literature English Track (100% English-Instructed Classes) Training leaders in the game industry! The Department aims to foster professionals equipped with advanced competencies in game planning and development based on cutting-edge technologies such as AI and VR/AR. Students are trained to develop into project managers (PMs) and executives who can play leading roles in the global game industry. · Nurturing creative talent through industryacademia cooperation programs with global game companies and problem-based learning (PBL). · Developing future leaders of the game industry through education inAI and VR/AR technologies, combined with game company internships and entrepreneurship training. CAUNEW ENGINE AX ENGINEERING BUILDING THE ENGINEAX Infinite Deams CAU's Engine for the AI Era 205 AX Engineering Building With CAU Building 205, Future AX Engineering Hall The New Engine of Chung-Ang University Leading the AI Era: 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 11 12 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 Admission at a Glance ◐ Evaluation Method◐ Changes from the Previous Year Admission Unit Selection Method Evaluation Method and Weighting Humanities | Social Sciences | Natural Sciences Engineering | ICT Engineering | Engineering Software | Business & Economics Virtual Convergence | Biotechnology Ats(Housing and Interior Design, Fashion) Art and Technology Comprehensive Evaluation Document Evaluation 100% College of Medicine Comprehensive Evaluation Document Evaluation 50% + Interview 50% Arts | Sports Comprehensive Evaluation Document Evaluation 50% + Practical Test (Portfolio) 50% Academic Year 2026 Academic Year 2027 Notes <New> School of Integrative Engineering, College of ICT Engineering Applicants must hold TOPIKLevel 5 or higher 1) Addition of a New Admission Unit Academic Year 2026 Academic Year 2027 Department of Global Interactive Convergence Contents College of Virtual Convergence Department of Game Convergence College of Virtual Convergence 2) Department Name Change Admission Unit Academic Year 2026 Academic Year 2027 School of Performing Arts and Media(Dance) In-Person Practical Test Portfolio ReviewSchool of Music Composition Piano School of Korean Traditional Arts(Music Arts) 3) Change in Practical-Test Evaluation Method ◐ Features of CAU Undergraduate Admission for International Students Category Details Notes Four Application Opportunities per Year Admission Application Period Departments requiring an in-person practical test recruit only during the first round for March admission (September) and the first round for September admission (March). March Admission September (First Round), November (Second Round) September Admission March (First Round), June (Second Round) Multiple Applications Allowed Applicants may apply to up to two departments simultaneously. College of Arts and College of Sport Sciences applicants may apply only as their first choice. Preliminary Admission System Applicants who do not meet the Korean-language requirement may be selected for preliminary admission. Final admission is granted upon meeting the undergraduate Korean-language requirement within two years and reapplying to the same admission unit. See p. 32 for the undergraduate Koreanlanguage requirement. Six ABEEK-Accredited Engineering Programs Available Civil InfrastructureSystems Engineering (Civil and Environmental Engineering) School of Architecture and Building Science (Architectural Engineering) Department of Chemical Engineering School of Mechanical Engineering School of Electrical and Electronics Engineering School of Software Students may elect to complete an ABEEKaccredited program after admission. ※ ABEEK is an internationally recognized engineering-education accreditation system that certifies graduates as prepared for professional engineering practice. ※ Second-choice applications are evaluated only if the applicant is not admitted to the first choice. Admission to both choices is not possible. 4) New Korean-Language Exemption for Graduates of High Schools in Korea ◦ Graduates (or prospective graduates) of a high school located in Korea who completed the entire three-year high-school curriculum and are deemed to possess Korean proficiency equivalent to a TOPIK holder (excluding foreign schools located in Korea) 1) Evaluation Methods and Weighting by Admission Unit 2) School-Violence Records: For applicants currently attending or having graduated from a Korean high school any school-violence disciplinary record will be considered qualitatively during document evaluation. 5) Consideration of School Violence Disciplinary Records ◦ Considered qualitatively in the document evaluation 6) Introduction of the Preliminary Admission System ◦ Applicants who pass the evaluation but do not meet the Korean-language requirement will be selected as preliminarily admitted applicants and issued a Certificate of Preliminary Admission. ◦ Applicants will be finally admitted if they meet the Korean-language requirement within two years and reapply to the same admission unit. - Requirement: TOPIK Level 4 or higher, or completion of Level 4 or higher at the CAU Institute of International Education Korean Language Program ◦ Abolition of the previous Korean-language retraining class system 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 13 14 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG ◐ 2027 Spring Semester (March Admission) Schedule ◐ International Student Admission Process ◐ Preliminary Admission System Category 2027 Spring Semester (March Admission), First Round 2027 Spring Semester (March Admission), Second Round Online Application and Document Submission 2026.8.31.(Mon) ~ 9.18.(Fri) 2026.11.16.(Mon) ~ 11.27.(Fri) School of Medicine Interview 2026.10.3.(Sat) Arts and Sports Practical Test 2026.10.10.(Sat) 2026.12.5.(Sat) Admission Results Announcement 2026.10.30.(Fri) 2026.12.18.(Fri) Tuition Payment During January 2027 ※ Important Notes for Applicants ◦ Applicants will not receive individual notice of the provisions in this guide. Applicants must read and understand the guide before applying and are responsible for any disadvantage arising from failure to do so. ◦ Admission scores and evaluation details will not be disclosed. ◦ Matters not specified in this guide will be determined by the CAU Undergraduate International Admissions Committee. ◦ Admitted applicants must complete registration within the designated period. Failure to register by the deadline will result in cancellation of admission. ◦ Applicants who have registered at CAU may not register simultaneously at another university. They must withdraw from one institution and ultimately register at only one university. ◦ Admission may be revoked if visa requirements are not met or a visa is denied. Tuition already paid will be refunded in accordance with CAU regulations. ◦ Applicants who fail to submit documents, provide false information, forge or alter documents, take examinations by proxy, commit other misconduct, or fail to meet eligibility requirements will be disqualified regardless of scores. Admission may be revoked even after enrollment. ◦ Applicants who do not meet the Korean-language requirement may apply. Those found academically eligible to study at CAU through document evaluation and eligibility review will be selected for preliminary admission and issued a Certificate of Preliminary Admission. ◦ Applicants will be finally admitted if they meet the Korean-language requirement within two years and reapply to the same admission unit. - For preliminary admission in Spring 2027, the applicant must meet the Korean-language requirement and reapply no later than Spring 2029. - Requirement: TOPIK Level 4 or higher, or completion of Level 4 or higher at the CAU Institute of International Education Korean Language Program ※ The above schedule is subject to change. Any changes will be announced on the Office of International Affairs website. Online Application Submission Applicants who do not meet the Korean language requirements Applicants who meet the Korean language requirements Preliminary Admission Meet the Korean Language Requirement Undergraduate Enrollment Orientation Start Undergraduate ProgramReapply to the same admission unit and Final Admission 1 55 Application & Required Documents Submission (Mail/Visit) Documents Review + Practical Test Admission Result Announcement 2 3 4 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 15 16 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 Spring Semester(March Admission) 1st-Round Undergraduate Admission for International Students ◐ 01. Admission Units Admission Unit Campus Freshman Admission Transfer Admission (2nd and 3rd Year) Practical Test/ Portfolio/ InterviewCollege Department (Major) Humanities Department of Korean Language and Literature Seoul X ○ (3rd Year) Not Conducted School of Korean Language and Literature Korean Language and Literature ○ ○ (2nd Year) Korean Language Education and Korean Culture1 ○ ○ (2nd Year) Department of English Language and Literature ○ ○ School of European Languages and Cultures German Language and Literature ○ ○ French Language and Literature ○ ○ Russian Language and Literature ○ ○ School of Asian Languages and Cultures Japanese Language and Literature ○ ○ Chinese Language and Literature ○ ○ Department of Philosophy ○ ○ Department of History ○ ○ Social Sciences Department of Political Science and International Relations ○ ○ School of Public Service ○ ○ Department of Psychology ○ ○ Department of Library and Information Science ○ ○ School of Social Welfare ○ ○ School of Media and Communication ○ ○ Department of Sociology ○ ○ Department of Urban Planning and Real Estate ○ ○ Natural Sciences Department of Physics ○ ○ Department of Chemistry ○ ○ Department of Life Science ○ ○ Department of Mathematics ○ ○ Engineering Civil Infrastructure Systems Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering ○ ○ Urban Design and Studies ○ ○ School of Architecture and Building Science2 Architecture (5-year Program) ○ X Architectural Engineering (4-year Program) ○ ○ Department of Chemical Engineering ○ ○ School of Mechanical Engineering ○ ○ Creative ICT Engineering School of Electrical and Electronics Engineering Seoul ○ ○ Not Conducted School of Integrative Engineering3 Nano Materials Engineering ○ ○ Biomedical Engineering ○ Software School of Software ○ ○ Business & Economics School of Business Administration Business Administration ○ ○ Department of Economics ○ ○ Department of Applied Statistics ○ ○ School of Advertising and Public Relations Global Advertising and PR1 ○ ○ (2nd Year) Department of International Logistics ○ ○ Medicine School of Medicine ○ X Interview Virtual Convergence Department of Game Convergence1,4 ○ ○ (2nd Year) Not Conducted Biotechnology School of Bioresource and Bioscience Animal Science and Technology Da Vinci (Anseong) ○ ○ Not ConductedIntegrative Plant Science ○ ○ School of Food Science and Technology Food Science and Technology ○ ○ Food and Nutrition ○ ○ Arts School of Performing Arts and Media Theatre (Acting) Seoul ○ ○ In-person Practical TestFilm Studies Photography Da Vinci (Anseong) Dance(Korean/Modern/Ballet) Portfolio School of Design Crafts ○ ○ PortfolioIndustrial Design Visual Communication Design Housing and Interior Design Not ConductedFashion School of Music Composition ○ ○ Portfolio Vocal Music In-person Practical Test Piano Portfolio Orchestral Instruments In-person Practical Test School of Korean Traditional Arts Music Arts ○ ○ Portfolio Performing Arts In-person Practical Test School of Global Arts TV Broadcasting and Entertainment ○ ○ PortfolioApplied Music ○ ○ Game Contents and Animation ○ ○ Sports School of Sport Sciences Life & Leisure Sport/ Sport Industry ○ ○ Portfolio Art and Technology School of Art and Technology ○ X Not Conducted Admission Unit Campus Freshman Admission Transfer Admission (2nd and 3rd Year) Practical Test/ Portfolio/ InterviewCollege Department (Major) 1) International students-only department. 2) The specific major field (Architectural Engineering/Architecture) must be decided in Third year. 3) Students in the School of Integrative Engineering select a specific major when advancing to the second year. 4) Department of Game Convergence: An English proficiency score is mandatory because all classes are taught in English (see p. 17). 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 17 18 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG ◐ 02. Eligibility 1) Nationality Category Eligibility Common Freshman Admission Applicants who have graduated or are expected to graduate from an accredited high school in Korea or abroad, or who are recognized as having equivalent education. ※ Applicants with credentials obtained through online education, a high-school equivalency examination, or self-study degree examinations are not eligible. Second Year Transfer Admission Applicants who have completed or are expected to c omplete at least two semesters (one year) at an accredited four-year university in Korea or abroad; graduates or prospective graduates of an accredited junior college in Korea or abroad; or those recognized as having equivalent education. Third Year Transfer Admission Applicants who have completed or are expected to complete at least four semesters (two years) at an accredited four-year university in Korea or abroad; graduates or prospective graduates of an accredited junior college in Korea or abroad; or those recognized as having equivalent education. 2) Academic Requirements ※ Nationality and academic requirements are common requirements; applicants must satisfy all requirements above. Admission Unit Eligibility All departments (except those listed below) 1. Applicants meeting a Korean-language standard: See the CAU undergraduate Korean-language requirements. 2. Applicants not meeting a Korean-language standard may apply under the Preliminary Admission System. Integrative Engineering TOPIK Level 5 or higher School of Medicine TOPIK Level 6 Game Convergence 1. Submission of an English proficiency score is mandatory. - TOEFL iBT 60 (converted score: 3.5)or higher, or IELTS 5.5 or higher 2. Applicants meeting the exemption criteria are exempt from submitting an English score. - Exemption: Applicants who completed and graduated from the entire regular high-school curriculum in English in a country where English is a native or legally recognized official language, based on information from the Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Housing and Interior Design Major Requires a Korean Language Proficiency Test (TOPIK) level 5 or higher 3) Language Proficiency 1) For tests taken on or before January 20, 2026, the previous score standard of 60 or higher applies. For tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, the standard is 3.5 or higher. ◦ The applicant and both parents must hold foreign nationality as of the application date. ◦ Persons who have lost or renounced Korean nationality are recognized as foreign nationals only when all conditions below are met. 1) Both the applicant and parents must have acquired foreign nationality before the applicant began an educational curriculum equivalent to the Korean high-school curriculum. Documents stating the date of acquisition are required. 2) Both the applicant and parents must have renounced or lost Korean nationality before the applicant began a curriculum equivalent to the Korean high-school curriculum.(Submit a certificate of renunciation/loss stating the details and date.) ◦ An applicant or parent holding multiple nationalities including Korean nationality is not recognized as a foreign national. ◦ If there are special circumstances concerning family relations or nationality (death, divorce, remarriage, unmarried parents, disappearance, etc.) - official supporting documents must be submitted, such as a death certificate, divorce certificate, single-parent certificate, or missing-person certificate. ◐ 03. Evaluation Method ※ Evaluation Methods and Weighting by Admission Unit 1) Evaluation Type 1: Document Evaluation 50% + Interview 50% College Admission Unit Evaluation Method College School of Medicine Document Evaluation + Interview 2) Evaluation Type 2: Document Evaluation 50% + Practical Test 50% College Admission Unit Evaluation Method College of Arts Performing Arts and MediaSchool of Performing Arts and Media Theatre (Acting) Document Evaluation + In-Person Practical Test Film Studies Photography School of Music Vocal Music Orchestral Instruments School of Korean Traditional Arts Performing Arts Performing Arts and Media School Dance Document Evaluation + Portfolio Review School of Design Crafts Visual Communication Design Industrial Design School of Music Composition Piano School of Korean Traditional Arts Music Arts School of Global Arts TV Broadcasting and Entertainment Applied Music Game Contents and Animation College of Sports School of Sport Sciences Life & Leisure Sport/ Sport Industry ◦ School-Violence Records: For applicants currently attending or having graduated from a Korean high school, any school-violence disciplinary record will be considered qualitatively during document evaluation. 3) Evaluation Type 3: All other admission units are evaluated by document review only (100%). ◦ Document Evaluation Criteria Academic ability high-school/ university grades language proficiency Korean, English, etc. global competencies academic diligence, inquiry, initiative, leadership, etc. comprehensively evaluated. 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 19 20 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG ◐ 05. Practical Test Requirements College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Performing Arts Theatre Acting (Acting) ◉ Free (Comprehensive) Acting Acting a scene of the applicant's choice Freely use your talents to deliver a comprehensive performance. ※ If music is needed, applicants must bring the MP3 file in a USB. (Should be less than 2 minutes.) 100% In Person ◉ Interview Applicant's aptitude, knowledge, skills and understanding will be tested. ※ The time of the interview may differ few minutes by applicants depending on their acting performance. (Should be less than 2 minutes.) Film Studies ◉ Story-Making (90 minutes) Using 5 given places, applicants must create a story set in the places. (Places will be presented in a text.) ※ Important Notes - All the 5 places must be used in the story regardless of order. - Any place other than the given 5 places shall not be used (using the same place more than twice is allowed). - Format of the story can be a plot, a novel, or a scene of a scenario. - When writing, specify the place in one line and start the story set in the place from the next line. 100% Photography ◉ Based on his/her portfolio, applicants will be interviewed on their intention behind the pieces and photography techniques they used. - Interview Conducted : size(27.9cm × 35.56cm), 15 pages. ※ No paste-up is needed. Bring an envelope containing only photos. 100% Dance Korea ◉ Perform a dance piece within 3 minutes - Applicants must perform the type of the dance they wish to major in. - Costume: Appropriate attire for the chosen dance major - Applicants must prepare their own music (bring it in a USB in wav or mp3 format) and a costume suitable for the chosen major. ◉ Submission Method: Submit a video for remote evaluation on a USB drive when applying. ** The introduction video must begin with the statement shown in the example below. ** Example) Hello. My name is OOO, and I am applying to the (specific track) in Dance, School of Performing Arts and Media, Chung-Ang University. + Briefly introduce yourself and then begin the practical performance. File name: Specific Major_Application Number_Name 100% PortfolioModern Ballet ◐ 04. Admission Schedule Category 2027 Spring Semester (March Admission), First Round Notes Application Submission 2026.8.31.(Mon) 10:00 ~ 9.18.(Fri) 18:00 1. To be announced on the Office of International Affairs website. 2. Office of International Affairs Website (https://oias.cau.ac.kr/cauoie/index.do) After accessing the website, select Undergraduate Admission > Notices. Document Submission August 31, 2026 (Mon) ~ September 18, 2026 (Fri) 1. See p. 31 for the document submission address. 2. For postal submissions, documents postmarked by the submission deadline are accepted. School of Medicine Interview October 3, 2026 (Sat) Instructions for interviewees will be posted on the OIA website on September 30, 2026 (Wed). Arts and Sports Practical Test 2026.10.10.(Sat) Instructions for examinees will be posted on the OIA website on October 7, 2026 (Wed). Admission Results Announcement 2026.10.30.(Fri) 1. To be announced on the Office of International Affairs website. 2. Office of International Affairs Website (https://oias.cau.ac.kr/cauoie/index.do) After accessing the website, select Undergraduate Admission >Notices. Certificate of Admission Issuance Application During January 2027 1. A notice will be posted on the OIA website during January 2. Office of International Affairs Website (https://oias.cau.ac.kr/cauoie/index.do) After accessing the website, select Undergraduate Admission > Notices. Tuition Payment Pay tuition to the virtual account assigned individually to each admitted applicant. International Students During February 2027 1. The schedule is subject to change; details will be announced later. 2. Expected first day of undergraduate classes: March 2, 2027 (Tue) ※ The above schedule is subject to change. Any changes will be announced on the Office of International Affairs website. 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 21 22 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Design Crafts ◉ Evaluation is based on applicant's portfolio. The portfolio should follow the guidelines below, and systematically exhibit their original projects, which should be no more than twelve (12). 01. The portfolio should be made up of 12 original projects/items at most, including 4 detailed descriptions. 02. The descriptions should include : the process of how the idea led to the final project and how the idea developed your own artistic identity. 03. The size of the portfolio must be A4 (210x297mm). You are free to choose either portrait or landscape mode. 04. When including USB materials, the file format must be saved as "jpg(image files)", "mov(video files)", or"mp3(audio files)". 05. Any included video or audio material must not exceed 2 minutes. 06. A video introduction will take place at the interview. Include a personal statement as well as a video to introduce yourself. Attach a personal statement and a short self-introduction video. - Video must be less than 2 minutes. - Speak directly to the camera. - Introduce yourself in Korean. - The file must be saved in a .mov format. - No special effects or video overlay allowed. 07. If it is discovered that the projects have been plagiarized or made by someone else, the applicant's admission will be canceled even if the applicant has been granted full admission. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% PortfolioIndustrial Design Visual Communication Design College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Music Composition - Two original compositions in free form - One string-quartet composition (three compositions in total) - Submit by email for remote evaluation. - File format: PDF ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 80% Portfolio - Perform a piano piece of the applicant's choice (at least 3 minutes; memorization required in principle.) - Submit a video by email for remote evaluation. - File format: MOV or MP4. ** The introduction video must begin with the statement in the example below. ** Example) "I am 000, applying to the Composition major in the School of Music at Chung-Ang University. The piece I have prepared is … I will begin." ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 20% Vocal Music ◉ Performance 1 (Assigned Repertoire): One German-language art song by a composer listed below W.A.Mozart, F.Schubert, R.Schumann, J.Brahms, R.Strauss, H.Wolf 50% In Person ◉ Performance 2 (Free Choice): One Italian-language art song or opera aria(Arias must be sung in the original language and key, including the recitative; concert arias are not accepted.) 50% Piano - Performance 1: One fast movement from an L. v. Beethoven sonata - Submit a video for remote evaluation on a USB drive when applying. - File format: MOV or MP4. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 50% Portfolio - Performance 2: One étude by F. Chopin, F. Liszt, or S. Rachmaninoff - Submit a video for remote evaluation on a USB drive when applying. - File format: MOV or MP4. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 50% Orchestral Instruments ◉ Orchestral Instruments: Perform one piece of the applicant's choice for approximately 10 minutes, including both slow and fast sections. (Perform both the fast and slow movements.) 100% In Person ◉ Percussion: Perform on both snare drum and marimba for approximately 10 minutes. (Personal instruments may not be brought.) 100% 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 23 24 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Traditional Arts Music Arts Gayageum · Geomungo · Haegeum · Ajaeng · Daegeum · Piri · Instrumental Music · Rhythmic Accompaniment ◉ Major Practical Performance - Gayageum, Geomungo, Haegeum, Ajaeng, Daegeum, Piri, and Instrumental Accompaniment : Select one free-choice piece from sanjo, a contemporary composition, or jeongak (approximately 10 minutes; sanjo must include all rhythmic cycles.) - Submit a video for remote evaluation. - File format: MOV or MP4; resolution: 1920×1080. ** The introduction video must begin with the statement in the example below. ** Example) "I am 000, applying to the Music Arts major in the School of Korean Traditional Arts at Chung-Ang University. The piece I have prepared is … I will begin." ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% Portfolio Composition (Including Applied Music) · Conducting ◉ Major Practical Examination in Composition (Including Applied Music) - Submit a profile (education and performance activities) and a portfolio of three original compositions: scores in PDF and audio in WAV or MP3. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 50% ◉ Common Practical Test for Composition (including Applied Music) - Submit a video performing one free-choice piece on any instrument (including voice) - File format: MOV or MP4. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 50% ◉ Conducting Major Practical - Submit a conducting video of one free-choice piece (approximately 10 minutes.) - Accompaniment may use piano or one or more Korean traditional instruments. Memorization is required in principle, and the submitted video must be a single unedited take. - Film so that the conductor's full body is visible. - File format: MOV or MP4. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% Musicology · Arts Management ◉ Write an essay on a free-choice topic related to Korean music (arts management) - Write approximately 25 manuscript pages with an introduction, body, and conclusion, and submit as a PDF. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Traditional Arts Performing Arts Voice (Pansori · Gayageum · Byeongchang · Folk Song · Jeongga) ◉ Major Practical Performance - One free-choice piece (approximately 5 minutes, unaccompanied) 100% In Person Music Theatre ◉ Major Practical Performance - Comprehensive acting including dance, singing, and dialogue (within 5 minutes) ※ Accompaniment must be provided only as an MP3 file on a USB drive; accompanying performers are not permitted. - One free-choice piece selected from pansori, folk song, contemporary Korean traditional song, or a musical number 100% Voice Rhythmic Accompaniment - Accompany the vocal pieces designated by the university (pansori or folk song) 100% Percussion (Standing and seated pungmul· Shamanic Music Rhythmic Accompaniment· World Percussion) ◉ Major Practical Performance - One free-choice piece on any instrument (approximately 5 minutes, unaccompanied) 100% 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 25 26 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Global Arts TV Broadcasting and Ent rtainment ◉ Self-Introduction Video 01. Contents: Please provide only the major and name you applied for, and then proceed to discuss explanations specifically related to the portfolio you submitted. (This should include details about the production intention of the work, your role, your efforts in fulfilling that role, the production process, and the motivations behind the production.) ** The introduction video must begin with the statement in the example below. ** Example) "This is [Your Name] who has applied for the TV Broadcasting and Entertainment major at the Department of Global Arts at Chung-Ang University. In my portfolio, I will be showcasing..." 02. Video length: within 90 seconds 03. File format: MOV or MP4; resolution: 1920×1080. 04. Note - For self-introduction, you are welcome to use a foreign language in the video. However, please ensure that you provide a Korean translation or include Korean subtitles in the video. - Do not mention your motivation for applying, family relationships, or desired career after graduation in the self-introduction. Points may be deducted if mentioned. - Use a fixed camera in 16:9 landscape orientation and frame the applicant's upper body n a frontal bust shot. ◉ Portfolio (Submit at least one and no more than two works, regardless of genre.) 01. Videos may be live-action, animation, CGI, or any other format. However, photographs and drawings are not accepted as portfolio works. 02. A wide range of video genres is accepted, including short films, web dramas, short-form videos, and performance/appearance videos. Submit a work that best demonstrates your role or abilities. (For performance work, edit to no more than 5 minutes before submission.) 03. The applicant's role must be clearly indicated in the video credits using Korean or English subtitles. 04. Acting applicants must submit a solo-monologue video featuring themselves. Record with a fixed camera in a 16:9 aspect ratio and structure the performance using appropriate movement. The video must be no longer than 1 minute 30 seconds; Korean subtitles are required when performing in a foreign language. 05. Applicants submitting a screenplay must also submit a project statement/synopsis of no more than one page. Only work completed solely by the applicant will be accepted. ◉ Note: In the case of a portfolio, if a work is produced on behalf of another person or if plagiarism of another person's work is discovered, the admission will be revoked even after the admission decision has been made. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% Portfolio College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Global Arts Applied Music ◉ Self introduction : Please attach a cover letter along with a brief video introducing yourself. 01. Contents: In your application, please introduce your desired major and provide explanations related to the portfolio you have submitted. This should include your motivation for applying, what you hope to learn during your time at school, your envisioned career path after graduation, as well as explanations pertaining to your portfolio or your role in the submitted work. 02. Video length : minimum 30 seconds, maximum 90 seconds 03. File format: MOV or MP4 04. Note 1) For the video self-introduction, please use Korean. If you are submitting documents in languages other than Korean, make sure to include translated versions of those documents. 2) Address the camera directly by beginning with your name and providing a self-introduction. ◉ Portfolio 01. Playing an instrument: A video of the applicant personally playing drums, bass, guitar, piano, a string instrument, or a brass instrument. 02. Singing: A video of yourself singing 03. For singing submissions, only works without Auto-Tune are a ccepted. Audio processed with Auto-Tune will not be recognized. 04. Composition & arrangement; Video material that includes the work process. * Length of video: Submit a video of about 2 minutes each * The accepted file formats are MOV or MP4 for videos, and MP3 for sound sources. * A portfolio may consist of a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 3 works. ◉ Note: If a portfolio includes work produced on behalf of another person or plagiarized content is identified, the admission will be revoked even after the admission decision has been made. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% Portfolio 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 27 28 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Arts School of Global Arts Game Contents · Animations ◉ Self-introduction 01. Content: Video interview - motivation for applying and desired career path - Software the applicant can use and programs the applicant hopes to study - Detailed description of your portfolio 02. Video length: up to 90 seconds 03. File format: MOV or MP4 04. Important Notes - Speak directly to the camera. - Speak to the camera directly. - Provide a comprehensive description of yourself and your work, including intricate details. - Highlight the primary graphic programs and programming languages you have utilized, if applicable.. - Please use Korean for your presentation. If languages other than Korean are used, ensure to provide translation documents alongside the submission. ◉ Portfolio 01. Submission Format 1) Up to 20 images of works personally created by the applicant (submit as one PDF) 2) Up to 3 videos of works personally created by the applicant (submit as one MP4) 02. Contents 1) Game - Character (design, modeling, rigging, concept art, etc) - Environment (level design, modeling, lighting, texturing, etc) - Technical (shader, particle, graphic) - VFX (fluid, environment, physics, etc) 2) Animations - 2D/3D animation (rigging, character, animation, etc) - Cinematic (previz, camera work, etc) - Concept (sketch, character, visual development) - UI/UX (interface, UX design, UI animation) 3) Interaction - VR/AR/MR/XR(interaction, tracking, sensor) - Mapping (projection, media façade, interactive performance) ※ Submit freely works that correspond to the 3 items above. ※ Ensure that the <title / production date / software used> are clearly indicated in the bottom right corner of each portfolio. e.g) Into the new universe / 2024 / Unreal Engine 5. ◉ Notes 01. It is recommended to provide composition that outline potential idea generation - creation processes - completion. 02. For interactive and installation works, submit a video of the installed work. 03. Use of AI requires conditional individual approval. 04. If a work is produced by another person or plagiarism is discovered, admission will be revoked even after enrollment. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% Portfolio College Admission Unit Practical Test Requirements Weight In Person/ Portfolio Sports Sport Sciences Life · Leisure Sport/ Sport Industry ◉ The portfolio should contain following contents. 01. Self Introduction: A brief essay of self introduction 02. Physical Activity: Physical activities done in middle school, high school, or sports clubs and your future plans and goals 03. Achievements in Physical Activities - Proofs of P.E. activities in middle school or high school and winning prizes - Proofs and certificates of sport activities as an athlete in various regional sport events. *If the portfolio content or supporting evidence is false, admission will be revoked even after enrollment. *Submit Korean translations of the portfolio and supporting documents. ※ The Portfolio must be submitted together with your admissions documents. Once submitted, no other practical tests will be conducted. 100% Portfolio 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 29 30 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG No. Required Documents Freshman Admission Transfer Admission Translation notarization Reference 1 An Application form ○ ○ - Print out after making online application 2 A certificate of (expected) graduation from high school ○ ○ - The translation notarization must be dated within 3 months of the document submission date. 3 A high school academic transcript ※ Specific GPA on a basic 100 point grade scale basis or specify the original grade scale indicate the grading scale. ○ ○ 4 Korean High School Student Record (School Life Record II or the version for university admissions) If Applicable If Applicable - Submit if the applicant has ever attended or graduated from a high school in Korea. 5 Certificate of University Enrollment ○ ○ - The translation notarization must be dated within 3 months of the document submission date. 6 University Transcript ※ State the credits required for graduation and GPA percentage (if a percentage cannot be provided, if a percentage GPA cannot be stated, indicate the maximum grading scale.) ○ ○ - The translation notarization must be dated within 3 months of the document submission date. 7 University (Expected) Graduation Certificate ○ ○ 8 Government-Issued Certificate of Relationship Between the Applicant and Parents (Documents proving the nationality and parent-child relationship of the applicant and parents) Example) ※ Chinese nationals: Submit a notarized copy of the family relationship certificate. ※ Japanese nationals: Full family register certificate ※ U.S. nationals: Birth certificate, etc. ○ ○ ○ - The translation notarization must be dated within 3 months of the document submission date. 9 Other Family-Relationship Documents (If there are special circumstances regarding family relationships) Example) Death certificate, divorce certificate, single-parent certificate, missing-person certificate, etc. If Applicable If Applicable If Applicable 10 Copies of Identification Documents (Applicant, Father, Mother) ○ ○ - Government-issued identification from the home country that verifies nationality and identity, etc. 11 Copy of Applicant's Passport ○ ○ 12 Copy of Applicant's Alien Registration Card (front and back) Certificate Holder Certificate Holder 13 Korean Family Relationship Certificate and Certificate of Renunciation/Loss of Korean Nationality If Applicable If Applicable - Persons who acquired foreign nationality after renouncing Korean nationality HolderEvidence of Acquisition of Foreign Nationality If Applicable If Applicable 14 Adoption Certificate and Evidence of Foreign Nationality Acquisition (date required) If Applicable If Applicable - Persons who acquired foreign nationality after adoptionConfirmation of Declaration of Renunciation of Korean Nationality 15 Official Language Test Score Report (TOEIC, TOEFL, IELTS, JLPT, HSK) Certificate Holder Certificate Holder - Only scores valid as of the application date are accepted. - Scores for the applicant's native l anguage are not accepted. ◐ 06. Online Application ◐ 08. List of Required Documents ※ For postal submissions, documents postmarked by the application deadline are accepted. 1) Online application period: August 31, 2026 (Mon) 10:00 - September 18, 2026 (Fri) 18:00 2) Application Method 3) Second-Choice Application Process 2) Application Fee for Preliminarily Admitted Applicants 3) Important Note: Applications cannot be canceled and application fees are non-refundable after the application period. 1) International Student Admission Application Fee ◐ 07. Application Fee College First-Choice Application Fee Second-Choice Application Fee College of Humanities | College of Social Scienes | College of Natural Sciences College of Engineering | College of ICT Engineerig | College of Software College of Business & Economics | College of Virtual Convergence College of Biotechnoogy & Natural Resources College of Arts (Housing and Interior Design, Fashion) | College of Arts ad Technology KRW 150,000 KRW 60,000 College of Medicine KRW 150,000 Not Applicable College of Arts | College of Sport Sciences KRW 200,000 Not Applicable ※ Important Notes for Online Application ◦ Applicants who wish to apply for a second choce must first complete and pay for the first choice application. Then, select and complete the application for the second choice and proceed with payment for the second choice fee ◦ Applicants are responsible for all disadvantages caused by inaccurate, careless, omitted, or incomplete information and missing required documents. Fill in and save the Application Form Pay Application Fee Print out your application form and test ID slip Submit Documents Enter required information for the application and save Alipay, Credit Card, Account Transfer etc. - Submit documents by Post or in person Access the application website Select Application submission Check out the notifications OIA Homepage (https://oias.cau.ac.kr/cauoie/index.do) Check out the admission schedule, application fee and notifications Category Application Fee Reapplication by a Preliminarily admitted applicant to the same admission unit KRW 30,000 Online Application (1st Choice) Online Application (2st Choice)Application Fee Payment Application Fee Payment 1 2 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 31 32 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG Korean Language Proficiency Requirements and Preliminary Admission System ◐ 09. Document Submission ◐ 02. Preliminary Admission Process ◐ 03. Important Notes for Preliminarily Admitted Applicants ※ Important Notes for Submission ◦ All documents must be submitted as originals. ◦ Postal submissions postmarked by the deadline are accepted. ◦ Diplomas or graduation certificates for which additional copies cannot be obtained can be submitted for verification against the originals by the Office of International Affairs. ◦ Documents not written in Korean or English must be submitted with notarized translations in Korean or English. (Supplemental documents for extracurricular activities do not need to be notarised; submitting the translation only is acceptable.) ◦ Multiple applicants must print both the first- and second-choice application forms and submit them with one set of admission documents. ◦ After completing the online application print and attach the mailing cover page to the envelope when sending your documents. ◦ If the names on the submitted documents are different you must submit a legal certificate issued by the court in your country proving the names belong to the same person. ◦ Submitted documents will not be returned under any circumstances. ◦ Applicants may be excluded from evaluation if application information is false or incomplete. ◦ For preliminary-admission applicants, documents other than academic records, portfolios, and evidence of other activities-including family-relationship and language-proficiency documents-must be reissued within three months before the document-submission date and resubmitted when reapplying. 1) Submission period : August 31, 2026 (Mon) - September 18, 2026 (Fri) 2) Submission Address ◦ Among applicants who do not meet the Korean-language requirement, those deemed qualified to study at CAU through document evaluation and eligibility review will be selected for preliminary admission and issued a Certificate of Preliminary Admission. ◦ Preliminary admitted applicants will be finally admitted if they satisfy the Korean language proficiency requirement for undergraduate study and reapply to the same admission unit within two years. Example) If preliminarily admitted in Spring 2027, the applicant must meet the Korean-language requirement and apply no later than Spring 2029. ◦ Final admission will not be granted if the applicant becomes ineligible at the time of reapplication. ◦ Preliminary admission will be canceled if the applicant applies to an admission unit other than the original one. Korean address 서울특별시 동작구 흑석로 84 중앙대학교 100주년 기념관(310관) 2층, 210호 국제처 (06974) English address Office of International Affairs, Room#210, Building#310, Chung-Ang University, 84 Heukseok-Ro, Dongjak-Gu, Seoul, Korea (06974) Phone +82-2-820-6575, 6124 E-mail ba@cau.ac.kr Website https://oias.cau.ac.kr/cauoie/index.do Korean Language Proficiency Requirements Notes TOPIK Level 4 or higher - TOPIK 3 or higher for Design department/Global School of Arts (Applied Music and Game Contents & Animation: TOPIK Level 3 or higher) CAU Institute of International Education Korean Language Program Completion of Level 4 or higher An IEQAS-Certified University in Korea Completion of Korean Language Program Level 5 or higher - Universities certified under the 2025 IEQAS assessment are recognized. - See the list of IEQAS-certified universities on p. 37. - Applies only at the time of admission. Completion of King Sejong Institute Korean Intermediate Level 2 or higher - Applies only at the time of admission. Graduates (or Prospective Graduates) of High Schools Located in Korea - Applicants who completed the full three-year curriculum and graduated (or are expected to graduate) from a high school in Korea and are deemed to possess Korean proficiency equivalent to a TOPIK holder (excluding foreign schools in Korea). ◐ 01. Korean Language Requirements for Undergraduate Enrollment at CAU ※ Applicants to the English-track Department of Game Convergence must meet the English-language requirement (see p. 17). Korean Language Proficiency Requirements Applicant 1 No. Required Documents Freshman Admission Transfer Admission Translation notarization Reference 16 TOPIK Certificate or Korean Language Certificate of Completion of a Korean-Language Program Certificate Holder Certificate Holder - Only scores valid as of the application date are accepted. 17 English Proficiency Test Score (Department of Game Convergence) Certificate Holder Certificate Holder - TOEFL iBT 60 (converted score 3.5) or higher, or IELTS 5.5 or higher - See p. 17. 18 Portfolio If Applicable If Applicable - Required for applicants to the applicable admission units. - See pp. 19-28. 19 Personal Statement and Study Plan If Applicable If Applicable - Required for applicants to the School of Medicine, College of Medicine. - Refer to [Form 2] on p. 38. 20 Supporting Documents for Other Activities Certificate Holder Certificate Holder Translation required: O Notarization required: X - Freshman admissions: Submission of supplementary documents detailing activities undertaken during attendance at high school. -Transfer admissions: Submission of supplementary documents detailing activities undertaken during attendance at college or university. -Supplement documents showing academic achievements and volunteering activities linked to the major. * A proof for your final education Final admitted applicants must submit the documents by referring to pp. 35-36. ※ ○: Required Documents for All Applicants "Preliminarily Admitted Applicant" Selection 2 Korean Language Proficiency Requirement Same Admission Unit Reapply 3 4 Finally Admitted Applicant Selection 5 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 33 34 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG Scholarships for International Students ◐ 01. Admission Scholarships (New Students) ※ Multiple benefits of scholarships are allowed within the tuition fee limit. ※ Scholarship-related documents (TOPIK score reports and CAU Language Institute completion certificates) are valid only if submitted by December 24, 2026 (Thu). ※ Students admitted to the School of Medicine are excluded from the scholarships above. ◐ 02. Merit Scholarships (Enrolled Students) Scholarship Conditions Benefit Scholarship Duration The Students whose GPA for the previous semester was 4.3 or higher 100% reduction in tuition Until the standard length of the program The Students whose GPA for the previous semester was 4.0 or higher 50% reduction in tuition The Students whose GPA for the previous semester was 3.7 or higher 30% reduction in tuition The Students whose GPA for the previous semester was 3.2 or higher 20% reduction in tuition Completed Level 4 Korean LanguageCourse at the CAU Institute of International Education reduction in tuition TOPIK Level 5 TOPIK Completed Level 5 or Higher Korean LanguageCourse at the CAU Institute of International Education Completed Level 5 or Higher Language Education Center at other universities Registration Information for Admitted Applicants ◐ 01. Registration ◐ 03. Important Notes for Admitted Students ◐ 02. Tuition Table (Based on the 2026 Academic Year) ※ Tuition for the 2027 academic year has not yet been determined. 1) Detailed information on tuition payment and registration will be announced on the Office of International Affairs website during January 2027. 2) Additional registration or admission may be conducted if necessary, depending on registration results. College Newly Admitted Students Current Students Humanities College ㅣ Social Sciences College ㅣ Business & Economics College KRW 5,320,000 KRW 5,124,000 Natural Sciences College ㅣ Biotechnology College KRW 6,166,000 KRW 5,970,000 Engineering College ㅣ Creative ICT Engineering College ㅣ Software College Art and Technology College ㅣ Virtual Convergence College KRW 6,993,000 KRW 6,797,000 College of Medicine KRW 8,468,000 KRW 8,272,000 College of Arts School of Design ㅣ School of Global Arts School of Performing Arts and Media(Photography, Dance) KRW 7,039,000 KRW 6,843,000 School of Music ㅣ School of Korean Traditional Arts KRW 7,259,000 KRW 7,063,000 School of Performing Arts and Media(Theatre, Film) KRW 7,103,000 KRW 6,907,000 College of Sports KRW 6,335,000 KRW 6,139,000 ※ Tuition is subject to change in accordance with university regulations. ◦ Applicants registered at CAU may not register simultaneously at another university and must ultimately register at only one institution after withdrawing from any other registration. ◦ Applicants who wish to cancel registration after admission and payment will receive a tuition refund in accordance with CAU regulations. ※ In case of losing foreign nationality (and acquiring Korean nationality), the student will no longer be eligible for this scholarship. ※ The scholarship standard is subject to change according to relevant laws and policies. ◐ 03. Family Scholarship (New and Enrolled Students) ◦ Eligibility: When two or more immediate family members are enrolled in or on leave from CAU undergraduate programs, one currently enrolled student is eligible. ◦ Benefit: 35% tuition reduction ◦ Eligibility Requirements 1) At least 12 credits completed in the previous semester (8 credits in the final semester of the standard program period) 2) GPA of 2.5/4.5 or higher ◦ Period: Through the standard program duration ◦ New students who wish to apply should refer to the separate notice issued after enrollment. 50% reduction in tuition 30% reduction in tuition 50% reduction in tuition 30% reduction in tuition TOPIK TOPIK Level 6 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 35 36 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG Documents Required for D-2 Visa Issuance ◐ 01. Proof of Financial Ability: Bank Balance Certificate ◐ 03. Authentication Methods by Type of Final Academic Document Category Details Documents Bank-balance certificate in the name of the applicant or a parent Issuance Requirements Original document issued within 30 days before the visa issuance/change application date Submission Period Only admitted students need to submit during the given COA application period ※ Do not submit with admission documents Number of Copies 1 copy, Submission to University Required Deposit Amount KRW 20,000,000 / USD 14,000 / CNY 100,000 / VND 370,000,000 or more Validity Period (Bank located in China) For certificates issued by banks in China, the balance must remain frozen until after March 31, 2027. Important Notes ◦ The submission criteria are subject to change depending on the change in the guidelines of the Immigration Office. ◦ Student can submit Bank balance certificate by Korean Bank, if they apply for their visa change in Korea. ◦ Immigration offices or visa-issuing authorities may request additional documents proving financial ability. ◦ The acceptance of the submitted balance statement may be subject to interpretation by the Immigration Department of the Ministry of Justice. ◦ Notes on bank-balance certificates issued by banks in China (avoid regional and small or medium-sized banks) - The certificate issuance date and the deposit date must be the same. - The certificate expiration date and the deposit maturity date (unfreezing date) must be the same. - Bank-balance certificates that can be interpreted as allowing withdrawal at any time are not accepted. ※ Applicants who obtained their academic degree in Korea: Submit a graduation certificate issued by the Korean high school or university; separate notarization is not required. ※ Prospective graduates who complete all required curricula at Japanese educational institutions must submit final academic proof by March 31, 2027. Academic Authentication Documents Academic Background Documents China (Applicants who obtained academic credentials/degrees in China) Outside China Apostille Convention Country Apostille NonConvention Country High School Graduation Certificate ◉ Academic High School: Need to submit the degree report issued by the certification center owned by the Chinese government Verification Report (Issuing agency: www.chsi.com.cn) ◉ Vocational High School: Choose one of the following ◉ Other recognized high-school-equivalent institutions: School-issued graduation certificate + Apostille-authenticated document ※ A copy of the establishment permit (Public Institution Legal Person Certificate or Private School Operation Permit) (民办学校办学许可证)Copy Submission Required (Only formal academic-education programs are recognized; notarization is not required.) Apostille Countries (Apostille) Verification Document Country of Issuance Korean Consulate "Consular Authentication" Submit Documents Four-Year University Enrollment (Completion) Certificate Academic/Degree Verification Report issued by the Chinese Ministry of Education (Issuing agency: www.chsi.com.cn)Four-Year University/ Junior College Graduation Certificate Regular Specialized Secondary Schools (普通中专) ① Issued Online i ) Graduation certificate issued by the local education authority*: Apostille-Authenticated Document * Accepted only when authenticity can be verified online. ② Issued Offline: Certificate of School Information (reference form) i ) Graduation certificate issued by the local education authority: Apostille required ii ) School-issued graduation certificate: Verification by the provincial education authority Verification by the municipal education bureau + Apostille authentication * In directly administered municipalities (Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, and Tianjin), the official name of the education authority is "Education Commission." Vocational High Schools (职业高中) Adult Specialized Secondary Schools (成人中专) Skilled Workers Schools (技工学校) Official Website of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security(http://www.mohrss.gov.cn/) Online verification copy + Apostille-authenticated document * Accepted only when authenticity can be verified online. ※ Important Notes on Submitting Authenticated Academic Documents ◦ Prospective graduates must submit authenticated graduation-related academic documents before enrollment after graduation. ◦ Failure to submit authenticated academic documents may result in cancellation of admission. ◦ The requirements above are subject to change in accordance with guidelines of the Korean Ministry of Education and Ministry of Justice. ◐ 02. Documents Verifying Final Academic Background: Academic Authentication Documents ※ For the certificates above, refer to the authentication method for each academic document below. Final Academic Background Documents High School Graduation Certificate Four-Year University Certificate of Enrollment (Completion) Certificate of Graduation from University/ Junior College High School Graduated V Four-year University Currently enrolled V V Four-year University/ Junior College Graduated V 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 37 38 2027 CHUNG-ANG 2027 CHUNG-ANG List of Universities Certified for Korean Language Training under the 2025 IEQAS Assessment (123 Universities) ◐ 01. Certification Period: March 1, 2026 - February 28, 2027 가천대학교 가톨릭대학교 강원대학교 건국대학교 건양대학교 경기대학교 경남대학교 경동대학교 경북대학교 경상국립대학교 경성대학교 경운대학교 경일대학교 경희대학교 계명대학교 고려대학교 고려대학교(세종) 광운대학교 광주대학교 국립강릉원주대학교 국립경국대학교 국립공주대학교 국립군산대학교 국립부경대학교 국립순천대학교 국립창원대학교 국립한국교통대학교 국립한밭대학교 국민대학교 나사렛대학교 남서울대학교 대구가톨릭대학교 대구대학교 대신대학교 대전대학교 덕성여자대학교 동국대학교 동국대학교(WISE) 동명대학교 동서대학교 동아대학교 명지대학교 목원대학교 배재대학교 백석대학교 부산대학교 부산외국어대학교 삼육대학교 서강대학교 서경대학교 서울과학기술대학교 서울대학교 서울시립대학교 서울신학대학교 서울여자대학교 선문대학교 단국대학교 성결대학교 성균관대학교 성신여자대학교 세명대학교 세종대학교 숙명여자대학교 순천향대학교 숭실대학교 신라대학교 신한대학교 아주대학교 연세대학교 연세대학교(미래) 영남대학교 영산대학교 우송대학교 울산대학교 원광대학교 위덕대학교 이화여자대학교 인제대학교 인천대학교 인하대학교 전남대학교 전북대학교 제주대학교 조선대학교 중부대학교 중앙대학교 창신대학교 청주대학교 충남대학교 충북대학교 평택대학교 한국기술교육대학교 한국성서대학교 한국외국어대학교 한남대학교 한서대학교 한성대학교 한양대학교 한양대학교(ERICA) 호서대학교 홍익대학교 1) Universities(101 Universities) 경남정보대학교 경복대학교 경인여자대학교 동의과학대학교 동원대학교 명지전문대학 부산과학기술대학교 부천대학교 안산대학교 영남이공대학교 영진전문대학교 오산대학교 용인예술과학대학교 울산과학대학교 원광보건대학교 인덕대학교 전북과학대학교 제주한라대학교 한국영상대학교 한양여자대학교 2) Junior College(20 Junior Colleges) 국제언어대학원대학교 선학유피대학원대학교 3) Graduate School(2 Universities) CHUNG-ANG UNIVERSITY Contact List 중앙으로 놀러와! Seoul Campus Dormitory •Dormitory I 02-820-6672 •Academic inquiries College of HumanitiesI 02-820-5046/5047 College of Social Sciences I 02-820-5077 College of Natural Sciences I 02-820-5186/5184 College of EngineeringI 02-820-5247/5248 College of ICT Engineering I 02-820-5251/5252 College of Software I 02-820-5251/5252 College of Business & Economics I 02-820-5526/5532 College of Medicine I 02-820-5637 College of Arts I 02-820-5774 College of Virtual Convergence I 02-881-7303 Common •Registration Finance and Accounting Team I 02-820-6072~7 •Scholarship for enrolled students ※ For inquiries regarding the new students Scholarship, please contact the OIA (02-820-6575) Academic Support TeamI Refer to the university website. •International affairs and residency Office of International Affairs I 02-820-6360 •Engineering accreditation Engineering education innovation center I 02-820-6558/6555 •Academic Affairs team I 02-820-6032/6033/6034 I 02-820-6037/6040 Da Vinci Campus Dormitory •Dormitory I 031-670-3482 •Academic inquiries College of Biotechnology and Natural I 031-670-3016/3017 College of Arts I 031-670-3071/3328 College of Sports I 031-670-4523 College of Arts and Technology I 031-670-3182 •Da Vinci Campus commuting related Transportation information www.cau.ac.kr/cms/FR_CON/index.do?MENU_ID=290# University WebsiteSCAN THE QR · University Website · ENJOY LIFE CAUAT Al Innovation Next GenerationGlobal Leader To make every day at Chung-Ang University more enjoyable and comfortable, check out everything at a glance - the main campus phone number, dormitory information, and directions to campus. From the very first moment you step onto campus, we hope your university life begins with excitement. For more details, please scan the QR code. Enjoy Your Campus Life! 2027학년도 3월 입학 순수외국인전형 모집요강 42 Dormitory admission qualifications and selection methods are based on dormitory regulations. Dormitory fees and accommodation capacity are based on 2026 standards and may change Refer to the dormitory website's notice board for all matters related to dormitory application and selection Application method | Check the announcement from the International Office Website in January, then apply on the dormitory website (http://dormitory.cau.ac.kr). Selection criteria | Selected in order of admission scores For your inquiries | Seoul Campus Dormitory 02) 820-6672 ◐ Accommodation Capacity and Fees disabled people room M 12 beds, F 12 beds ◐ Welfare facilities ◐ Dormitory cafeteria ㆍWired/Wireless LAN installation in each room ㆍSeminar room, PC lounge, multi-function printer, rest area, laundry room, etc. ㆍDormitory cafeteria, fitness room, convenience store, cafe, etc. ㆍDormitory cafeteria (BlueMir Hall 308, 309): Korean, Western, Chinese food 2 people room 4 people room Total 2,364 beds M 1,010beds F 1,142beds M 84beds F 104beds 16 weeks (during the semester) KRW 1,366,400 KRW 952,000 8 weeks (during the vacation) KRW 683,200 KRW 476,000 Short-term KRW 15,000 KRW 10,500 ※ Dormitory fees are based on the 2026 academic year (Dormitory fees for the 2027 academic year are subject to change.) DORMITORY INFORMATION Seoul Campus Dormitory BlueMir Hall building 308 · building 309 2,364 beds Enjoy a safe and convenient dormitory life Total 1-person room 2-person room ◐ Accommodation Capacity and Fees 16 weeks 8 weeks (during the semester) (during vacation) ※ Dormitory fees are based on the 2026 academic year (Dormitory fees for the 2027 academic year are subject to change.) ◐ Welfare facilities ㆍComputer lab, reading room, team project room, laundry room, etc. in the dormitory ㆍRest area equipped with facilities such as satellite TV, vending machines and microwave ovens ㆍWired/Wireless LAN installation in each room ㆍGYM, multi purpose training room, badminton court, liberal arts lecture room, etc. M 612 beds Yeji building 2 KRW 1,280,000 KRW 899,000 Yeji building 3 - KRW 982,000 F 1,332 beds Yeji building 1 KRW 1,280,000 KRW 899,000 Myeongdeok building 1 and 2 - KRW 899,000 Myeongdeok building 3 - KRW 951,000 Building 708 (welfare building) KRW 1,437,000 male / female KRW 14,000 / Number of days KRW 11,000 / Number of days DORMITORY INFORMATION 2027학년도 3월 입학 순수외국인전형 모집요강 44 1-person room 2/3-person room Qualifications and selection methods for entering the living center shall be in accordance with the living center regulations The cost of living and accommodation are based on the 2026 school year and are subject to change For all matters related to the application for admission, refer to the notice on the website of the dormitory (http://dorm.cau.ac.kr) Application method | Check the announcement from the International Office Website in January then apply on the dormitory website (https://dorm.cau.ac.kr). Selection criteria | Selected in order of admission scores Contact | Da Vinci Campus Living Center 031) 670-3482 Da Vinci Campus Dormitory Yeji buildings Myeongdeok buildings 1~3 1~3 1,944 beds Enjoy a safe and convenient dormitory life * Excluding athlete dormitories and other dormitory accommodation capacity Total A E B C D 605 607 606 608 603 602 601 609 701 611 610 702 703 704 706 705708707 802 803 804805 806 807 809 808 801 901 903 902 904 906 908 907 811 810 812 813 F A Floating stage 601 Faculty and Staff Building 1701 Yeji 1-dong 803 Sculpture Center 2 813 University Church B Main Stadium 602 Faculty and Staff Building 2702 Yeji 2-dong 804 Sculpture Center 1 901 Main Building C Tennis Court 603 Faculty and Staff Building 3703 Yeji 3-dong 805 Performance Video Center 1902 Central Library D Golf Course 605 Music Building 1 704 Myeongdeok 1-dong 806 Performance Video Center 2903 Platform E Soccer Field 606 Music Building 2 705 Myeongdeok 2-dong 807 Craft Center 904 Biotechnology Building 2 F Baseball Field 607 Youngshin Music Building 706 Myeongdeok 3-dong 808 Sculpture Center 906 Entrepreneurship Incubation Center 2 608 Korean Music Building 707 Student Welfare Center 809 Biotechnology Center 1 907 Surim Gymnasium 609 Industry Academic Cooperation Building 708 Life Welfare Center 810 Circular Center 908 Gymnasium (Basketball Court) 610 Student Welfare Building 801 Central Cultural Center 811 Entrepreneurship Incubation Center 1 611 Students' Center 802 Faculty Research Center 812 Athletes' Dormitory University WebsiteSCAN THE QR Da Vinci Campus CAMPUS MAP 경기도 안성시 대덕면 서동대로 4726 Seoul Campus CAMPUS MAP 서울특별시 동작구 흑석로 84 102 103 108 105 104 101 107 106 204 201 202 203 303 304 208207 209 308 309 310 302 305 301 307 E D B C A A Aff. Kindergarten 101 Yeongsin Hall 201 Main Building 302 Graduate School B Aff. Elementary School 102 College of Pharmacy and R&D Center202 Computer Information Center 303 Law Building C Aff. Middle School 103 Pfeiffer Hall 203 Seorabeol Hall 304 Media Performance Video Center D CAU Hospital 104 Surim Science Hall 204 Central Library 305 Faculty Research Building and Gymnasium E Future House 105 Medical Science Building 1 207 Bobst Hall 307 Global House 106 Medical Science Building 2 208 2nd Engineering Building 308 Bloomie Hall 308 107 Student Center 209 Entrepreneurship Incubation Center309 Bloomie Hall 309 108 108 Hall 301 Central Cultural Arts Center 310 Centennial Memorial Hall/ International Affairs Office University WebsiteSCAN THE QR 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 47 48 한눈에 보는 2027학년도 전형 방법 2027 CHUNG-ANG Part. 1 한눈에 보는 2027학년도 전형방법 2027 CHUNG-ANG 학교 정보 확인서 学校信息确认书 유학생 인적사항 留学生 个人信息 성 명 姓 名 생년월일 出生日期 국 적 国 籍 여권번호 护照号码 진학 예정 대학 拟入学大学名称 전공명 专业名称 전화번호 联系电话 e-mail 电子邮箱 학교정보 学校信息 졸업학교명 (졸업일) 毕业学校名称 （毕业日期） (졸업일 毕业日期 :20 . . .) 학교유형 学校类型 보통중등전문학교 普通中专 ( ) 성인중등전문학교 成人中专 ( ) 직업고등학교 职业高中 ( ) 기타 其他( ) 교육과정 教育种类 고등학교 학력과정 高中阶段学历教育 ( ) 고등학교 비학력과정 高中阶段非学历教育 ( ) ※ 비학력 과정의 경우 유학비자 발급 불가 非学历教育学生不能获得韩国留学签证 소재지 学校地址 전화번호 学校电话 홈페이지 学校官网 교직원 연락정보 教职工 联系信息 소속 및 직위 所属部门及职位 성 명 姓 名 (인 또는 서명) (盖章或签名) 전화번호 联系电话 본인은 상기 학교 정보 등 기재 내용이 사실과 다름없음을 서약하며, 허위 사실 기재 시 대한민국 법령에 따라 처벌받을 수 있음을 확인합니다. 本人保证，以上所填写的学校信息等内容均属实。本人理解，以上信息如有虚假， 可能会受到韩国相关法律法规的处罚。特此确认。 20 . . . 유학생 본인 留学生本人 (서명 签名 ) * 2부 작성 후 교육기관 및 재외공관에 각각 제출 本确认书需要一式两份。一份交拟入学大学，一份交韩国驻外使领馆。 (Form 1) Certificate of School Information for Chinese Secondary Vocational Schools 학교 정보 확인서 (Form 2) Personal Statement for School of Medicine Applicants ※ 한국어로 작성 의학부 자기소개 및 학업계획서 년 월 일 수험번호: 성명: (서명) 1. 자기소개 2. 중앙대학교 입학 후 학업계획 3. 특별활동경험 - 국제기구, 공공기관 등에서 특별한 활동 경력이 있는 경우 구체적으로 작성 (※증빙서류 첨부) 자기소개 및 학업계획서 본 자기소개서는 견본이며, 온라인 원서접수 시 안내에 따라 해당 페이지에서 온라인 작성 및 제출해주시기 바랍니다. SAMPLE 2027학년도 3월 입학 순수외국인전형 모집요강 2027학년도 3월 입학 순수외국인전형 모집요강 with CHUNG-ANG UNIV.2027 Spring Semester Undergraduate Admission Guide 서울특별시 동작구 흑석로 84 중앙대학교 310관 210호 국제처 국제교육지원팀 TEL. +82-2-820-6575, 6123, 6124 | E-MAIL. ba@cau.ac.kr | http://oia.cau.ac.kr This admission guide is available in Korean and other languages. In the event of any discrepancy between the Korean version and a translated version, the Korean version shall prevail.