Screen reader Accessible version KZ RU EN Applicants For students Faculties Anti-corruption Compliance Service Sustainable Development Contacts KZ RU EN Applicants For foreign citizens For foreign citizens Interview results Scholarship programs "Kultegin" and "Gumilyov" for foreign students For foreign citizens Bachelor BACHELOR'S DEGREE What documents are needed for admission? Submission of documents - from March 1 to March 31 / June 15-July 25 Online interview - April 6 - 10 / July 14 - 26 Contract conclusion, payment, and enrollment: before August 28 Review and prepare the list of required documents for submission to the Admissions Committee. The documents for the interview are submitted in two ways: Offline (traditional) format Visit Admission Committee at Kazhymukan Street, 13A, Astana city, in the order of the electronic queue and provide documents. Online format Register in AIS Platonus, module «Applicant» - «Application for an interview» https://edu.enu.kz/registration.html The list of required documents for the interview: 1) An application addressed to the Rector OHPE (organizations of higher and postgraduate education); 2) The document on education (original, notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 3) A copy of the passport (notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary). 4) 3x4 photo (electronic format); 5) Medical certificate in the form 075/u with fluorography in electronic format and the original, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 6) The admission of foreign citizens, including persons of Kazakh ethnicity who are not citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, shall be carried out upon submission of a medical certificate issued by the official healthcare authority of the applicant's country of residence, containing the results of examinations for HIV infection and tuberculosis. In the absence of such a certificate, the applicant must undergo a medical examination in the Republic of Kazakhstan, including a chest fluorography examination, HIV testing, and a treponemal test for syphilis, in accordance with the Rules for Providing Medical Care to Immigrants approved by Order No. 665 of the Minister of Healthcare of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated September 30, 2011. In addition, upon arrival in the Republic of Kazakhstan, the applicant is required to undergo a mandatory medical examination and submit a medical certificate in Form 075/u, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. Note: For registration, you will need electronic versions (pdf) of the documents listed in subparagraphs 2, 3, 4, and 5. When submitted by a proxy, it is necessary to provide a copy of the power of attorney certified by a notary and the original for verification. Read the information about the date and time of the online interview. The link will be sent by the representative of the ENU Admissions Committee the day before the interview. Learn the Interview Program for foreigners by groups of educational programs on the website of the relevant faculty. After successful completion of the online interview, you must study the Rules of Admission to L.N. Gumilyov Eurasian National Universityand the terms of the Offer Agreement. Enrollment is carried out in offline format. The application for admission to the OPHE on a contractual basis is carried out in an offline format. Registration through AIS Platonus, conclusion of a contract, payment (tuition fees for foreign citizens, admission 2026). List of documents for enrollment: 1) An application addressed to the Rector OHPE (organizations of higher and postgraduate education); 2) The document on education (original, notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 3) A copy of the passport (notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 4) 3x4 photo (electronic format); 5) Medical certificate in the form 075/u with fluorography in electronic format and the original, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 6) The admission of foreign citizens, including persons of Kazakh ethnicity who are not citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, shall be carried out upon submission of a medical certificate issued by the official healthcare authority of the applicant's country of residence, containing the results of examinations for HIV infection and tuberculosis. In the absence of such a certificate, the applicant must undergo a medical examination in the Republic of Kazakhstan, including a chest fluorography examination, HIV testing, and a treponemal test for syphilis, in accordance with the Rules for Providing Medical Care to Immigrants approved by Order No. 665 of the Minister of Healthcare of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated September 30, 2011. In addition, upon arrival in the Republic of Kazakhstan, the applicant is required to undergo a mandatory medical examination and submit a medical certificate in Form 075/u, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 7) A certificate confirming the solvency of foreign citizens. If a study visa is required, mark the «Applicant» module in the AIS Platonus personal account - «A study visa is required» After enrolling in the L.N. Gumilyov ENU, foreign students enrolled on a contractual basis can participate in the competition for the award of the Kultegin scholarship (bachelor's degree - 2 places) and Gumilyov (Master's degree - 2 places). This scholarship provides free tuition, accommodation and a monthly scholarship. Information about the announcement of the competition will be posted on the university's website. The competition is held on an annual basis and consists of two stages: Stage 1 - submission of applications by foreign citizens for a scholarship. Stage 2 - consideration of applications by members of the Competition Commission. Requirements for candidates: 1) have the highest academic performance indicators; 2) actively participate in the social and scientific research activities of the University. Contacts: +7(7172) 709-481, +7(7172) 709-500, ext. 31-434 +7 (7172) 709 500 ext: 31-431, 31-498, 31-429 Email: admission . enu@enu.kz Master's program MASTER'S DEGREE What documents are needed for admission? Submission of documents - from March 1 to March 31 / June 15-July 25 Online interview - April 6 - 10 / July 14 - 26 Contract conclusion, payment, and enrollment: before August 28 Review and prepare the list of required documents for submission to the Admissions Committee. The documents for the interview are submitted in two ways: Offline (traditional) format Visit Admission Committee at Kazhymukan Street, 13A, Astana city, in the order of the electronic queue and provide documents. Online format Register in AIS Platonus, module «Applicant» - «Application for an interview» https://edu.enu.kz/registration.html The list of required documents for the interview: 1) An application addressed to the Rector OHPE (organizations of higher and postgraduate education); 2) The document on education (original, notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 3) A copy of the passport (notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary). 4) 3x4 photo (electronic format); 5) Medical certificate in the form 075/u with fluorography in electronic format and the original, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 6) The admission of foreign citizens, including persons of Kazakh ethnicity who are not citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, shall be carried out upon submission of a medical certificate issued by the official healthcare authority of the applicant's country of residence, containing the results of examinations for HIV infection and tuberculosis. In the absence of such a certificate, the applicant must undergo a medical examination in the Republic of Kazakhstan, including a chest fluorography examination, HIV testing, and a treponemal test for syphilis, in accordance with the Rules for Providing Medical Care to Immigrants approved by Order No. 665 of the Minister of Healthcare of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated September 30, 2011. In addition, upon arrival in the Republic of Kazakhstan, the applicant is required to undergo a mandatory medical examination and submit a medical certificate in Form 075/u, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. Note: For registration, you will need electronic versions (pdf) of the documents listed in subparagraphs 2, 3, 4, and 5. When submitted by a proxy, it is necessary to provide a copy of the power of attorney certified by a notary and the original for verification. Read the information about the date and time of the online interview. The link will be sent by the representative of the ENU Admissions Committee the day before the interview. Learn the Interview Program for foreigners by groups of educational programs on the website of the relevant faculty. After successful completion of the online interview, you must study the Rules of Admission to L.N. Gumilyov Eurasian National Universityand the terms of the Offer Agreement. Enrollment is carried out in offline format. The application for admission to the OPHE on a contractual basis is carried out in an offline format. Registration through AIS Platonus, conclusion of a contract, payment (tuition fees for foreign citizens, admission 2025). List of documents for enrollment: 1) An application addressed to the Rector OHPE (organizations of higher and postgraduate education); 2) The document on education (original, notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 3) A copy of the passport (notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 4) 3x4 photo (electronic format); 5) Medical certificate in the form 075/u with fluorography in electronic format and the original, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 6) The admission of foreign citizens, including persons of Kazakh ethnicity who are not citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, shall be carried out upon submission of a medical certificate issued by the official healthcare authority of the applicant's country of residence, containing the results of examinations for HIV infection and tuberculosis. In the absence of such a certificate, the applicant must undergo a medical examination in the Republic of Kazakhstan, including a chest fluorography examination, HIV testing, and a treponemal test for syphilis, in accordance with the Rules for Providing Medical Care to Immigrants approved by Order No. 665 of the Minister of Healthcare of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated September 30, 2011. In addition, upon arrival in the Republic of Kazakhstan, the applicant is required to undergo a mandatory medical examination and submit a medical certificate in Form 075/u, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 7) A certificate confirming the solvency of foreign citizens. If a study visa is required, mark the «Applicant» module in the AIS Platonus personal account - «A study visa is required» After enrolling in the L.N. Gumilyov ENU, foreign students enrolled on a contractual basis can participate in the competition for the award of the Kultegin scholarship (bachelor's degree - 2 places) and Gumilyov (Master's degree - 2 places). This scholarship provides free tuition, accommodation and a monthly scholarship. Information about the announcement of the competition will be posted on the university's website. The competition is held on an annual basis and consists of two stages: Stage 1 - submission of applications by foreign citizens for a scholarship. Stage 2 - consideration of applications by members of the Competition Commission. Requirements for candidates: 1) have the highest academic performance indicators; 2) actively participate in the social and scientific research activities of the University. Contacts: +7(7172) 709-481, +7(7172) 709-500, ext. 31-434 +7 (7172) 709 500 ext: 31-431, 31-498, 31-429 Email: admission . enu@enu.kz Doctoral studies Doctoral studies , PhD What documents are needed for admission? Submission of documents - from March 1 to March 31 / June 15-July 25 Online interview - April 6 - 10 / July 14 - 26 Contract conclusion, payment, and enrollment: before August 28 Review and prepare the list of required documents for submission to the Admissions Committee. The documents for the interview are submitted in two ways: Offline (traditional) format Visit Admission Committee at Kazhymukan Street, 13A, Astana city, in the order of the electronic queue and provide documents. Online format Register in AIS Platonus, module «Applicant» - «Application for an interview» https://edu.enu.kz/registration.html The list of required documents for the interview: 1) An application addressed to the Rector OHPE (organizations of higher and postgraduate education); 2) The document on education (original, notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 3) A copy of the passport (notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary). 4) Certificate confirming proficiency in a foreign language*; 5) Medical certificate in the form 075/u with fluorography in electronic format and the original, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 6) The admission of foreign citizens, including persons of Kazakh ethnicity who are not citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, shall be carried out upon submission of a medical certificate issued by the official healthcare authority of the applicant's country of residence, containing the results of examinations for HIV infection and tuberculosis. In the absence of such a certificate, the applicant must undergo a medical examination in the Republic of Kazakhstan, including a chest fluorography examination, HIV testing, and a treponemal test for syphilis, in accordance with the Rules for Providing Medical Care to Immigrants approved by Order No. 665 of the Minister of Healthcare of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated September 30, 2011. In addition, upon arrival in the Republic of Kazakhstan, the applicant is required to undergo a mandatory medical examination and submit a medical certificate in Form 075/u, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 7) 3x4 photo (electronic format); 8) A list of scientific publications for the last 3 calendar years (if available), a research plan and an essay. * Certificates confirming proficiency in a foreign language: English language proficiency: International English Language Tests System Academic (IELTS Academic) threshold score - at least 5.0; Test of English as a Foreign Language Institutional Testing Program Internet-based Test (TOEFL IBT) threshold score - at least 35 points; *Test of English as a Foreign Language Institutional Testing Program (TOEFL ITP) - at least 417; TOEIC, the threshold score - at least 550; Duolingo English Test, the threshold score - at least 80; Persons with a certificate (TOEFL IBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Institutional Testing Program) take additional testing before the start of the doctoral entrance exam. German language proficiency: Deutsche Sprachpruefung fuer den Hochschulzugang Niveau B2 (DSH, Niveau B1) - not lower than level B1; TestDaF-Prufung Niveau B1 (TDF Niveau B1) - not lower than level B1; French language proficiency: Test de Français International (TFI) - at least level B1 in reading and listening sections; Diplome d'Etudes en Langue français (DELF) - at least level B1; Diplome Approfondi de Langue français (DALF) - at least level B1; Test de connaissance du français (TCF) - not lower than level B1. Note: When submitting by a proxy, it is necessary to provide a notarized copy of the power of attorney and the original for verification. Electronic versions of the documents (pdf) listed in sub-paragraphs 2,3,4,5,6,7,9 are required for registration. For registration, you will need electronic versions (pdf) of the documents listed in subparagraphs 2,3,4,5,6,7 and 9. The document listed in sub-paragraph 4) is provided in the original version and a copy, after verification of which the original is returned to the applicant. Read the information about the date and time of the online interview . The link will be sent by the representative of the ENU Admissions Committee the day before the interview. Learn the Interview Program for foreigners by groups of educational programs on the website of the relevant faculty. After successful completion of the online interview, you must study the Rules of Admission to L.N. Gumilyov Eurasian National Universityand the terms of the Offer Agreement. Enrollment is carried out in offline format. The application for admission to the OPHE on a contractual basis is carried out in an offline format. Registration through AIS Platonus, conclusion of a contract, payment (tuition fees for foreign citizens, admission 2026). List of documents for enrollment: 1) An application addressed to the Rector OHPE (organizations of higher and postgraduate education); 2) The document on education (original, notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary); 3) A copy of the passport (notarized translation into Kazakh or Russian, if necessary). 4) Certificate confirming proficiency in a foreign language*; 5) Medical certificate in the form 075/u with fluorography in electronic format and the original, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 6) The admission of foreign citizens, including persons of Kazakh ethnicity who are not citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, shall be carried out upon submission of a medical certificate issued by the official healthcare authority of the applicant's country of residence, containing the results of examinations for HIV infection and tuberculosis. In the absence of such a certificate, the applicant must undergo a medical examination in the Republic of Kazakhstan, including a chest fluorography examination, HIV testing, and a treponemal test for syphilis, in accordance with the Rules for Providing Medical Care to Immigrants approved by Order No. 665 of the Minister of Healthcare of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated September 30, 2011. In addition, upon arrival in the Republic of Kazakhstan, the applicant is required to undergo a mandatory medical examination and submit a medical certificate in Form 075/u, approved by order № HM of RK 175/2020. 7) 3x4 photo (electronic format); 8) A list of scientific publications for the last 3 calendar years (if available), a research plan and an essay. 9) A certificate confirming the solvency of foreign citizens. *Certificates confirming proficiency in a foreign language: English language proficiency: International English Language Tests System Academic (IELTS Academic) threshold score - at least 5.0; Test of English as a Foreign Language Institutional Testing Program Internet-based Test (TOEFL IBT) threshold score - at least 35 points; *Test of English as a Foreign Language Institutional Testing Program (TOEFL ITP) - at least 417; TOEIC, the threshold score - at least 550; Duolingo English Test, the threshold score - at least 80; Persons with a certificate (TOEFL IBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Institutional Testing Program) take additional testing before the start of the doctoral entrance exam. German language proficiency: Deutsche Sprachpruefung fuer den Hochschulzugang Niveau B2 (DSH, Niveau B1) - not lower than level B1; TestDaF-Prufung Niveau B1 (TDF Niveau B1) - not lower than level B1; French language proficiency: Test de Français International (TFI) - at least level B1 in reading and listening sections; Diplome d'Etudes en Langue français (DELF) - at least level B1; Diplome Approfondi de Langue français (DALF) - at least level B1; Test de connaissance du français (TCF) - not lower than level B1. If a study visa is required, mark the «Applicant» module in the AIS Platonus personal account - «A study visa is required» Requirements for candidates: 1) have the highest academic performance indicators; 2) actively participate in the social and scientific research activities of the University. Contacts: +7(7172) 709-481, +7(7172) 709-500, ext. 31-434 +7 (7172) 709 500 ext: 31-431, 31-498, 31-429 Email: admission . enu@enu.kz Interview results Қазақ бөлімі Экономика және туризм жоғары мектебі_26.07 Цифрлық ғылымдар және жасанды интеллект институты_26.07 Филология факультеті_26.07 Физика-техника ғылымдары институты_26.07 Тарих факультеті_26.07 Сәулет-құрылыс факультеті_26.07 Механика-математика факультеті_26.07 Заң факультеті _26.07 Жаратылыстану ғылымдары институты_26.07 Білім жоғары мектебі_26.07 Экономика және туризм жоғары мектебі_25.07 Тарих факультеті_25.07 Филология факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Цифрлық ғылымдар және жасанды интеллект институты бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Жаратылыстану ғылымдары институты факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Білім жоғары мектебі бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі 21.07 Білім Жоғары Мектебі бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Экономика және туризм жоғары мектебі бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Механика Математика факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Заң факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Физика техникалық ғылымдар институты бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Сәулет құрылыс факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Халықаралық қатынастар факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Тарих факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжесі Көлік -энергетика факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтіжежсі Орыс бөлімі Юридический факультет_26.07 Филологический факультет_26.07 Факультет международных отношений_26.07 Транспортно-энергетический факультет_26.07 Механико-матиматический факультет_26.07 Исторический факультет_26.07 Институт цифровых наук и искусственного интеллекта_26.07 Институт физико-технических наук_26.07 Институт естественных наук_26.07 Высшая школа экономики и туризма_26.07 Высшая школа образования_26.07 Высшая школа журналистики и социальных наук_26.07 Архитектурно-строительный факультет_26.07 Филологический факультет_25.07 Факультет международных отношений_25.07 Исторический факультет_25.07 Высшая школа экономики и туризма_25.07 Высшая школа журналистики и социальных наук_25.07 Собеседование иностранных граждан Филологический факультет Собеседование иностранных граждан Институт цифровых наук и искусственного интеллекта Собеседование иностранных граждан Институт естественных наук Собеседование иностранных граждан Высшая школа образования 21.07 Собеседование иностранных граждан Высшая школа образования Собеседование иностранных граждан Высшая школа экономики и туризма Собеседование иностранных граждан Юридический факультет Собеседование иностранных граждан Институт Физико технических наук Собеседование иностранных граждан Фаультет международных отношений Собеседование иностранных граждан Архитектурно строительный факультет Собеседование иностранных граждан Транспортно энергетческого факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан Исторический факультет Собеседование иностранных граждан Высшая школа журналистика и социальных наук Результаты собеседования иностранных граждан (апрель, 2026) English group Interview of foreign citizens of the Institute of Digital Sciences and Artificial Intelligence Interview of foreign citizens of the Institute of Natural Sciences Interview of foreign citizens of the Graduate School of Education Interview of foreign citizens of the Faculty of International Relations 2025 Қазақ бөлімі Көлік энергетика факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Тарих факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Заң факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Механика-математика факультетi бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Физика-техникалық ғылымдар институты бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Экономика факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Білім жоғары мектебі бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Көлік-энергетика факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Сәулет құрылыс факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Тарих факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі Халықаралық Қатынастар факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі 1 Халықаралық Қатынастар факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі 2 Экономика факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтармен әңгімелесу нәтижесі 2 Білім жоғары мектебі бойынша шетел азаматтарымен әңгімелесу Жаратылыстану ғылымдар факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтарымен әңгімелесу Ақпараттық технологиялар факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтарымен әңгімелесу Филология факультеті бойынша шетел азаматтарымен әңгімелесу Шетел азаматтарымен әнгімелесу нәтіжелері Русское отделение Собеседование иностранных граждан Транспортно энергетического факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан факультета журналистики и социальных наук Собеседование иностранных граждан Архитектурно-строительного факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан Факультета международных отношений Собеседование иностранных граждан института физико-технических наук Собеседование иностранных граждан механико-математического факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан юридического факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан экономического факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан Архитектурно строительного факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан Транспортно-энергетического факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан Юридического факультета Собеседование иностранных граждан высшей школы образования Собеседование иностранных граждан Факультет естественных наук Собеседование иностранных граждан Факультет информационных технологий Собеседование иностранных граждан Филологический факультет Результаты Собеседование иностранных граждан English group Interview of foreign citizens of the Faculty of Economics Interview of foreign citizens of the Faculty of International Relations Interview Results with Foreign citizens for the Faculty of International Relations Interview with Foreign Citizens by the Graduate School of Education Interview Results with Foreign citizens for the Faculty of Natural sciences Interview Results with Foreign citizens for the Faculty of information technology Interview with Foreign Citizens Scholarship programs "Kultegin" and "Gumilyov" for foreign students By the decision of the Board of the Eurasian National University, the Regulation on the establishment of the Kultegin and Gumilev scholarships for foreign students was approved (bachelor's degree 2 places, master's degree 2 places) which regulates the provision of free tuition, accommodation and monthly scholarships at the expense of the University. The scholarship can be awarded to students and undergraduates studying on a fee basis. The competition is held on an annual basis and consists of two stages: The first stage is the submission of applications by foreign citizens for scholarships. The second stage is the consideration of applications by the members of the Competition Commission. For the first stage of the competition, foreign students and undergraduates studying on a fee-based basis, having certain achievements in science and studies, as well as actively participating in the public life of the faculty and the university as a whole submit the following documents to the Department of International Cooperation. application form; a copy of the passport and a notarized translation (if necessary); Motivation letter; a copy of the school certificate or bachelor's degree with a supplement and a notarized translation (if necessary); International English certificates (TOEFL ITP, TOEFL iBT, TOEFL PBT, IELTS) (if available); Recommendation letters; written consent to the collection, processing and dissemination of the applicant's personal data; In addition to the application, participants can send scanned versions of documents confirming participation in conferences, Olympiads and competitions, including: - a list of scientific papers published by the applicant (alone or in co-authorship) (if any); - a list of topics of presentations at scientific conferences, symposiums, indicating the place and time of their holding; - other documents confirming the applicant's participation in scientific research and creative competitions. ENU, Main building , 407 office. Contacts: +7(7172) 709-481, +7(7172) 709-500, ext. 31-434 +7 (7172) 709 500 ext: 31-431, 31-498, 31-429 Regulations Kultegin and Gumilyov Scholarships Share: +7 (7172) 709500 E-mail: enu@enu.kz Site traffic statistics Accessibility map 10000 Kazakhstan, Astana city, 2 Satbaev st., ENU Educational building Subscribe to the news and stay up to date Subscribe Incorrect email address © 2026 ENU