Skip Navigation Go to Body Main menu shortcut View Menu HOME SITEMAP CONTACT US LOGIN LANGUAGE 한글 中文 Close language shortcut Open all menus Menu Close all menus Home Login Pusan National University Homepage Main Menu About PNU Overview President's Office Why not PNU PNU - FOCUS PNU - MEDIA Organization Visit PNU Admissions Undergraduate Graduate & Professional School PNU Scholarship Programs Academics Undergraduate Graduate Professional & Special Graduate School Affairs For Faculty Research Research Highlights Promising Research Centers Research Support Participation in Reputation Survey Life At PNU Busan Life & Welfare Library Office of AX & Information Innovation PNU Dormitory Career & Work News & Forum Research Notice Community PNU News Gallery FAQ PNU Scholarship Programs PNU Scholarship Programs 메인으로 이동 Admissions About PNU Admissions Academics Research Life At PNU News & Forum PNU Scholarship Programs Undergraduate Graduate & Professional School PNU Scholarship Programs 인쇄 PNU Scholarship Programs 메인으로 이동 Admissions PNU Scholarship Programs PNU Scholarship Programs Pusan National University offers a variety of scholarships to international students with excellent academic performance or with demonstrated financial need. Undergraduate Course 1. Scholarship for New/Transfer Students Contents Scholarship for New/Transfer Students: Division, Standard of Qualification, Amount, Period of Benefit Division Standard of Qualification Amount Period of Benefit New/ Transfer Admission for International Students TOPIK Lv.6 Full tuition The first semester TOPIK Lv.5 Full tuition Ⅱ TOPIK Lv.4 Full tuition Ⅰ Special Admission for International Students Students with excellent grades who ard admitted through special admission Full tuition Continue to support by grade Application process: No application needed(will be evaluated with admission documents) Payment method: Tuition deduction ※ Scholarship amount is subject to change. 2. Scholarship for Enrolled students Contents Scholarship for Enrolled students: Division, Standard of Qualification, Amount, Period of Benefit Division Standard of Qualification Amount Period of Benefit Enrolled Department of Global Studies(DGS) TOPIK Lv. 4(or above) OR who have a certain level of official English score (TOEFL 550, CBT 210, iBT 80, IELTS 5.5, NEWTEPS 326, TOEIC 675 or above) Full tuition, Full tuition Ⅱ, Half of the tuition Ⅱ, Full tuition Ⅰ The correspo-nding term Etc. TOPIK Lv.4 or above Application process: Students with excellent grades in the previous semester will be selected from each category (Humanity social science/ Natural science/ Art and P.E). The scholarship will be given to students with excellent GPAs if the students meet the standard of qualification. Payment method: Tuition deduction ※Scholarship amount is subject to change. Ineligibility 1) Students who are below GPA 2.5 for the previous semester. 2) Students whose full tuition is covered with other scholarship 3) Students who enrolled in an extra semester beyond the maximum number of semesters in which courses may be taken. 4) Students who failed to obtain minimum completion credits(12credits) per semester. ※ except students who completed over seven semesters. 5) Students who received any type of academic disciplinary measures from the university in the previous semester. 6) Students who are unqualified due to other reasons. 3. TOPIK Scholarship for enrolled students Contents TOPIK Scholarship for enrolled students: Division, Standard of Qualification, Amount, Period of Benefit Division Standard of Qualification Amount Period of Benefit Enrolled Students who have acquired TOPIK level 4 or higher after admission and have improved grades as follows (up to 3 times) However, payment is made when the GPA(2.5/4.5) requirements met KRW 400,000 The corresponding term TOPIK (when you enter PNU) Improved TOPIK TOPIK Lv. 0,1,2,3 Acquire Lv4 or higher TOPIK Lv 4 Acquire Lv5 or higher TOPIK Lv.5 Acquire Lv6 Application process: Submit a copy of TOPIK report card to the PNU International office. Payment method: It will be paid to the account under your name registered with E-onestop. Ineligibility 1) Students who are below GPA 2.5 for the corresponding semester. 2) Students who enrolled in an extra semester beyond the maximum number of semesters in which courses may be taken. 3) Students who failed to obtain minimum completion credits(12credits) per semester. ※ except students who completed over seven semesters. 4) Students who received any type of academic disciplinary measures from the university in the previous semester. 5) Students who are unqualified due to other reasons. 4. Global Korea Scholarship(GKS) Support Program for Self-financed Students Eligible Applicants: Enrolled undergraduate students. Number of Selected Candidates: About 250 people throughout Korea. Eligibility to Apply 1) International students paying their own expenses who are enrolled in their 2nd, 3rd, or 4th year at Korean university(For students with more than 2 semesters remaining). 2) Students who have an average score of 80 or higher out of 100 throughout their studies. 3) Students who have an average score of 80 or higher out of 100 in the previous semester. 4) Students who have achieved TOPIK level 4 or above. Application Method: Refer to the notice on the PNU International website(End of Jan. or early Feb.) Period of Scholarship: 10 months Main Benefits: Support scholarship of KRW 500,000 per month(Can be received separately in addition to school score-based scholarships.) Contact Details: intl@pusan.ac.kr(Including name, student ID number, department) Graduate Course 1. Scholarship for New Students (First-year scholarship) Contents Scholarship for New Students (First-year scholarship): Division, Standard of Qualification, Amount, Period of Benefit Division Standard of Qualification Amount Period of Benefit New Students who are admitted as doctoral or master's after graduating PNU Full amount of Tuition Ⅱ The first semester All first-year enrolled students with language exam score - TOPIK Lv4, TOEFL(PBT550/ CBT210/ iBT 80), IELTS 5.5, TEPS 600, NEW TEPS 326, TOEIC 675 or above Half amount of Tuition Ⅱ Application process: No application needed(will be evaluated with admission documents) Payment method: Tuition deduction ※ Scholarship amount is subject to change. 2. Scholarship for Enrolled students Contents Scholarship for Enrolled students: Division, Standard of Qualification, Amount, Period of Benefit Division Standard of Qualification Amount Period of Benefit Enrolled Graduate students with excellent GPA Half of the tuition Ⅱ The corresponding term Be subject to change according to the budget range of scholarship. Application process: No application needed Payment method: Tuition deduction ※Scholarship amount is subject to change. Ineligibility 1) Students who are below GPA 3.0* for the previous semester. * (Major of Medicine - School of Medicine, Major of Dentistry - School of Dentistry, Major of Korean Medicine - School of Korean Medicine) Students with GPA below 2.5/4.5 * (Major of Law, School of Law) Students with GPA below 2.3/4.3 2) Students whose full tuition is covered with other scholarship 3) Students who were punished in the previous semester for disciplinary disposition and other reasons. 4) Students who enrolled in an extra semester beyond the maximum number of semesters in which courses may be taken. 5) Students who received any type of academic disciplinary measures from the university in the previous semester. 6) Students who are unqualified due to other reasons. 3. Scholarship for Teaching Assistants(TA) & Research Assistants(RA) Contents Scholarship for Teaching Assistants(TA) & Research Assistants(RA): Division, Standard of Qualification, Work hours (in a semester), Amount Division Standard of Qualification Work hours(in a semester) Amount New students with excellent grade in admission TA: 230hrs or more RA: 170hrs or more TA: about KRW 1,500,000 RA: about KRW 1,000,000 Enrolled students with GPA 3.0 or higher in the last semester ※ However, GPA 2.5 or above : Major of Medicine - School of Medicine, Master's degree in School of Dentistry & School of Korean Medicine ※ However, GPA 2.3 or above : School of Law Application process: Submit an application after confirming the recruitment announcement of each department or office Payment method: Tuition deduction ※Scholarship amount is subject to change. TOP Pusan International University address & Tel 2, Busandaehak-ro 63beon-gil, Geumjeong-gu, Busan, 46241, Rep. of KOREA Contact Us at pnuadmin@pusan.ac.kr for Further information / Mail to Pusan National University Copyright 2017 Pusan National University. All rights reserved.