Apply Jobs Visit Give 中 About SCU Leadership History Facts & Figures Jobs & Careers Alumni Academics Admissions Why SCU Programs Admission Requirements for Degree Programs Admission Requirements for Non-Degree Programs Visa Information for International Students Pre-arrival Information for International Students Contact Us News & Events News Events People Research & Collabration Research News Research Organizations & Platforms Journals Collabration Campus Life Campus view Library Museum Health & Wellbeing Sports & Club Activities Accomodation Life in Chengdu Home Page > Admissions > Pre-arrival Information for International Students Pre-arrival Information for International Students Admissions Why SCU Programs Admission Requirements for Degree Programs Bachelor's Master's Doctoral Admission Requirements for Non-Degree Programs Regular & Advanced and Scholar Programs Exchange Programs UIP Visa Information for International Students Pre-arrival Information for International Students Contact Us Why SCU Programs Admission Requirements for Degree Programs Bachelor's Master's Doctoral Admission Requirements for Non-Degree Programs Regular & Advanced and Scholar Programs Exchange Programs UIP Visa Information for International Students Pre-arrival Information for International Students Contact Us Off-Campus Accommodation You may also choose to live off campus under the condition that you must get a Accommodation Registration Form issued by the local police station of your accommodation. The Accommodation Registration Form is another important certificate for your legal stay in China, aside from your passport and visa. Please keep it along with your passport. It is required for your application of new visa, visa extension, additional entry or residence permit. A special reminder is that before you sign for the contract or pay for the rental, do confirm that the owner of the apartment/house property is able to process the accommodation registration for you. Otherwise you will get into trouble of illegal stay. Moreover, you need to renew the Registration Form of Temporary Residence if you have moved to another place, changed your passport or renewed your visa. Notice: Students who changed their address and contact information while they are studying at Sichuan University must inform the SCU Overseas Students Office of their new and recent address, telephone number and email. It is important for the SCU Overseas Students Office to be able to contact its students because it often sends out important notifications to them. The SCU Overseas Students Office maintains a strict policy of keeping all contact information confidential. Finances There are several banks near Sichuan University where you can set up a bank account after you have arrived in Chengdu. If you are planning to convert foreign currencies into RMB, the banks in Chengdu accept the foreign currencies of: Pound Sterling, Hong Kong Dollar, American Dollar, Euro, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, etc. Bank of China: https://www.boc.cn/ Many banks in Chengdu accept American Dollar Traveler's Checks; however, it takes more than 40 working days to process the checks. If you are planning to wire-transfer funds/money to your Chengdu bank account, do prepare some"on-hand"cash to cover the expenses needed for short-term housing, meals, etc. To be on a safe side, we recommend students you to carry the amount (of cash) that is enough to cover your monthly living expenses as it takes several working days for the money-transfer to be completed. Our estimation for the average cost of living per month in Chengdu is 5,000 RMB (housing, food and transportation included). There are limitations to the cash you could draw daily with your credit card. Please confirm with your bank before you leave how much you could draw daily in China. What to Bring Do make sure that you keep at least 2 photocopies of your important documents. You should consider having your important documents, such as medical prescriptions and marriage certificates(if necessary), translated into Mandarin before leaving your country. Below is the checklist of important documents that you must carry with you to Sichuan University. Valid passport and visa •Admission Letter from Sichuan University (original copy) •Visa Application for Study in China form (also known as the JW201/JW202 form) (original) •Traveler's check or bank draft for your tuition payment •2-inch full-faced photos with white background (at least 4 copies) •Physical examination record and blood test reports (original, if available) •Passport, visa, marriage certificate and birth certificates of your family members (if any) You may also consider bringing these documents with you if you deem them necessary: •School transcripts •Personal bank statement •Reference/Recommendation letters More Information: https://global.scu.edu.cn/oso/article/index/19 Quick Link Ministry of Education The Ministry of Science & Technology National Health Commission The Peoples's Government of Sichuan Province Chengdu Municipal People's Government Study Academics Admissions Research Research News Research Organizations & Platforms Journals Global Campus Campus View Students Life Campus Service Libraries Museums @ Chengdu Get in touch Sichuan University, 24 South Section 1, 1st Ring Road, Chengdu,China,610065 international@scu.edu.cn Copyright by Sichuan University TOP