Government-approved information site English 日本語 English 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia Монгол Français Español العربية Reasons to Choose Japan Reasons to Choose Japan Japan's Attractions Why Study in Japan? Life in Japan by Specific Areas Student Stories Planning to Study in Japan Planning to Study in Japan Japanese Educational System Types of Schools Flowchart Examinations Academic Fees Scholarships Immigration and Students Visas Useful materials Life in Japan Life in Japan Living Costs and Expenses Accommodation Insurance Status of Residence Finding Municipal Support Jobs & Careers in Japan Jobs & Careers in Japan Part-Time Work Internships Employment in Japan Changing Status of Residence Network Network About Alumni Associations List of Alumni Associations Featured Alumni Associations ASEAN Council of Japan Alumni (ASCOJA) Events FAQ Contact Us Planning to Study in Japan Scholarships HOME Planning to Study in Japan Scholarships Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship Table of contents Types Types and Their Status Eligibility Examinations Required for Embassy Recommendation Application Process 1. Embassy recommendation 2. University recommendation Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship Applicant Qualifying Examinations - Subject Test Questions Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship Types As seen in the chart below, there are seven types of the Japanese Government (Monbukagakusho) Scholarship program. They are Research students, Teacher training students, Undergraduate students, Japanese studies students, college of technology students, Specialized training college students, and Young Leaders Program (YLP) students. Those who wish to study abroad are required to apply in one of two ways: embassy recommendation or university recommendation. Please see the application selection process for details. With regard to application qualifications and procedures, in addition to the actual contents, there are also cases when detailed requirements are established. Because of this, be sure to confirm the latest edition of the application guidelines. If the application qualifications differ from the application guidelines, the contents of the guidelines should be followed. Types and Their Status Research students Teacher training students Undergraduate students Japanese studies students College of technology students Specialized training college students Young leaders program (YLP) students (*2) Embassy recommendation Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No University recommendation (*1) Yes No Yes Yes Yes (Recommendation by College of technology) No No Level of studies Graduate school level Undergraduate level Graduate school level Duration [Embassy Recommendation] Irregular course: within 2 years Regular course: standard school year (when necessary, 6 months preliminary education will be added) [University Recommendation] Duration depends on each school's quota (Up to a standard school year) Within 1 year and 6 months including Japanese language education [Embassy Recommendation] 5 years including Japanese language training (7 years for medicine, dentistry, pharmacy and veterinary science) [University Recommendation] Up to a standard school year (Normally, there is no preliminary education) One academic year 4 years including Japanese language training (4 years and 6 months for merchant marine studies) 3 years including Japanese language training 1 year Preliminary training of Japanese etc.(*3) 6 months (Only those who need this training) 1 year(ABK College, Osaka University) None 1 year (JASSO Tokyo Japanese Language Education Center) 1 year (Bunka Institute of Language, JASSO Osaka Japanese Language Education Center) None Field of study Major in field of specialty at a graduate school etc. Teacher training at a University Undergraduate education Special training in Japanese language or Japanese culture Transfer to the third year of College of technology Specialized courses Master course at a graduate school Scholarship ¥143,000～145,000 per month ¥117,000 per month ￥242,000 per month Tuition Exempted Travel allowance Round-trip travel expenses (airfare) provided ∗1 Not all universities maintain their own recommendation quotas. ∗2 Recommendations from official overseas recommending organizations ∗3 The institutions offering "Preliminary training of Japanese etc." may change. Eligibility Research students You must be under 35 years of age and be eligible for admission to a master's program or a doctoral program (first or second stage) at a Japanese graduate school. Teacher training students You must be under 35 years of age and a graduate of a college or teacher training college. You must have at least five years of active experience as a teacher in a primary, secondary, or teacher training college in your home country. (Please note that college and university teachers currently in active service are not considered for this scholarship). Undergraduate students You must be under 25 years of age and have completed 12 years of school education or have completed courses in a school comparable to a Japanese high school (includes prospective graduates). Japanese studies students You must be between 18 and 29 years old. You must be enrolled as an undergraduate student in a faculty or school related to Japanese language or Japanese culture in a university outside Japan at the time of coming to Japan and must remain enrolled in the home institution when you return to your home country. College of technology students You must be under 25 years of age and have completed education for 11 or more years (includes prospective graduates). Specialized training college students You must be under 25 years of age and have completed 12 years of schooling or have completed school education comparable to a Japanese high school (includes prospective graduates). Young Leaders Program (YLP) students You must be under 40 years of age (in principle), and university or college graduates who have practical work experience, young public administrators, etc. who are expected to play active role in Asia and other countries. Examinations Required for Embassy Recommendation Research students Japanese and English Teacher training students Japanese and English Undergraduate students Japanese, English, mathematics, science (*Only science faculty examinees are required to choose two out of the following three subjects: chemistry, physics, or biology) Japanese studies students Japanese College of technology students Japanese, English, mathematics, and physics or chemistry Specialized training college students Japanese, English, and mathematics Application Process There are two ways to apply for a Japanese Government Scholarship: by applying to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) with a recommendation from a Japanese embassy or other Japanese diplomatic mission in your country, or by applying to the MEXT with a recommendation from a Japanese university. 1. Embassy recommendation In this type of scholarship, scholarship recipients are recruited and initially screened by a Japanese embassy (or consulate general, depending on the country). Some application requirements are more detailed than those listed here, so please check with the Japanese embassy or other Japanese diplomatic mission in your country. The type and field of application may vary from country to country. Please check with the Japanese embassy or other Japanese diplomatic mission in your country to see if there are any openings in the type and field you wish to apply for. In addition, all required documents and interviews will be conducted by the Japanese embassy or other diplomatic mission abroad in your country. 2. University recommendation University recommendation is a scheme in which Japanese universities etc. recruit scholarship candidates based on their student-exchange agreements with schools overseas. After a screening of candidates, universities recommend them to Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) as potential recipients. Programs offered within this scheme are Research students, Undergraduate students, Japanese and Japanese culture students, as well as College of Technology. MEXT scholarship recipients recommended by university usually arrive in Japan in September or October, but some arrive in late March or early April. For university recommendations, not all universities in Japan are able to recommend international students. Only a select number of universities approved by the MEXT can make recommendations to the MEXT, and only those universities that are judged to be outstanding and deserving of the scholarship can make recommendations to the MEXT. Therefore, if you are interested in applying for a scholarship with a recommendation from a university, you need to check first whether the school you are interested in has a recommendation quota. Application requirements and academic standards vary depending on the accepting university. In addition, the scholarship period and eligibility may vary depending on the type of recommendation framework a university has, so please check with the university you wish to enroll in for details. Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship Applicant Qualifying Examinations - Subject Test Questions We have posted past test questions as samples. Proceed to search for scholarship and tuition reduction and exemption programs Reasons to Choose Japan Japan's Attractions Why Study in Japan? Life in Japan by Specific Areas Student Stories Planning to Study in Japan Japanese Educational System Types of Schools Flowchart Examinations Academic Fees Scholarships Immigration and Students Visas Useful materials Life in Japan Living Costs and Expenses Accommodation Insurance Status of Residence Finding Municipal Support Jobs & Careers in Japan Part-Time Work Internships Employment in Japan Changing Status of Residence Network About Alumni Associations List of Alumni Associations Featured Alumni Associations ASEAN Council of Japan Alumni (ASCOJA) About site About JASSO Support Programs for International Students by JASSO Privacy policy Website Policy News Events FAQ Statistics Contact Us Links Copyright © JASSO. All rights reserved. We use cookies to provide you with better services on our website. Please clink on "Agree" to agree and proceed. For more information and cookie settings, please click on "See Details". Agree See Details