Skip to Content Skip to Main Navigation Skip to Landing Pages for Target Groups Skip to Quick Access Skip to Search Skip to Footer Prospective Students First Year Students Students Early-Career Researchers Researchers International Alumni School Students Corporate Visitors Press Tools RWTHonline RWTHcontacts RWTHmoodle Intranet Services Dining Hall Menus RWTH Navigator Student Resources and Support Official Announcements Institutions University Library IT Center Center for Teaching and Learning Services Athletics and Recreation Central University Administration Search by Name News Information for... Quick Access DE Start page RWTH Academics Research Transfer About RWTH Faculties Academics Submenu: Academics Latest News and Events Submenu: Latest News and Events Announcements Events Before Your Studies Submenu: Before Your Studies Why RWTH? Events Calendar for High School Students and Prospective Students Choosing a Course of Study Degree Programs Admission Requirements Application for Admission Application and Enrollment Deadlines Allocation Process Enrollment Video Tutorials - Application and Enrollment Cross-Registration, Auditing Students, Studies for Senior Citizens Bridge Courses Study Costs and Financing Accommodation in Aachen Prospective International Students During Your Studies Submenu: During Your Studies Semester Dates Transition to University Re-Registration Process Leave of Absence University Placement Swap Change of Address and Personal Information Transferring to Another Degree Program Termination of Enrollment Examination Matters International Students International Opportunities Student Parents Services Offered by the Student Counseling and Advising Center Classes Scholarships and Funding Programs Student Research Opportunities Preparing for Your Career Online Services Practical Hints and Tips Extracurricular & Leisure Activities Student Lifecycle Management After Graduation Submenu: After Graduation Doctoral Studies A-Z Career Center Alumni Network Graduation Celebration Excellence in Teaching Submenu: Excellence in Teaching Excellence in Teaching and Learning Digitalization Strategy for Teaching Quality Management in Teaching Excellent Teaching & Learning Strategy Advice and Assistance Submenu: Advice and Assistance Advising and Services for School Students and Prospective Students Advising for Students Psychological Counseling Departmental Academic Advisors Student Councils AStA Accessible and Inclusive Learning at RWTH Conflict Management RWTHonline Glossary of Academic Terms Tutorials (Video and Audio) Research Submenu: Research Excellence in Research Submenu: Excellence in Research Excellent Research The Integrated Fuel und Chemical Science Center ML4Q - Matter and Light for Quantum Computing CARE - Climate-Neutral and Resource-Efficient Construction Projects Submenu: Projects Beacon Projects DFG Programs Structured Doctoral Programs EU Projects Further Research Projects Structures Submenu: Structures RWTH Profile Areas JARA Interdisciplinary Research Structures Research Partner Institutions Research Infrastructure Submenu: Research Infrastructure Excellence in Research Infrastructure Digital Research Infrastructures Physical Research Facilities 91b Research Buildings Open Science Services for Researchers Submenu: Services for Researchers Welcome to RWTH Research Funding Research Data and Information Qualification and Career Inventions, Patents, and Startups Integrity, Ethics, and Safety-Related Research Additional Resources for Researchers Award-Winning Researchers Submenu: Award-Winning Researchers Humboldt Professorships ERC Grants Recipients of Research Prizes Junior Research Groups Transfer Submenu: Transfer Excellence in Transfer Submenu: Excellence in Transfer Excellent Transfer Knowledge Hub Startup Support Submenu: Startup Support Start-up Support at RWTH Aachen University Founding a Start-Up Collective Incubator Intellectual Property Submenu: Intellectual Property What Is Intellectual Property? IP Consulting Disclosing an Invention or Software Invention Patent and Standards Center Partnerships and Collaborations Submenu: Partnerships and Collaborations Collaboration Opportunities for Companies Technology Commercialization at RWTH Partnering With RWTH Startups Continuing Education Programs of RWTH International Academy Research Campus Submenu: Research Campus Where Science Meets Industry Campus Melaten Campus West Recruiting Submenu: Recruiting Connect with RWTH's Top Talent Career Days and Fairs Company Presentations Dean's List - Opportunities for Companies Employer Branding and Year-Round Visibility Advertise Job Opportunities Further Collaboration Opportunities Giving and Sponsorship Submenu: Giving and Sponsorship Giving Sponsorship Endowments Deutschlandstipendium Scholarship Program About RWTH Submenu: About RWTH Profile Submenu: Profile Our Identity Facts, Figures and Rankings: RWTH in Overview Principles and Strategy Internationalization Entrepreneurial University Awards and Honors Voluntary Leadership in Research History of RWTH Aachen University Excellence Strategy Submenu: Excellence Strategy The Excellence Strategy at RWTH University of Excellence Clusters of Excellence at RWTH Institutional Strategy II Institutional Strategy I Academic and Administrative Units Submenu: Academic and Administrative Units Faculties Rectorate Organizational Structure University Administration Campus Resources Central Institutions Staff Councils & Other Representations Featured RWTH Events Submenu: Featured RWTH Events Science Events for the Public RWTHextern - University for Everyone Honors Awarded to Our Graduates and Early-Career Researchers Honors Awarded by RWTH and the City of Aachen Special Honors Awarded by RWTH Special RWTH Events The RWTH Community Submenu: The RWTH Community Gender and Diversity Inclusion and Accessibility Family-Friendly University and Work Life Balance Health Portal Career Submenu: Career RWTH Jobs Portal Working at RWTH Working in RWTH's Scientific Community Working in Management, Administration, Technology & IT Career & Personal Development RWTH Welcome Center Interesting Facts Living in Aachen and Beyond Sustainability Submenu: Sustainability Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Report Sustainability Mission Statement Sustainability Focus Areas Networks Help Build a Sustainable RWTH Newsletter, FAQ and Downloads Faculties Submenu: Faculties Faculty 1 Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty 2 Architecture Faculty 3 Civil Engineering Faculty 4 Mechanical Engineering Faculty 5 Georesources and Materials Engineering Faculty 6 Electrical Engineering and Information Technology Faculty 7 Arts and Humanities Faculty 8 Business and Economics Faculty 9 Computer Science Faculty 10 Medicine Information for... Quick Access Prospective Students First Year Students Students Early-Career Researchers Researchers International Alumni School Students Corporate Visitors Press Tools RWTHonline RWTHcontacts RWTHmoodle Intranet Services Dining Hall Menus RWTH Navigator Student Resources and Support Official Announcements Institutions University Library IT Center Center for Teaching and Learning Services Athletics and Recreation Central University Administration Search by Name Search for Search You Are Here: Start Academics Before Your Studies Prospective International Students Prospective International Students More than 30 percent of our students are from other countries who have come to RWTH Aachen University to study for their bachelor's or master's degree or for their doctoral studies. Are you interested in studying at RWTH? Play Video Why Should You Apply to RWTH? The University is proud of its international campus and global outlook, offering excellent networks and a world-class reputation that is particularly valued by companies. Rankings Career Perspectives Internationalization Gender and Diversity and Accessibility Why Aachen? Experience Reports Alumni Copyright: © Alexander Müller How Can I Prepare Myself for My Studies? Quickly getting up to speed with the subject matter in your degree program is key to your success at RWTH. Our courses of study are very demanding and require thorough preparation. Please take the time to familiarize yourself with German culture and its unique characteristics in advance. This will make it easier for you to get started and settle in. Courses of Study Bridge Courses Language Courses Self-Assessments Smart Study Start Preliminary Internship DAAD Important information for first-semester students Copyright: © Martin Braun How do I Apply to Study at RWTH? Are you interested in pursuing a bachelor's and/or master's degree or your doctorate here? Or are you considering taking part in an exchange program like ERASMUS at RWTH? You will find all the information you need on the following pages. Degree students (incoming) Bachelor Master Doctoral Studies Fast Track Bachelor Admission Program (FTBA) Academic Info Desk (AID) for Refugees Our admissions department can answer any questions you may have: Division 2.1 - International Admissions If you are interested in taking part in an exchange program at RWTH, see the following page: Exchange students (Incoming) Copyright: © Martin Braun What Do I Have to Organize? You have applied and been accepted, now it is time for you to organize some very important matters from your home country before you come to RWTH. These can include applying for your visa and health insurance, finding accommodation, scheduling these different steps, etc. First Steps and Tutorials for Internationals Entry Visa and Residence Permit Costs and Finances Tips for International Students - How do I finance my studies in Germany? Funding Programs DAAD Scholarships and Funding Programs RWTH Copyright: © Martin Braun Which Onboarding and Support Services Are Available at RWTH? Please plan your arrival in Aachen so that you can take part in the introductory weeks (Welcome Week for international students and orientation week for all first-year students.) This is important to help you settle in and succeed in your studies. First steps and tutorials for international students Help and support for international first-year students Our international support teams will help you before and during your studies at RWTH. We look forward to welcoming you and we will assist you during your stay at RWTH Aachen University. International Student Center (students) Welcome Center (researchers/PhDs) Good to know! Semester dates Copyright: © Stanislava Petkova Similar Topics Target Group Portal for Internationals Footer Services Contact and Directions Legal Notice Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Site Map Safety Feedback Glossary of Academic Terms Other Portals RWTHonline RWTHcontacts RWTHmoodle RWTH Jobs Portal University Library Athletics and Recreation Intranet RWTH in Simple English Further Institutions © 2026 RWTH Aachen University Social Media Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok Facebook Threads BlueSky Mastodon RWTH Social Media Dialog window The content embedded in this web page will take you to web pages provided by the Google-operated video sharing platform YouTube - YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. Invoking this content makes it possible for YouTube to determine your IP address, the language setting of your system, and a number of browser-specific details. If you are logged in to your YouTube account, you make it possible for YouTube to tie your web browsing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube uses cookies and tracking tools. Information on YouTube's data processing activities and the purpose of these activities is available and can be viewed at YouTube . By clicking the "accept" button, you agree to use the content provided by the platform under the conditions outlined above. Please note that you give your consent for a one-time use of the web page only. When you visit the page again, you will again be asked for your consent. The content embedded in this web page will take you to web pages provided by the Vimeo - Vimeo LLC, 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011. Invoking this content makes it possible for Vimeo to determine your IP address, the language setting of your system, and a number of browser-specific details. If you are logged in to your Vimeo account, you make it possible for Vimeo to tie your web browsing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account. Vimeo uses cookies and tracking tools. Information on Vimeo's data processing activities and the purpose of these activities is available and can be viewed at Vimeo . By clicking the "accept" button, you agree to use the content provided by the platform under the conditions outlined above. Please note that you give your consent for a one-time use of the web page only. When you visit the page again, you will again be asked for your consent. The content embedded in this web page will take you to external web pages. Invoking this content makes it possible for the external platform to determine your IP address, the language setting of your system, and a number of browser-specific details. By clicking the "accept" button, you agree to use the content provided by the platform under the conditions outlined above. Please note that you give your consent for a one-time use of the web page only. When you visit the page again, you will again be asked for your consent. Decline Accept