Dear Applicant, Welcome to the Westminster International University in Tashkent application portal. You are about to start an online application for the 2026-2027 academic year. Please carefully read the information below before starting your application Deadlines Certificate of International Foundation Studies - Wednesday, July 15, 2026 Undergraduate/Direct Entry (transfer) programmes - Monday, August 17, 2026 Postgraduate programmes - Monday, August 17, 2026 Required documents You will be required to submit the following documents on your online application꞉ CIFS UNDERGRADUATE POSTGRADUATE Applicants who have recently completed 11th grade at school or lyceum can apply directly to the Certificate of International Foundation Studies course. The successful completion of this first-year course allows students to progress to their degree courses. To transfer to WIUT, choose an undergraduate course if you are currently studying at another university or hold internationally recognized certificates such as Cambridge A level or an IB Diploma. To apply for a Master's degree at WIUT, you should have a Bachelor's degree. To support you with your application process, you may꞉ Visit us Schedule an online Q&A session with an Admissions officer for detailed information on courses and admission. Please note that online information sessions are available only for international and postgraduate applicants. Important꞉ The data that you enter in your online application, including the contents of all attachments, is subject to verification. It is your responsibility to ensure that all information provided in the application is accurate. The University reserves the right to withdraw an offer of admission or terminate your enrollment if there is any discrepancy between the submitted application data and the verified data. Students should submit only one application per the admissions cycle. You may be eligible for a Scholarship . Please visit https://www.wiut.uz/scholarship to learn more. The University reserves the right to amend the admission process and scholarship provision, to introduce additional entry requirements including, for example, an interview. Contact If you are unsure of your eligibility or require any clarifications regarding your documents or experience issues with the application system, please contact the WIUT Admissions office.We are available from Monday to Friday, 9꞉00 am to 6꞉00 pm, +998 71 238 74 60 or admission@wiut.uz Disclaimer꞉ WIUT does not have any bots on registration and any services offering assistance in WIUT Math Examination registration are illegal. If you have any questions on registration, please contact us via email or phone call. WIUT Admissions Policy Admissions Terms and Conditions * I agree to WIUT Admission terms and conditions START YOUR APPLICATION Documents 1. High quality personal photo 2. A copy of your ID (both sides) or passport 3. Secondary Education diploma with transcripts 4. English proficiency certificate (IELTS, TOEFL or equivalent) 5. Math proficiency certificate or WIUT Math exam results Close Documents 1. High quality personal photo 2. A photo of your ID (both sides) or passport 3. Secondary Education diploma with transcripts 4. Certificate of International Foundation Studies (with transcripts) or Unofficial transcripts from your University or A levels/IB results or equivalent 5. Math proficiency certificate or WIUT Math exam results Close Documents 1. High quality personal photo 2. A photo of your ID (both sides) or passport 3. Bachelor's diploma with transcripts 4. English proficiency certificate (IELTS, TOEFL or equivalent) 5. CV 6. Personal statement 7. Research proposal (for MSc Research Methods) Close