HOME PROGRAMMES INTERNATIONAL STUDENT OUR TEAM FAQs & INFO HOW TO APPLY APPLY NOW FAQs & INFO Home FAQs & INFO FAQs Foundation Diploma Diploma Diploma Executive Undergraduate Undergraduate via Open Channel (SATU) Postgraduate Postgraduate UMSItS & MAYA Portal Student Info (Programme Prospectus) International Booklet Student Info (Admission Essentials) Academic Intake Semester I (October) intake starts in October and ends in February. It is the main fall intake where most undergraduate and postgraduate programmes admit new students. Programmes offered include Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, and Doctoral Degree , with study modes in Coursework, Industrial, Mixed-Mode, and Research . Semester II (March) intake starts in March and ends in July. It serves as the secondary spring intake and provides another entry point for selected programmes. Programmes offered include Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, and Doctoral Degree, with study modes in Coursework, Industrial, Mixed-Mode, and Research. Term I (June) intake starts in June. It is designed exclusively for Clinical Master's programmes offered by the Faculty of Medicine. This intake is distinct from the standard academic schedule and is tailored to meet the requirements of medical training. Programmes are offered at the Master's Degree level, with a study mode focused on Clinical practice and professional specialization. Semester I (July) intake starts in July and ends in December. It is the main mid-year intake for Foundation Programmes. This intake is offered at the pre-university level and is designed to prepare students with the academic foundation, skills, and knowledge required for progression into selected Bachelor's Degree programmes. Application Channel The UPU Channel is a centralized admission system managed by the Malaysian Ministry of Higher Education, open only to Malaysian citizens with Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), Ordinary Level (O-Levels), International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE), Sijil Pelajaran Tinggi Malaysia (STPM), Matriculation, Foundation, Sijil Tinggi Agama Malaysia (STAM), Diploma, Advanced Level (A-Level), International Baccalaureate (IB), Australian Matriculation (AUSMAT) or equivalent qualifications, requiring applications through UPUOnline and following a competitive, merit-based selection process. The SATU Channel (UM Open Channel) is an alternative admission pathway offered directly by Universiti Malaya, open only to Malaysian citizens, allowing applicants with various academic backgrounds, inclusive of Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), Ordinary Level (O-Levels), International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE), Sijil Pelajaran Tinggi Malaysia (STPM), Matriculation, Foundation, Sijil Tinggi Agama Malaysia (STAM), Diploma, Advanced Level (A-Level), International Baccalaureate (IB), Australian Matriculation (AUSMAT) or equivalent qualifications, to submit applications directly through the MAYA Portal, making it a more flexible option for admission. The International Channel is an admission pathway offered directly by Universiti Malaya, open to international students, with applications submitted exclusively through the MAYA Portal. It accepts applicants with Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), Ordinary Level (O-Levels), International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE), Sijil Pelajaran Tinggi Malaysia (STPM), Matriculation, Foundation, Sijil Tinggi Agama Malaysia (STAM), Diploma, Advanced Level (A-Level), International Baccalaureate (IB), Australian Matriculation (AUSMAT), Senior High School Certificate (SHSC), High School Certificate (HSC), Grade 12 or equivalent qualifications, which makes it more accessible for the global community with diverse qualifications to apply for admisison. However, for those applying for master's degree or doctoral degree programmes, whether you are a Malaysian or international student, there is only one channel available, which is an application submitted through the MAYA Portal. Application Fee Application fees apply based on the type of program selected. Please note the following payment requirements: * Category: Malaysian Full-Time: Open Channel (SATU) Mode: MYR 300.00 per one (1) application - Foundation, Advanced Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree & Doctoral Degree Only Full-Time: Conventional Mode: MYR 50.00 per one (1) application - Diploma Only Full-Time: Online & Distance Learning (ODL) Mode: MYR 300.00 per one (1) application - Master's Degree Only Part-Time: Conventional Mode: MYR 300.00 per one (1) application - Master's Degree & Doctoral Degree Only * Category: International Full-Time: Conventional Mode: MYR 500.00 per one (1) application - Foundation, Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree & Doctoral Degree Only Full-Time: Online & Distance Learning (ODL) Mode: MYR 500.00 per one (1) application - Master's Degree Only Part-Time: Conventional Mode: MYR 500.00 per one (1) application - Master's Degree & Doctoral Degree Only Applicants must ensure the correct fee is paid according to their selected programme and applicant category to facilitate the processing of their application. The payment of the application fee does not guarantee admission but ensures the application is reviewed based on programme eligibility criteria. Additionally, the application fee is non-refundable , as it covers the costs associated with evaluating applications to ensure a comprehensive assessment. If you wish to request to the status of your application payment , inquire about our Refund policy , obtain details regarding our official banking procedures , confirm eligibility for alumni fee reductions , update your scholarship information , or review the most recent programme fee structure , we request that you email your inquiry to our dedicated Student Bursary Department at bursar_student@um.edu.my. The Student Bursary Department is responsible for managing all student-related financial matters, and they will carefully review your request, verify the details, and provide you with the relevant information in a timely manner, while ensuring transparency, consistency, and clarity across all financial processes. Application Disclaimer Applicants must fulfil all general and specific entry requirements set by the university to be considered. Failure to fulfil these requirements will result in the rejection of the application. Reapplying or applying for the same program within the same intake and academic session is not permitted , as such applications will be considered invalid and voided. Once an application is submitted for processing, no changes can be made to the provided details . Applicants are advised to carefully review all information before finalizing their submission . Submission of an application does not guarantee placement. Admission decisions are based on multiple factors assessed during the screening process, including academic merit, competition for available spots, and fulfilment of entry requirements. All submitted documents must be authentic and verifiable. Any falsified or misleading information will result in immediate disqualification from the admission process. Applicants must adhere to the application deadlines set by the university. Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. All applicants must communicate directly with the University regarding their own applications. The University does not appoint or authorize third parties to act or inquire on behalf of applicants without formal written consent . Any unauthorized handling or disclosure of personal information may constitute a violation of the privacy policy and data protection regulations The University is committed to safeguarding personal data and reserves the right to take appropriate action , including reporting violations to the relevant authorities Application Options Applicants have two options when submitting their applications. This option is entirely optional. Applicants may submit multiple separate applications for each preferred programme, with no limit on the number of applications or, Applicants may utilize the "other preferred programme" function on the application portal to select multiple preferred programmes within a single application. However, priority will be given to applicants who submit multiple separate applications rather than those who list additional preferred programmes under a single application. Applications submitted under the "other preferred programme" option will only be considered if placements remain available after the initial application process for all programmes has concluded. Application Results The announcement of application results will be released gradually. We understand that this may require some patience on your part, and we assure you that the university is diligently working to finalize the evaluation process. To stay informed about the status of your application, we encourage you to regularly check the application portal at apply.um.edu.my . By following these simple steps, you will be able to view the result of your application: Log in to the application portal using your credentials. Click on the admission tab. Access the submitted application section. The decision regarding your application will be indicated in this section. If you are shortlisted for the programme and an interview or test is required, you will be notified via email with the interview details. Please note that the timing of the interviews will not be specified in advance, as they will be conducted periodically. If you have not yet received any communication regarding an interview or application result, it means that your application is still under review. For Malaysians applying via Bachelor's Degree SATU Channel applications, please note that the full offer letter will be issued only after the announcement of the UPU Appeal results. For applicants who have received a Pra-Tawaran, please rest assured that you have been accepted to enrol in the programme. You will only need to take further action on enrolment once the full offer is released. Types of Offer Letters Full Offer Letter Issued when an applicant has successfully met all programme requirements set by Universiti Malaya. This letter serves as the official confirmation of the applicant's place at the university. A Full Offer Letter can be used for all official and administrative purposes, including programme enrolment, financial sponsorship applications, and student visa processing for international applicants. It represents the final and unconditional approval of admission to the chosen programme. Conditional Offer Letter Issued when an applicant is offered a place but still needs to fulfil specific conditions before the offer can be converted into a full offer. A common condition is the submission of valid English language proficiency test results if these have not been provided or do not meet the required standard. It cannot be used for official purposes such as enrolment, student visa applications, or financial sponsorship. A Full Offer Letter will be issued once all specified conditions are met, and only then will enrolment be confirmed. Provisional Offer Letter Issued during international education exhibitions as a preliminary confirmation of admission. This letter reflects the university's interest in the applicant's candidacy but does not carry the status of a Conditional Offer Letter or a Full Offer Letter. Applicants must still complete and submit their official application via the online portal within the stated deadline. The letter cannot be used for student visa or immigration purposes, and remains subject to fulfilment of entry requirements and conditions. Pre-Offer Letter / Acknowledgement Letter (SATU Admission Only) Applicable only to Malaysians applying through the Bachelor's Degree SATU Channel. A Full Offer Letter will be commonly issued after the centralized UPU Appeal results are announced by the Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE). If you have received a Pre-Offer Letter or an Acknowledgement Letter, you are assured of admission to the programme. No further action is required until the Full Offer Letter is released. Online Consultation Request You are welcome to schedule an online consultation with our marketing team at https://calendly.com/virtual_consultation/studyunimalaya . Booking in advance allows us to dedicate time to your questions, whether you want to learn about programme details, clarify admission requirements, or plan your application. All consultations follow Malaysia Standard Time (GMT+8) and will be conducted via the Google Meet platform. After you submit a request, a Google Calendar invite will be sent to your email. Please confirm your attendance in advance. If you are unable to attend, please notify us so the slot can be offered to another applicant. To get the most from your session, we recommend preparing your questions, reviewing programmes of interest, having relevant documents ready, and ensuring a stable internet connection. We look forward to meeting you! Campus Visit Request Please be informed that university tour services are not available for individuals visiting our campus at present However, you are welcome to explore the campus independently, as most areas are accessible to the public. This will allow you to experience the unique atmosphere and facilities that Universiti Malaya has to offer. During your visit, should you have any inquiries or wish to learn more about the programmes available at Universiti Malaya, we encourage you to visit our office. Our dedicated marketing and recruitment liaison will be available to assist you from Monday to Friday, 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM , except during lunch breaks (Monday to Thursday, 1:00 PM to 2:00 PM; Friday, 12:15 PM to 2:45 PM) . You can find our office at the following address: Marketing & Recruitment Department Ground Floor, Block G, Perdanasiswa Complex Universiti Malaya, 50603 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia For institutions or organizations wishing to arrange an official visit, please submit your request by email to evisit@um.edu.my , providing all relevant details, including the purpose of the visit, preferred dates, number of participants, and any specific areas of interest. Age Requirement Universiti Malaya is committed to fostering an inclusive learning environment that welcomes students of all age groups . We do not impose any age-related restrictions on admission, as we believe in promoting lifelong learning and encouraging diverse participation in our academic programmes. Our institution values the unique perspectives and experiences that students of different ages bring, enriching the academic community and contributing to a dynamic and engaging educational experience for all. What's New? (UMSItS) For Applicant - The What's New section for applicants covers activation of student status for foundation, diploma, bachelor's degree, master's degree, and doctoral degree programmes, appeal outcomes for selected programmes, the introduction of the MAYA Portal queuing system, and registration and examination schedules for undergraduate and postgraduate students. https://umsitsguide.um.edu.my/applicant/new_main1_app.html For Student - The What's New section for students covers module registration and enrolment activation for undergraduate and postgraduate programmes, appeal processes, extra credit applications, and progress report submissions. It also includes updates on thesis and dissertation submission timelines, admission and examination schedules, improvements in registration, access to SPeCTRUM, and the introduction of a new teaching and examination timetable system. https://umsitsguide.um.edu.my/student_lecturer_staff/new_main1_stu-lec-stf.php Quick Guides (UMSItS) For Applicant - The Quick Guide for applicants provides infographics and videos to help applicants use UMSItS and the MAYA Portal. It covers resetting passwords and system access, submitting helpdesk reports, completing the online admission and offer acceptance process, selecting specialisations, registering modules, viewing timetables, and making fee payments. https://umsitsguide.um.edu.my/applicant/guides_main_app.html For Student - The Quick Guide for students offers infographics and videos to support students in using UMSItS and the MAYA Portal. It covers general system access, helpdesk reporting, enrolment and module registration, timetables, fee payments and financial aid, research management, and examination results. https://umsitsguide.um.edu.my/student_lecturer_staff/guides_main_stu-lec-stf.php Student Info (Applications Requirements) Accepted Qualifications Universiti Malaya will only take into consideration higher learning qualifications issued by Malaysian Higher Learning Institutions that are accredited by the Malaysia Qualification Agency (MQA) to be considered for admission to a higher level of degree programmes. To check on the accreditation of the qualification, you may access the following website . As for the higher learning qualifications issued by International Higher Learning Institutions, Universiti Malaya will accept only equivalent and recognized qualifications as listed on the Malaysia Qualifications Registry. Qualification Category SPM or equivalent is a secondary school qualification, similar to Ordinary Level (O-Levels) or International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) , taken at the end of high school (Form 5 or Grade 11). It is the minimum academic requirement for entry into pre-university programs such as the Foundation or Diploma programs on offer at Universiti Malaya, preparing students for further studies at the undergraduate level. STPM or equivalent is a higher-level pre-university qualification, comparable to Matriculation, Foundation, Sijil Tinggi Agama Malaysia (STAM), Diploma, Advanced Level (A-Level), International Baccalaureate (IB), Australian Matriculation (AUSMAT), Senior High School Certificate (SHSC), High School Certificate (HSC), Grade 12 or equivalent qualifications . It is required for direct admission into Bachelor's degree programs at Universiti Malaya, providing students with the necessary academic foundation for university studies. Bachelor's Degree or equivalent is an undergraduate qualification, awarded upon completion of tertiary education at an accredited university. It is the minimum requirement for admission into Master's degree programs at Universiti Malaya, serving as the foundation for postgraduate study and professional specialization. Master's Degree or equivalent is a postgraduate qualification that builds on undergraduate study through advanced coursework and research. Together with a recognized Bachelor's degree or equivalent, it is required for admission into Doctoral Degree programs at Universiti Malaya, ensuring candidates are prepared to undertake independent, original research at the highest academic level. Language of Instruction Universiti Malaya conducts all academic programmes in the English Language unless otherwise specified. However, certain programmes at the Academy of Islamic Studies, Academy of Malay Studies, Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences and Faculty of Languages & Linguistics are taught in other languages, including Malay, Arabic, Italian, French, German, Spanish, Japanese, Chinese, and Tamil. English Language Exemption Please be Informed that exemptions will be granted only for Postgraduates applicants in the following categories: Applicants from Countries with English language as the national language Applicants with an academic qualification from an institution that uses English as the medium of instruction Applicants who have completed their higher studies in Malaysia and intend to further their education to the next level, as per requirement #2. Applicants eligible for requirements exemption for #2 and #3 for should provide a letter of proof from their previous learning institution confirming that their previous studies were conducted in English For those requesting an exemption, please indicate "None/ Not Applicable" in the English Language Proficiency section on the application portal and upload the letter of proof accordingly Conditional Offer letter may be considered for applicants who have not submitted their English Language Requirements but have met the General and Specific Entry Requirements The specific deadline for submitting your English language test scores will be stated in the conditional offer letter you receive. It is important to ensure that the required documents are submitted by the given deadline Please be advised that failure to meet the English language requirement by the specified date may result in the withdrawal or cancellation of the conditional offer Please also ensure that the English Language proficiency score is valid when submission is made; the validity periods are: International English Language Testing System (IELTS) - 2 Years Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) - 2 Years Pearson English Language Test (PTE) - 2 Years Malaysian University English Test (MUET) - 2 Years Cambridge English Qualifications & Tests - Indefinitely IELTS Indicator, TOEFL (Home Edition, and TOEFL ITP are not accepted for admission purposes. these test formats are intended for practice or internal placement assessment, and they do not meet the official English language proficiency requirement for application. Applicants must submit results from recognize and valid test formats only. IELTS One Skill Retake is accepted to fulfill the IELTS language requirement. This means if an applicant needs to improve a single component (Listening, Reading, Writing, or Speaking), they may take the retake option instead of sitting for the full test again. The overall result will be considered valid as long as it meets the university's entry requirements. IELTS UKVI is not accepted as an alternative for the IELTS requirement at UM. This version of the test is specifically designed for students applying to institutions in the United Kingdom and for UK visa purposes. Since UM is not in the UK, IELTS UKVI is not applicable for admission and will not be considered valid. Entry Requirements for China Nationals Gaokao Standards for Chinese Nationals Effective October 23, 2025 , applicants holding a National High School Certificate from China and seeking admission to Universiti Malaya's Bachelor's Degree programmes must fulfill a revised academic standard. In addition to the fulfilment of the general and specific entry requirements listed on the official website, applicants are now required to submit official documentation of their National Higher Education Entrance Examination (Gaokao) results . To qualify, the overall Gaokao score must meet a minimum average of 80% . For application processing, only official verification reports issued by the Centre for Student Services and Development (CSSD) , under the Ministry of Education, China, will be accepted. It is important to note that this specific requirement applies only to Chinese nationals and failure to comply with these regulations or providing false documentation will regrettably result in the immediate rejection of the application. Those applicants with international qualifications or who graduated from institutions outside of China are exempt from the Gaokao requirement. Accepted Qualifications for Chinese Nationals In alignment with Universiti Malaya's commitment to maintaining rigorous international academic standards, we are updating the list of acceptable international qualifications for direct entry into our Bachelor's Degree Programmes. Effective Semester 2, Academic Session 2025/2026 , certain qualifications offered outside of Malaysia will no longer be recognised for admission. Specifically, this adjustment applies to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) offered in China, Advanced Level (A-Level) offered in China, and any Foundation or equivalent qualification offered in China. Please be advised that the sole exception to this adjustment is the successful completion of the Senior High School Certificate (SHSC)/ High School Certificate (HSC)/ Grade 12/ Universiti Malaya (UM) Foundation Programme offered in China. We encourage all relevant international applicants to review the full admissions guide to ensure their qualifications meet the current entry criteria. Application Documents Applicants must submit the following documents for their applications to be considered by the selection committee: Passport Size Photo - Follow the guidelines at this link to avoid delays. Passport Copy - Provide a clear copy of the first page for verification for Non-Citizen Applicants. National Identity Card - Provide a clear copy of MyKad for verification for Citizen Applicants. Academic Transcript & Certificate - Provide a national high school diploma, bachelor's degree, master's degree, or any equivalent qualifications. English Proficiency Certificate - Mandatory to meet the English language requirements set specifically for each programme. Additional Documents (if applicable) - Include qualification verification letter, work experience, research evidence, sponsorship/scholarship letter, or professional qualifications. Research Proposal - Required for Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree by research applicants, detailing the research topic, objectives, and methodology. Advanced Subsidiary, Predicted, Provisional, Mock, Trial, or Expected results are not accepted for admission. Only finalized and official academic transcripts and certificates will be considered. Temporary transcripts are acceptable if accompanied by a senate letter confirming the completion of studies. This documentation ensures that your academic achievements are properly validated during the evaluation process. Applicants who have not completed their current studies should refrain from applying , as incomplete applications will be void. Only those with fully completed academic qualifications and documentation will be considered. For qualifications graded under a system different from our grading system , a cross-matching assessment will be conducted before issuance of any offer letters. Applicants must submit their applications via the online portal for a comprehensive evaluation. Entry requirements vary by programme, depending on qualifications and faculty criteria. To verify eligibility, applicants are encouraged to submit relevant documents through the application portal for a comprehensive assessment and review. Applicants must ensure that all required documents, including academic transcripts and certificate s, are certified by the registrar of their previous institution or the respective embassy to verify their authenticity and support the evaluation process. Official translations are required for any documents not originally in English or Malay to ensure proper understanding and assessment by the selection committee. All submitted documents, including passports and language proficiency certificates, must remain valid throughout the application process. Expired or outdated documents may result in the application being void and rejected. If passport details cannot be submitted due to immigration policies restricting passport applications, applicants may initially provide their national identity card details. However, upon receiving a full offer of admission, applicants must promptly update their passport details via email at application@um.edu.my for further processing. Fee Waiver We regret to inform you that no fee waiver are available for application or admission fees. All applicants are therefore required to make the necessary payment for the processing fee in order for their applications to be considered The University is unable to grant waivers as these fees are essential to cover the administrative and processing costs associated with handling applications, including the evaluation of academic qualifications, verification of supporting documents, and coordination across multiple departments. These processes ensure that every application is assessed fairly and efficiently. In addition, the fee structure is applied uniformly to maintain equity and consistency for all applicants We understand that this policy may affect your decision, and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience it may cause. Nonetheless, we assure you that the application and admission process has been designed to deliver transparency, fairness, and value to every applicant. Student Info (Program Structure) Professional Accreditations 1) BACHELOR'S DEGREE PROGRAMMES BACHELOR OF ISLAMIC EDUCATION Suruhanjaya Perkhidmatan Pendidikan (SPP) (Malaysia) Kementerian Pendidikan Malaysia (KPM) (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF USULUDDIN ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) BACHELOR OF SHARIAH ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) BACHELOR OF ARTS ANTHROPOLOGY & SOCIOLOGY ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) BACHELOR OF REAL ESTATE Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyor (RICS)(UK) Board of Valuer, Appraisers, Estate Agents and Property Managers (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF QUANTITY SURVEYING Board of Quantity Surveyors (Malaysia) Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyor (RICS)(UK) BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN ARCHITECTURE Board of Architects (Malaysia) Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA)(UK) BACHELOR OF URBAN & REGIONAL PLANNING Malaysian Board of Town Planners (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF BUILDING SURVEYING Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) (UK) Royal Institution of Surveyors (RISM) (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF FINANCE Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) (Malaysia) Malaysian Financial Planning Council (MFPC) (Malaysia) American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) (USA) Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) (UK) BACHELOR OF ACCOUNTING Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants (MICPA) (Malaysia) Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) (UK) Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW) (UK) Certified Practising Accountants Australia (CPA) (Australia) American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) (USA) Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) (UK) Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy (CIPFA) (UK) Malaysian Financial Planning Council (MFPC) (Malaysia) International Association of Education Professionals (IAEP) (USA) BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) (USA) Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) (UK) Malaysian Financial Planning Council (MFPC) (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF ECONOMICS American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) (USA) Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) (UK) Malaysian Financial Planning Council (MFPC) (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF DENTAL SURGERY Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) BACHELOR OF COUNSELLING Malaysian Board of Counsellors (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Board of Engineers Malaysia (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Board of Engineers Malaysia (Malaysia) Washington Accord BACHELOR OF BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING Board of Engineers Malaysia (Malaysia) ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) Washington Accord BACHELOR OF CHEMICAL ENGINEERING Board of Engineers Malaysia (Malaysia) Washington Accord BACHELOR OF CIVIL ENGINEERING Board of Engineers Malaysia (Malaysia) Washington Accord BACHELOR OF ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND LINGUISTICS ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) BACHELOR OF MEDICINE & BACHELOR OF SURGERY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) BACHELOR NURSING SCIENCE Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF PHARMACY WITH HONOURS Pharmacy Board Malaysia (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN PHYSICS ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Programm Assessment) BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN CHEMISTRY Royal Society of Chemistry (UK) BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN APPLIED GEOLOGY Board of Geologists Malaysia (Malaysia) BACHELOR OF ACTUARIAL SCIENCE Institute and Faculty of Actuaries (IFoA) (UK) Casualty Actuarial Society (CAS) (USA) Society of Actuaries (SOA) (UK) University and College Actuarial Program (UCAP) (USA) BACHELOR OF LAWS Legal Profession Qualifying Board (LPQB) (Malaysia) --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 2) MASTER'S DEGREE PROGRAMMES MASTER OF ARTS (SOUTHEAST ASIAN HISTORY) ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) MASTER OF ARCHITECTURE Board of Architects Malaysia (Malaysia) Royal Institute of British Architects(RIBA) (UK) MASTER OF REAL ESTATE Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) (UK) MASTER OF PROJECT MANAGEMENT Project Management Institute (PMI)(USA) MASTER OF FACILITIES AND MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) (UK) MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) Association of MBAs (AMBA) (UK) European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) (UK) Academy of Management International (AMI) (USA) Chartered Financial Analyst Institute (CFA Institute) (USA) Internal Auditing Education Partnership (IAEP) (USA) American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) (USA) Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) (UK) MASTER OF EURO-ASIAN MBA-MSc Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) Association of MBAs (AMBA) (UK) European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) MASTER OF MANAGEMENT Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) MASTER OF ACCOUNTING (REPORTING & MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY) Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) (USA) Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) (UK) European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) MASTER OF MARKETING Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) Academy of Management International (AMI) (USA) European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) (UK) MASTER OF ECONOMICS European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) MASTER OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) MASTER OF DEVELOPMENT STUDIES European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) MASTER OF APPLIED STATISTICS European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) MASTER OF COMMUNITY ORAL HEALTH Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF DENTAL SCIENCE Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF ORAL SCIENCE Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PROFESSIONAL COUNSELLING Malaysian Board of Counselor (Malaysia) MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) Asia-Pacific Academic Consortium for Public Health (APACPH) MASTER OF MEDICAL PHYSICS Institute of Physics & Engineering in Medicine (UK) MASTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF SCIENCE IN INSTRUMENTAL ANALYTICAL CHEMISTRY Royal Society of Chemistry (UK) MASTER OF ASEAN STUDIES ASEAN University Network (AUN-QA Program Assessment) MASTER OF ANAESTHESIOLOGY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF OBSTETRICS & GYNAECOLOGY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF OBSTETRICS & GYNAECOLOGY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF CLINICAL ONCOLOGY & GYNAECOLOGY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF OTORHINOLOGYNGOLOGY - HEAD & NECK SURGERY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PATHOLOGY (HAEMATOLOGY) Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PATHOLOGY (MEDICAL MICROBIOLOGY) Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PATHOLOGY (ANATOMICAL PATHOLOGY) Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PATHOLOGY (FORENSIC PATHOLOGY) Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PATHOLOGY (CHEMICAL PATHOLOGY) Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PAEDIATRIC'S Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PAEDIATRIC'S SURGERY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF INTERNAL MEDICINE Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF EMERGENCY MEDICINE Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF FAMILY MEDICINE Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF REHABILITATION MEDICINE Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF PSYCHOLOGICAL MEDICINE Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF SPORTS MEDICINE Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF RADIOLOGY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF SURGERY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF ORTHOPAEDIC SURGERY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) MASTER OF NEUROSURGERY Malaysia Medical Council (Malaysia) --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3) DOCTORAL DEGREE PROGRAMMES DOCTOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) (USA) European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) - Member (Belgium) DOCTOR IN ORTHODONTICS Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR IN PROSTHODONTICS Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR IN PERIODONTOLOGY Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR IN SPECIAL CARE DENTISTRY Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR IN ORAL MAXILLOFACIAL PATHOLOGY AND ORAL MEDICINE Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia DOCTOR IN PAEDIATRIC DENTISTRY Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR IN PAEDIATRIC DENTISTRY Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR IN RESTORATIVE DENTISTRY Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR OF DENTAL PUBLIC HEALTH Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) DOCTOR OF PUBLIC HEALTH Malaysian Dental Council (Malaysia) Note: For programmes that are not listed above, however, are already accredited by the Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA). The status of accreditation can be verified through the official Malaysian Qualifications Register at https://www2.mqa.gov.my/mqr/ . Accreditation is the formal recognition that a certificate, diploma, or degree complies with the standards set under the Malaysian Qualifications Framework (MQF). It provides assurance to students, parents, and employers that the programme has undergone quality assurance processes. Accreditation is also a legal requirement for recognition by the Public Service Department (PSD) and other employers, particularly in the public sector. Accredited programmes confer specific entitlements. Students enrolled in such programmes are eligible to apply for PTPTN loans and other approved financial assistance. They are also entitled to pursue further studies, including credit transfer to other recognised institutions.Graduates of accredited programmes qualify for employment in the public sector and are generally accepted by private sector employers. In addition, institutions offering accredited programmes may, with prior approval, franchise these programmes to other institutions. Accreditation functions both as a guarantee of quality and as a statutory requirement for recognition, ensuring compliance with the national education framework Programme Duration UNDERGRADUATES STUDIES 1) Bachelor's Degree (Full-Time) Candidates are required to register for a full academic load each semester and attend classes, tutorials, laboratory sessions, and other academic activities as scheduled by the University. . The normal durations of study ranges between 3.5 to 5 years , depending on the specific program and faculty requirements Certain programs may required to a longer period of study due to professional accreditation standard, industrial training components, or the inclusion of practical and clinical placements . This structure ensures that undergraduates students receive a balance combination of theoretical knowledge, practical experience, and academic support throughout their studies. POSTGRADUATES STUDIES The duration required for the completion of postgraduate programmes depends on the course type and the individual candidate's progress .You are eligible to complete your study programme within the minimum or maximum number of semesters prescribed by the faculty . Here are the programme duration details: 1) Master's Degree (Full-Time) Coursework :2-3 Semester (Min) to 8 Semester (Max) Mixed-Mode :3-4 Semester (Min) to 8-9 Semester (Max) Research :2-3 Semester (Min) to 8-9 Semester (Max) Clinical :4 Years (Min) to 7 Years (Max) Postgraduate Diploma :1.5 Years (Min) to 5.5 Years (Max) 2) Master's Degree (Part-Time) Coursework :4-5 Semester (Min) to 12-13 Semester (Max) Mixed-Mode :5-6 Semester (Min) to 12-13 Semester (Max) Research :4 Semester (Min) to 12 Semester (Max) Clinical :5 Years (Min) to 9 Years (Max) Postgraduate Diploma :3.5 Years (Min) to 9.5 Years (Max) 3) Doctoral Degree (Full-Time) Doctor of Philosophy :4 Semester (Min) to 12 Semester (Max) Doctor of Medicine :4 Semester (Min) to 10 Semester (Max) Doctor of Public Health :6 Semester (Min) to 12 Semester (Max) Doctor of Dental Public Health :6 Semester (Min) to 12 Semester (Max) Doctor of Business Administration :6 Semester (Min) to 12 Semester(Max) Doctor of Clinical Dentistry :6 Semester (Min) to 8 Semester (Max) 4) Doctoral Degree (Part-Time) Doctor of Philosophy :6 Semester (Min) to 16 Semester (Max) Doctor of Medicine :6 Semester (Min) to 14 Semester (Max) Doctor of Public Health :8 Semester (Min) to 16 Semester (Max) Doctor of Dental Public Health :8 Semester (Min) to 16 Semester (Max) Doctor of Business Administration :16 Semester (Min) to 12 Semester(Max) Doctor of Clinical Dentistry :8 Semester (Min) to 12 Semester (Max) Part-time study refer to a study method in which a candidate enrolls in fewer courses or credit hours compared to the full-time mode. A part-time student carries less than 14 credits in a regular semester, which is defined as less than 60% of the total maximum credits permitted in 1 semester This method is designed to provide greater flexibility, allowing candidates to balance academic requirements with work, Family responsibilities, or other commitments, while still progressing toward the completion of their program. Graduation Requirement for Bachelor's Degree Achieve a final CGPA of 2.00 or above Complete the prescribed number of credits for the program of study. Fulfil any additional requirements set by the Faculty where the student is registered. Meet the prescribed language requirements . Satisfy any other requirements approved by the University Senate from time to time. The total credits required for graduation shall be as approved by the University Senate. This applies under normal circumstances as well as in cases where the University has established special regulations with another university or institution, such as through a letter of understanding or memorandum of understanding regarding the admission of students from that institution to Universiti Malaya to continue their program of study. A student must complete the minimum prescribed duration of study for the program in order to graduate CONFERMENT OF BACHELOR'S DEGREE WITH HONOURS A student may be awarded a Bachelor's Degree with Honours once all requirements of the program of study, as prescribed, have been fulfilled. The degree is awarded as an Honours degree based on the final CGPA . To qualify for the award of a Pass with Honours , the student must obtain a final CGPA of not less than 2.00 . CONFERMENT OF BACHELOR'S DEGREE WITH HOUNOUR (WITH DISTINCTION) A student may be awarded a Bachelor's Degree with Honours (With Distinction) if the following conditions are fulfilled: a) Achieves a final CGPA of 3.70 or above . b) Has never obtained a grade F for any course throughout the programme of study. c.) Has never repeated any course due to failure or for the purpose of upgrading the course grade. d) Has completed the program of study within the minimum or approved duration . Studying & Working International students are permitted to work part-time for a maximum of 20 hours per week However, this is only allowed during semester breaks or holidays that exceed 7 days , and as long as their student passes remain valid It is crucial to note that prior approval from the Department of Immigration is required . While working part-time, international students are not allowed to work as cashiers . In the hotel sector, they are also prohibited from working as singers, masseurs, musicians, or Guest Relation Officers (GROs) . Furthermore, international students must refrain from engaging in any job or activity considered immoral To apply for part-time work, international students must submit their applications through their enrolled educational institution . It is mandatory for the international student to be student passes remain valid Furthermore, international students must refrain from engaging in any present with a representative from the institution at the Immigration Department of Malaysia to complete the application process. For more details, you may visit the Education Malaysia Global Services (EMGS) website: https://hub.emgs.com.my/part-time-job-while-studying/ Class Schedule Arrangements The postgraduate programmes class schedule arrangements provides essential information for applicants to set clear expectations regarding the class schedule. This arrangement details comprises the list of programmes on offer, and the overall class schedule arrangement, specifying the exact class time, duration per module, class week, and occurrence per module. By reviewing this schedule, you can proactively plan your enrolment and personal commitments prior to officially registering for the programme. For complete, up-to-date details, please refer to the following link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eH390EqEuCueM55zeIcwv9t7-GZeJUWsT6oCc4KIJ_g/edit?usp=sharing However, the specific class schedule for each course will only be shared once students have completed the registration processes for that particular semester. For further detail on this, you can reach out directly to the postgraduate office at your respective faculties. Student Info (Research Program) Research Programme Applicants seeking admission to Master's Degree by Research and Doctoral Degree by Research programmes are required to submit a concise statement of their research intent as part of the application process. This statement should encompass a minimum of 1,000 word s and include the following components: Research Field Research Topic Problem Statement Research Objectives Research Methodology Research Significance References It is essential to note that the research intent should emanate from the applicants themselves, reflecting their commitment to the programme through research. Furthermore, the research intent should be aligned with our university's research expertise, which you can verify through the following website: https://researcharea.um.edu.my/ . This statement of research intent serves as a critical component of the application process and plays a key role in the evaluation of your application. Research Supervisor Applicants applying for Master's Degree by Research and Doctoral Degree by Research programmes are required to nominate a research supervisor prior to their submission of applications. Selecting a research supervisor before submitting your application is a mandatory requirement . Securing approval from a supervisor significantly enhances your chances of admission to your desired research programme. It is advisable to reach out to prospective supervisors beforehand, and their contact details are available at https://umexpert.um.edu.my/ . When reaching out, clearly state your research intentions and ensure alignment with their expertise. If the contacted supervisor is unable to be reached, you may still submit your application by nominating supervisors whose expertise aligns with your research interests via the application portal. The faculty will then facilitate the matching process of your research intent based on available supervision placements, research areas, and research expertise at the intended faculty. Response times may vary, so applicants are advised to plan accordingly. The appointment of multiple supervisors depends on research compatibility and agreement with the primary supervisor. Please be informed that the Program by Research is not currently offered in a remote-learning mode. Remote supervision may be considered if mutually agreed upon between you and your potential supervisor(s). You are strongly advised to consult with your supervisor in advance , as the feasibility of remote supervision will depend on several important factors, such as the scope of your research, the design and methodology you intend to apply, and the accessibility of your research sample or data sources. These considerations are essential to determine whether your study can be effectively managed under remote supervision. Research Residency Requirements It is compulsory for all candidates to attend all teaching and learning activities , as well research activities, related to their program of study. If a candidate is unable to attend any teaching and learning activities, they must immediately inform the lecturer, providing a valid reason for their absence along with relevant supporting documents The lecturer will inform the candidate about the consequences of being absent and will maintain records of the notification and class attendance With the approval of the faculty, a candidate may undertake a part of their programme of study at another institution of the notification and class attendance Candidates pursuing a program of study by research must comply with the Academical Residential Requirement , which entails either physical or non-physical presence for a minimum of one (1) semester Not withstanding the above, candidates pursuing a program of study by research can be considered to have fulfilled the Academic Residential Requirement if they have met any one (1) of the following condition: * Successfully completed and passed the Research Methodology Course . * Presented the Proposal Defence . * Presented the Conversion Seminar . * Presented the Candidature Defence . * Engaged in Face - Face Consultations . with the supervisor, as determined by the faculty. * Participated in Faculty acivities , as determined by the faculty. Research Graduation Requirements 1) MASTER'S DEGREE BY RESEARCH Achieve the required academic merit and successfully pass the examination of the dissertation and viva voce (if applicable), as well as any other designated assessments. Satisfy additional requirements as determined by the Faculty in which the candidates is enrolled Meet the prescribed language requirements in accordance with university regulations Comply with any other requirements as approved by the University Senate from time to time. Conferment of Master's Degree (With Distinction) : For programs of study by Research, a candidates who has met the graduation requirement may be awarded a Master's Degree (with Distinction) if the following conditions are fulfilled: The candidates has achieved a final CGPA of 3.70 or above . The candidates has never failed any courses . The candidates has never repeated any courses throughout the program of the study. The dissertation is recommended as Excellent by the Committee of Examiners, based on the examiners' reports The dissertation is submitted for examination for the first time . The duration of study does not exceed five (5) semester from the date of initial registration. The candidates fulfils any additional requirements determined by the University from time to time. 2) DOCTORAL DEGREE BY RESEARCH Achieve the required academic merit and successfully pass the examination of the thesis or dissertation, including the viva voce. Satisfy additional requirements as determined by the Faculty in which the candidates is enrolled. Meet the prescribed language requirements as approved by the University Senate from time to time. Comply with any other requirements as approved by the University Senate from time to time. Distinction Thesis Award : Candidates enrolled in programs of study by Research may be awarded a Distinction Thesis if they fulfill the following conditions: The thesis is submitted for examination for the first time. The submission is made within the maximum duration of study. At least one examiner recommends the thesis as Excellent in their report. The candidates demonstrates excellent performance during the viva voce examination. The research output has been published or accepted for publication in line with the graduation requirements of the program. The thesis is recommended as Excellent by the Committee of Examiners Conferment of Doctoral Degree (With Distinction) : For programmes of study by Research, a candidate who has met the graduation requirements may be awarded a Distinction Thesis if the following conditions are met: The candidate achieves a final CGPA of 3.70 or above. The candidate has never failed any courses. The candidate has never repeated any courses throughout the programme of study. The thesis is recommended as Excellent by the Committee of Examiners, based on the examiners' reports. The coursework and thesis components are completed and submitted for examination within six (6) semesters from the date of initial registration. The thesis is submitted for examination for the first time. The candidate fulfils any additional requirements determined by the Faculty from time Research Publication Requirements Publication Requirement for Postgraduate Candidates in Fulfilment of Graduation, Universiti Malaya MASTER'S DEGREE (1) Research Mode - Science Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Web of Science (WoS) . (2) Research Mode - Social Science / Arts and Humanities Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Web of Science (WoS) ; OR Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in the citation database of Scopus/Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI) / ERA Journal List (Australian Research Council) , OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM) or any publisher recognize and listed by the RC, OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) chapter in a book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM) , or any publisher recognize and listed by the RC, OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in the citation database of Scopus/Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI) / ERA Journal List (Australian Research Council) , OR ; Note: Proof of acceptance refers to the final acceptance letter for publication in a journal, book, or book chapter issued by the publisher. Journal articles, whether in the form of full-length articles or comprehensive review articles, may be accepted as fulfilling the graduation requirements, subject to the approval of the JKIT. However, publications in the form of review chapters in books are not accepted as fulfilling the graduation requirements All languages used in writing journals, books, or book chapters are acceptable, provided they meet the criteria for the publisher's status or the journal's indexing as specified. DOCTORAL DEGREE (1) Research Mode - Science Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) journal articles indexed in Web of Science (WoS) OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Web of Science (WoS) . (2) Research Mode - Social Science / Arts and Humanities Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Scopus Q1/Q2. OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) journal articles indexed in Scopus/Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI)/ERA Journal List (Australian Research Council). OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Scopus and two (2) journal articles of Jurnal Universiti Malaya . (For Jurnal Universiti Malaya, the list must be submitted to the Research Management Centre for approval. The duration of acceptance of the candidate's publication in the Jurnal Universiti Malaya is only until June 30, 2026.) OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM) . or any publisher recognized and listed by the Responsibility Centre (RC). OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) chapters in book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM . or any publisher recognized and listed by the RC. (Two (2) chapters from different books are equivalent to one (1) publication. (3) Mixed Mode - Science Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Web of Science (WoS) or one (1) journal article in Scopus . OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Web of Science (WoS) or one (1) journal article in Scopus . OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) journal articles in the Malaysian Citation Index (MyCite) or the journal recognized or listed by the RC. (4) Mixed Mode - Social Science / Arts and Humanities Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka, or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM) , or any publisher recognized and listed by the RC. OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) chapters in a book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM) or any publisher recognized and listed by the RC. (Two (2) chapters from different books are equivalent to one (1) publication. (5) Coursework Mode - Science Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Web of Science (WoS) or one (1) journal article in Scopus . OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) journal articles in the Malaysian Citation Index (MyCite) . OR ; Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM) . or any publisher recognized and listed by the RC. (6) Coursework Mode - Social Science / Arts and Humanities Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) publications in a peer-reviewed journal of Category B , or chapter in a book, as follows: Articles in Category B journals: Journal published by the University or a scholarly publisher or listed in Malaysian Journal Management System (MyJurnal). (List of Category B journals recognized and listed by the RC, OR Proof of acceptance of at least two (2) chapters in a book publication published by Web of Science (WoS) Master Book List or Universiti Malaya Press or Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka or Majlis Penerbitan Ilmiah Malaysia (MAPIM) or any publisher recognized and listed by the RC. (Two (2) chapters from different books are equivalent to one (1) publication.) (7) Clinical Mode - Science Proof of acceptance of at least one (1) journal article indexed in Web of Science (WoS) or Scopus Important Notes Proof of acceptance refers to the final acceptance letter for publication in a journal, book, or book chapter issued by the publisher. Journal articles, whether in the form of full-length articles or comprehensive review articles, may be accepted as fulfilling the graduation requirements, subject to the approval of the JKIT. However, publications in the form of review chapters in books are not accepted as fulfilling the graduation requirements. All languages used in writing journals, books, or book chapters are acceptable, provided they meet the criteria for the publisher's status or the journal's indexing as specified. Student Info (Support Services) Campus Locations Main Campus - Universiti Malaya, 50603 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan Kuala Lumpur. Second Campus - Universiti Malaya Education Centre, Mukim Telong, 16310, Bachok, Kelantan. Third Campus - Universiti Malaya Centre for Continuing Education, Cyberview 23 Main Building, 3410 Jalan Teknokrat 3, Cyber 4 Cyberjaya, 63000 Sepang, Selangor. Student Services Academic Calendar Accommodation & Airport Pickup - Foundation Accommodation & Airport Pickup - Diploma Accommodation & Airport Pickup - Undergraduate Accommodation & Airport Pickup - Postgraduate Graduate Research Assistant (GRA) Graduate Teaching Assistant (GTA) Student Visa Student Accommodation Student Welfare Mobility Programme Internship Placement Career Centre Graduate Pass Cost of Living Faculty Personnel Should you experience an y difficulties with the registration process, semester or programme withdrawal, late registration, access to spectrum, timetable, course structure, student verification letter, accreditation or affiliation, double degree, dual master's or dual PhD programme, we strongly encourage you to get in touch directly with the respective faculty's administrative personnel. Each faculty, academy, centre, and institute has dedicated teams who are available to assist with your inquiries and ensure a smooth registration experience. The relevant contact details, including email addresses and phone numbers, can be accessed through the official faculty websites listed above. These channels are your direct point of contact for any specific issues, clarifications, or further assistance regarding your registration or academic matters. Academy of Islamic Studies Academy of Malay Studies Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences Faculty of Built Environment Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Computer Science and Information Technology Faculty of Creative Arts Faculty of Dentistry Faculty of Education Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Languages and Linguistics Faculty of Law Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Science Faculty of Sports and Exercise Science Asia-Europe Institute (AEI) Institute for Advanced Studies (IAS) International Institute of Public Policy and Management (INPUMA) Centre for Foundation Studies, Universiti Malaya (PASUM) Universiti Malaya Centre for Continuing Education (UMCCed) Last Updated : Sep 25, 2026 Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Power by Marketing & Recruitment Division (MRD) | Privacy Policy | Site Credits | Disclaimer | Security Policy