Academic Services Department (ASD) exec.director_asd@um.edu.my 03-7967 3282 Menu Home About Us Mission and Vision Message From Executive Director Meet Our Team Executive Director Office Admission and Registration Centre Examination and Graduation Centre Sponsorship and Scholarship Centre Student Pass and Visa Unit Senate and Student Data Management Section / Administration Senate Members Our Services Registration Registration Schedule Semester Withdrawal Module Enrollment Specialisation Selection Extra Credit Pathway to Credit Transfer and Exemption (PaCE) MySiswa Card Student Pass Student Pass Overview Student Pass Visa Application Forms EMGS Insurance Financial Aid UM Scholars' Stories Financial Aid For Postgraduate Financial Aid For Undergraduate Examination Examination Instruction Misconduct in Examination Academic Dishonesty Dress Code for UM Students (During Examinations) Spectrum Exam Student APR Graduation Profile Verification Academic Verification Transcript Application UM Graduate Verification System (UMGVS) UM Convocation E-Book UM Convocation Awards and Prizes Student Mobility Academic Calendar Downloadable Forms News / Events Other Links Programmes UMSItS Guide Contact Us Office Address Feedback and Suggestions FAQ FAQ - Admission FAQ - Registration FAQ - Graduation FAQ - Financial Aid FAQ Undergraduate International Admission Home FAQ Undergraduate International Admission What are the requirements for admission into Undergraduate International Programmes at Universiti Malaya (UM)? The minimum undergraduate entry qualification is completed and passed a minimum of twelve (12) years of study and obtained the following qualifications : Passed the Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM)/A-Level/IB/High School/Grade 12/Equivalent; OR Possess a Diploma that is recognized by the University with at least a CGPA of 3.00 Applicant may be required to undergo an interview session for certain selection programme before being accepted by the respective faculty. What are the English requirements? Applicant must obtain: Band of 5.0 and above in IELTS (Academic) ; or Score of 500 (PBT), 173 (CBT) or 60 (IBT) and above in TOEFL; or Band of 3 and above in Malaysian University English Test (MUET); or Score 41 and above in Pearson Test of Academic English (PTE Academic); or Grade C and above in English for General Certificate of Education (A Level), University of Cambridge Grade C and above in English for General Certificate of Secondary Education (O Level), University of Cambridge;or Grade C and above in Cambridge Assessment English: First (FCE) There is an exception in the English requirements for the following listed programmes : FACULTY / ACADEMY PROGRAMME ACADEMY OF ISLAMIC STUDIES Bachelor of Shariah and Law MEDICINE Bachelor of Biomedical Science Bachelor of Pharmacy (Hons) Bachelor of Nursing Science SCIENCE Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry Bachelor of Science in Biohealth Bachelor of Science in Genetics Bachelor of Science in Microbiology COMPUTER SCIENCE & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Bachelor of Computer Science (Artificial Intelligence) Bachelor of Computer Science (Information Systems) Bachelor of Computer Science (Computer System and Network) Bachelor of Computer Science (Software Engineering) Bachelor of Information Technology (Multimedia) ENGINEERING Bachelor of Civil Engineering Bachelor of Biomedical Engineering Bachelor of Electrical Engineering Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering Bachelor of Chemical Engineering BUSINESS & ACCOUNTANCY Bachelor of Accounting Bachelor of Business Administration EDUCATION Bachelor of Education Teaching English as a Second Language DENTISTRY Bachelor of Dental Surgery LANGUAGES & LINGUISTICS Bachelor of English Language & Linguistics which the students applying for the above programmes must obtained higher score. How many Semester/Intake does UM have? Two Semester/Intake: • Semester I ( September intake ) • Semester II ( February intake ) What is the deadline of application for both intakes? 17 June (for Semester I, September intake) & 11 November (for Semester II, February intake) What is the method of application? All applications must be submitted online via e-application. Please click here How can I know that I am accepted to UM? Every online application will be sent directly to the respective faculties for evaluation and only successful applicants will be offered to study in Universiti Malaya. All successful applicants will be notified via EMAIL. What programmes are offered in UM for UG International Students in each semester? Please refer to the list of programmes offered for UG International students at Study website https://study.um.edu.my What is the approximate tuition fee for each course? How often do I need to pay the tuition fees and how much do I need to pay each time? For information regarding tuitions fees, please refer to the respective pages of Study website at https://study.um.edu.my The payment can be made by semester. Please refer to our website for average of payment for each programme and semester. Am I supposed to pay the tuition fee on the day of registration itself? If not, when? You may pay your tuition fees 1-2 weeks after registration and commencement of classes. What do I need to do if I wish to change programme/faculty/campus upon receiving the offer letter /before enrollment? It is not allowed to change programme after receiving the offer letter. To do so, student need to apply again for the programme that he/she is interested to change to. Please note that the decision of acceptance is subject to the Faculty's discretion. What if I intend to do credit transfer? We regret to inform you that we do not offer the transferee or Continued Studies to International Students as per the policies and regulations in UM. However if you would like to apply for the credit transfer, you have to apply into undergraduate program in UM. After you got the approval of the admission into UM, you can apply for credit transfer upon admission should you be eligible. What documents are required for application? A complete online application should have: 1. Recent passport-size photographs with a blue background 2. Certified copies of passport (first page only - photo, owner details and validity) 3. Certified copies of academic certificate with detailed academic transcripts/results for Higher School Certificate (HSC) , Grade 12 or GCE (A' Level) or Diploma from recognized Institutions. Official translation is needed for applicants whose native language is not English or Malay 4. Certified copies of TOEFL/IELTS or other equivalent examinations indicating English proficiency (if available) 5. A letter of guarantee from the sponsor for sponsored students 6. A processing fee of RM300. Candidate may apply up to three (3) programmes with payment of a single RM300 application fee. (cash is not accepted & non-refundable). Who can certify the above documents? The documents must be certified by: a) The School Principal, Government Officers or Commissioner of Oath. b) Respective embassy How long my degree programme duration will be? The length of time required for the completion of a programme depends on the programme . In general, the minimum and maximum duration are as follows : PROGRAMME DURATION MINIMUM MAXIMUM 4 YEARS 8 SEMESTERS 12 SEMESTERS 3.5 YEARS 7 SEMESTERS 11 SEMESTERS 3 YEARS 6 SEMESTERS 10 SEMESTERS Do I need to study Malay language? All International students accepted into any program will also be required to undergo a course in the Malay language (local language) during their studies in UM prior to completion of their programme . I do not have English Certificate, But my qualification is high, Can I still apply for Undergraduate programmes? Yes you still can apply, but you need to prepare for your English certificate and the accepted applicant need to provide the required TOEFL or IELTS or other equivalent examinations indicating English proficiency certificate within stipulated deadline. When can I know my application Result? Every online application will be processed by respective faculties within 4 - 8 weeks. All successful applicants will be notified via email. Do you have scholarship for Undergraduate International Students? We do not offer scholarship to the Undergraduate International Students. How much processing fees should I pay for an application? How can I pay? The application fee is RM300 per application. It should be paid using FPX, Credit/Debit Card, Flywire before submitting an application. Do you offer foundation programmes? We do not offer foundation degree program to International Students, as this course is strictly offered for local students. Nevertheless, you may also choose to apply for other courses that we offer for international students from the list that you can find through the https://study.um.edu.my/ . How can I contact you? We can be contactable at:- Telephone: +603-7967 7715 or +603-7967 7717 Fax : +603-7967 3449/3581 Email : skp_aasc@um.edu.my Website : https://aasc.um.edu.my/ Last Update: 02/12/2021 About UM Vision & Mission Our History UM Fact Sheet Career 50603 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Quick Links Academic Giving@UM Library Research & Community Services © 2021 Universiti Malaya . All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Site Credits | Disclaimer | Security Policy | Sitemap