Academic Services Department (ASD) exec.director_asd@um.edu.my 03-7967 3282 Menu Home About Us Mission and Vision Message From Executive Director Meet Our Team Executive Director Office Admission and Registration Centre Examination and Graduation Centre Sponsorship and Scholarship Centre One Stop Center Senate and Student Data Management Section Visa and Student Pass Section Senate Members Our Services Registration Semester Withdrawal Module Enrollment Specialisation Selection Extra Credit Pathway to Credit Transfer and Exemption (PaCE) MySiswa Card Student Pass Student Pass Overview Student Pass Visa Application Forms EMGS Insurance Financial Aid Scholars Stories Financial Aid For Postgraduate Financial Aid For Undergraduate Financial Aid Quick Guide Examination Examination Instruction Misconduct in Examination Academic Dishonesty Dress Code for UM Students (During Examinations) Spectrum Exam Student APR Graduation Student Profile Verification Academic Verification (Alumni UM) UM Graduate Verification System (UMGVS) UMConvo Student Mobility Academic Calendar Downloadable Forms News / Events Other Links Programmes UMSItS Guide Contact Us Office Address Feedback and Suggestions FAQ FAQ - Admission FAQ - Registration FAQ - Graduation Student Pass Overview Home Student Pass Overview 1. Student Pass For New Student - Universiti Malaya All international students need a Student Pass to study in Malaysia. The Immigration Department of Malaysia issues and regulates the passes, but Student Services Division (Visa Unit), Universiti Malaya manages your pass application.The Student Pass lasts for up to a year - or the length of your study period if that is less than a year - so you need to renew it annually if you are studying with us for more than two semesters.You can not study in Malaysia as an international student, and we will NOT endorse your registration without a valid Student Pass. And, depending on the country you are from, you might also need a Malaysian entry visa. Approval for a Student Pass can take between 4-6 weeks. So make sure you apply as soon as you receive your offer letter from us. The following guidelines for eVisa Application Form will be your best starting point to refer. 2. Renewal of Your Student Pass It is your duty to ensure that your Student Pass remains valid throughout your study. You will need to submit the renewal application no later than 3 MONTHS before the expiry of your current student pass. A ny international students and their dependents who commit overstay offences shall be subjected to enforcement by the Malaysian Immigration Department and shall be imposed a minimum compound RM1,100.00 subject to the period of each overstay case. Having a valid Pass throughout your stay in Malaysia is your absolute responsibility. Please refer here for the application. 3. Endorsement Transfer for Students If you are acquiring a new passport, you will need to transfer your student pass sticker from your old passport to the new passport. Please refer to this link for the form. The following documents will be required for the transfer endorsement application: Applicant or/and dependent's ORIGINAL PASSPORT. A copy of applicant or/and dependent's NEW PASSPORT (all pages) including blank pages and copy must be made on one side of A4 size paper A copy of applicant or/and dependent's OLD PASSPORT (front page and current visa) copy must be made on one side of A4 size paper A copy of STUDENT'S PASSPORT (front page and current visa) copy must be made on one side of A4 size paper (*applicable if the application is intended for the dependent only) Payment of Transfer Endorsement Fees and Processing Fees. 4. Special Pass for Student/Dependent If your student pass renewal is in process / your student pass has expired for less than 10 days, you may be eligible to apply for Special Pass to ensure you are not overstayed whilst the application is being processed. You will be required to submit the following documents for Special Pass application: 1. Applicant ORIGINAL PASSPORT. 2. A COPY OF APPLICANT PASSPORT (front page and current visa) and copy must be made on one side of A4 size paper. Please tick (√) APPROPRIATE REASON to apply Special Pass: Completed / withdrawn / terminated from the study programme or change to the new study programme Change from Student Pass to Employment Pass Change from Dependent Pass to Student Pass 3. Payment for Special Pass and Processing Fees Please refer to this link for the documents checklist 5. Cancellation of Student Pass You should cancel your student pass if you are under the following categories : 1. Graduate/ Completion of Studies from UM Students who have completed their studies must cancel their student pass and their dependent pass. UM will submit your documents to the Immigration Department of Malaysia to cancel your student pass and make a police report if student fails to cancel his pass upon graduation. 2. Deferment of Studies A student who defers from studies must get approval from University and must cancel a student pass and dependent pass (if any) 3. Withdrawal or Termination from studies A student who withdraws from his/her study must inform UM before leaving Malaysia. The student pass and the dependent pass will be cancelled, upon submission of passport, withdrawal letter from faculty, and confirmed flight ticket. 4. Change Programme or Change University A Student who have accepted admission offer letter from other institution must cancel their existing student pass. A student who had change a programme within UM will also required to cancel current student pass and apply variation to new programme. Please refer to this link for the documents checklist Last Update: 12/02/2026 About UM Vision & Mission Our History Career 50603 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Quick Links Academic Giving@UM Library Research & Community Services © 2021 Universiti Malaya . All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Site Credits | Disclaimer | Security Policy | Sitemap