National Chengchi University Admission Guidelines for International Students Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1070148697, September 6, 2018 Amended and approved at the 699th University Administration Meeting, August 2, 2023 Amended and approved at the 700th University Administration Meeting, October 4, 2023 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1120108455, November 6, 2023 (Please refer to the final page for a complete list of revisions) Article 1 These Admission Guidelines have been stipulated in accordance with Article 6 of the "Regulations for International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan," as legislated by the Ministry of Education (MOE). Article 2 The admission evaluation process for international students in our institution must align with the National Chengchi University Admission Guidelines for International Students. An admissions brochure should be formulated based on the university's admission guidelines. This brochure will outline the admission procedures, eligibility review process, available departments/programs/graduate institutions, language of instruction for each department/program/graduate institution, language proficiency prerequisites for students, duration of study, available slots, application qualifications, financial proof criteria, standards for tuition and fee refunds, details about scholarships provided by the university, and other pertinent information. The university does not authorize any third parties, such as institutions external to our university, legal entities, organizations, or individuals, to engage in recruiting international students, except for promotional activities and assisting students with necessary procedures for their arrival in Taiwan. Our university shall conduct promotional activities through the university's websites, global social media platforms, local study-abroad publications, and websites. Article 3 Individuals holding foreign nationality and who have never held the nationality of the Republic of China (Taiwan) are eligible to apply for admission according to the following criteria: 1. The applicant has not previously studied in Taiwan as an Overseas Chinese student. 2. There has been no previous allocation by the University Entrance Committee for Overseas Chinese Students under the Regulations Regarding Study and Counseling Assistance for Overseas Chinese Students in Taiwan for the academic year of admission. A person of foreign nationality who meets the following requirements and who in the immediate past has resided overseas continuously for at least six years is also permitted to apply for admission to NCCU, in accordance with these Regulations 1. A person who at the time of their application also holds dual R.O.C. nationality shall have never had household registration in Taiwan. 2. A person who before the time of their application also held dual R.O.C. nationality but no longer does at the time of their application shall have renounced their R.O.C. nationality with the approval of the Ministry of the Interior on a date at least eight full years before making their application. 3. A person referred to in either of the preceding two subparagraphs shall meet the requirements stipulated in Subparagraph 1 and Subparagraph 2 of the previous paragraph. An applicant of foreign nationality, who is eligible for permanent residence in Hong Kong or Macao, who has never had household registration in Taiwan, and who at the time of their application has resided in Hong Kong, Macao, or elsewhere overseas continuously for at least six years may apply for admission in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations. A person who was formerly from the Mainland Area and who has foreign nationality and has have never had household registration in Taiwan, and who at the time of their application has resided overseas continuously for at least six years may apply for admission to NCCU, in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations. The periods of six years and eight years stipulated from Paragraph 1 to Paragraph 3 shall be calculated using the starting date of the semester (February 1, or August 1) as the end date of the period. Overseas regions, as described from Paragraph 2 to Paragraph 4 herein, shall mean countries or jurisdictions outside of Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau; continuous overseas residence shall mean an international student staying in Taiwan for no more than 120 days each calendar year. In the calculation of continuous overseas residence, if the initial or final year of the period is not a complete calendar year, any time spent in Taiwan in the initial or final year shall be counted as not exceeding 120 days. However, those who meet any of the following criteria and hold the relevant evidentiary documents shall be exempt from the preceding provision, and the relevant period of stay in Taiwan shall be excluded from the calculation of continuous overseas residence: 1. Engagement in overseas youth training courses conducted by the Overseas Community Affairs Council or other technical training programs acknowledged by the Ministry of Education (MOE). 2. Enrollment in a college-level Chinese language center accredited by the Ministry of Education (MOE) that accepts international students for a duration of fewer than two years. 3. Participation in an exchange program in Taiwan lasting for a period of fewer than two years. 4. Engagement in an internship program in Taiwan, approved by the central competent authority, for a duration of fewer than two years. Individuals who previously held both Republic of China (R.O.C.) nationality and a foreign nationality simultaneously, and who applied to renounce their R.O.C. nationality before the February 1, 2011 amendments to the Ministry of Education's Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan, may apply for admission under the original regulations without being bound by the provisions in Paragraph 2. Article 4 International students must submit proof of their language proficiency in either Chinese or English as a component of the international admission process for NCCU's departments, programs, or graduate institutions. 1. For departments/programs/graduate institutions conducted in Chinese, applicants are required to submit proof of Chinese proficiency equivalent to or above TOCFL A2 or its equivalent. However, applicants whose native language is Chinese, who obtained their previous degree in Chinese, or who majored in Chinese studies may be exempt from submitting language proficiency test scores if they provide pertinent documentation. 2. For departments/programs/graduate institutions conducted in English (including English programs and programs with sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements), applicants are mandated to showcase English proficiency at CEFR B1 level or beyond. However, applicants from Englishspeaking countries, those who obtained their prior degree from an institution in an English-speaking country, or individuals whose previous degree was conducted entirely in English might be exempt from submitting language proficiency test scores upon furnishing relevant documentation. Departments/programs/graduate institutions may establish higher language proficiency requirements. Article 5 Applicants must submit the following documents and fees within the designated period: 1. One application form for admission (with one 2-inch hatless passport photo attached). 2. One photocopy of proof of nationality. 3. Academic credentials: (1) Academic credentials from Mainland China: "The Regulations Governing Accreditation of Institutes in Mainland China" shall apply. (2) Academic credentials from Hong Kong or Macao: "Academic Credential Verification and Accreditation Methods adopted in Hong Kong and Macao" shall apply. (3) Academic credentials from other areas: a. Academic credentials earned at Taiwanese schools located overseas or Taiwanese schools in Mainland China shall be regarded as the same as those earned at domestic schools of equivalent levels. b. Academic credentials obtained from institutes outside of regions referred to in the preceding two Items shall be subject to the "Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Foreign Academic Credentials for Institutions of Higher Education." However, academic credentials earned from institutes or branches established in Mainland China by foreign schools shall require public notarization in Mainland China and be verified and examined by an institute established or appointed by, or through a private agency commissioned by, the Executive Yuan. 4. An official bank statement (in either Chinese or English) showing an account balance exceeding NTD$200,000 (USD$7,000). The statement should be issued by a financial institution and must not be older than 3 months from the application date. Alternatively, applicants can submit documentation proving the provision of full scholarships by the government, our university, or private organizations. 5. Other documentation required by NCCU and its departments/programs/graduate institutes. 6. Application fee. When NCCU reviews international student applications, documents pertaining to Paragraphs 3 to 5 above that have not been verified by an overseas mission, or by institutes established or appointed by, or private agencies commissioned by, the Executive Yuan, NCCU may request document verification. If the said documents have been verified, NCCU may request examination of these documents. An international student submitting forged, fabricated, or altered papers for the purpose of an NCCU application shall be subject to enrollment cancellation; enrollment will be cancelled even if the student is already registered and enrolled, and no study certificate will be issued. If the said student has already graduated, NCCU will rescind the student's graduation qualifications and revoke the student's diploma. An international student who has graduated from a school for international residents in Taiwan, or a bilingual division (program) affiliated with senior high school or a foreign curriculum program at a private senior high school, may submit his/her graduation credential and full academic transcripts to apply for admission, and is exempt from the limitations prescribed in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 3 and Article 14, Paragraph 1. An international student who has completed his/her bachelor's degree or a higher degree in Taiwan may apply for a master's program or a higher degree with graduation certification and complete academic transcripts issued by educational institutions in Taiwan according to Paragraph 1. The said student should also be exempt from the limitations prescribed in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 3. At the time of registration, new international students shall present proof of a medical and injury insurance policy which is valid for at least 6 months from their arrival date in Taiwan. Current students shall present documentary proof that they have joined Taiwan's National Health Insurance Plan. The above-mentioned documentary proof of insurance issued in foreign countries shall be verified by an overseas mission. Article 6 Applicants should follow the regulations outlined in NCCU admissions brochure and submit their applications to the Office of International Cooperation (OIC) within the designated period. The office conducts an initial review of the applicants' nationality and educational background to determine their eligibility as international students. Those who pass the initial review will proceed to the department-level review conducted by respective departments, programs, or graduate institutions. Candidates who are approved by the department/program/graduate institutions will then be forwarded to the Admissions Review Panel for further evaluation. Once the applicants pass the review from the Admissions Review Panel, their admissions will be approved by the President, and they will be issued an admission letter, notifying them of their acceptance. The acceptance letter for international students should encompass the following details: student's name, the department/program/graduate institution applied for, degree level, language of instruction, academic year of enrollment, semester start date, tuition and miscellaneous fee payment and refund policy, scholarships, and other essential information relevant to international students. To ensure the students' understanding of their rights and responsibilities while studying in Taiwan, this information must be available in both Chinese and English versions. Additionally, if feasible, it may be provided in the student's native language. The above-mentioned Admissions Review Panel consists of executive officers including the Executive Vice President, Vice President for Academic Affairs, the Vice President for the Office of International Cooperation, the Deans of relevant colleges, and the Chairs of relevant departments, programs, and graduate institutes. The panel shall be convened by the Executive Vice President of NCCU. In principle, applications for admission are reviewed once per year, with additional screening exams conducted when necessary. Article 7 In principle, the actual number of international students admitted by the University shall not exceed an additional 10% of its MOE-approved admissions quota for the previous academic year, and shall be included in the total number of admitted students for the current academic year and reported to the MOE for approval. The University shall submit a quantity increase plan (detailing its quality control strategies and supporting measures) to the MOE for approval if it intends to admit more international students than 10% of its admissions quota approved for the previous academic year. The above-mentioned number of admissions does not include international students without official student status. The University may, with the MOE's approval, admit international students to make up for unfilled domestic slots within the total admissions quota approved for the previous academic year. Article 8 Following enrollment, the university will document the admission, transfer, leaves of absence, dismissals, withdrawals, and any changes or losses in student status for international students in the International Student Management Information System designated by the Ministry of Education. Article 9 International students may not apply for enrollment in on-the-job postgraduate courses such as NCCU recurrent education programs or other courses offered exclusively in the evenings, on holidays, or weekends. However, international students who have already obtained permanent residency in Taiwan or who are enrolled in courses especially authorized for international student attendance by the MOE are exempt from these limitations. Article 10 Fees that are to be paid by international students in Taiwan should be calculated according to the following: 1. Students admitted to educational institutions in Taiwan in accordance with an education cooperation agreement shall pay their tuition and other fees that are specified in the agreement. 2. The recipients of MOFA Taiwan Scholarships under the recommendation of the designated overseas missions, or students with APRC (Taiwan Alien Permanent Residence Certificate), have the same tuition rate as local students. 3. The fee standard of an international student who does not qualify under the preceding 2 Subparagraphs may not be lower than the standard adopted by private schools at the same level. Article 11 International students who report to register at NCCU before one third of the first semester of the current academic year has elapsed shall be registered for the first semester. If it is already more than one third of the way into the first semester, international students shall register for the next academic year. However, this restriction does not apply if the MOE has some provision that overrides it. Article 12 International students who are authorized for admission and demonstrate high academic performance in their duration of study may receive a scholarships and subsidies, according to relevant International Student Scholarship regulations stipulated by NCCU and the MOE. Article 13 After international students are enrolled, the Office of International Cooperation will be responsible for coordinating student guidance and communication. Students will receive assistance in finding home stay families and in learning the Chinese language and culture in order to enhance their understanding of Taiwan. Periodic events that provide foreign students with guidance or activities that promote campus internationalization and exchange between local and international students will be held. Article 14 International students applying for schools in Taiwan in accordance with Article 3 shall be limited to one application only. For continued studies in Taiwan, students shall apply in the same way a domestic student does. However, those who meet the following conditions shall be exempt from the preceding provisions: 1. Applying for a graduate-level program at NCCU after finishing prior academic pursuits. 2. International students studying at an undergraduate level or below, who have encountered withdrawal, loss of student status, or dismissal within their first year of stay in Taiwan, are eligible for readmission. Nonetheless, only one submission of such an application is permitted. International students who have been admitted but are subsequently expelled, dismissed, or lose their student status due to severe academic misconduct, behavioral issues, or serious violations of government/university regulations are not eligible to apply for readmission as described in the preceding paragraph. Those who violate this regulation will have their admission revoked or face expulsion from the university. These admission guidelines apply to international students seeking transfers. However, individuals who have previously studied in Taiwan and have been expelled from their former universities or colleges due to behavioral issues, or a conviction under Criminal Law are not eligible to apply for academic transfer under these guidelines. Upon admission of transferred international students, consideration for credit exemption may be assessed in line with the "NCCU Study Regulations" and the "NCCU Regulations for Credit Exemption." Those who lose their status as an international student after admission due to permission to establish initial household registration, or move-in registration in Taiwan, or for naturalization or reinstatement of R.O.C. nationality during their period of study shall be required to withdraw from their studies. However, those who are admitted by the same method as a domestic student and who apply for naturalization as an R.O.C. national pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs 1 through 3 of the Nationality Act shall be exempt from the preceding provision After international students have graduated, if situations that may have resulted in withdrawal or dismissal from NCCU pertaining to Paragraphs 2 to 4 above are proven upon investigation to have occurred during or before their enrollment, diplomas shall be duly revoked and their diploma will be invalidated. Article 15 Departments/programs/graduate institutions may sign education cooperation agreements with foreign schools and recruit international exchange students, provided regular teaching routines are not affected; these guidelines are also applicable to the recruitment of international non degree students. Non degree students do not hold official student status and may remain enrolled for up to one year, with possible extensions of one additional year upon the approval of NCCU. Non-degree students may become official students upon passing the review process conducted according to these admission guidelines. Academic credits obtained during the period of non-degree seeking enrollment will be recognized upon review by respective departments and programs. Article 16 If international students discontinue their schooling or change or lose their student status at the universtiy for any reason, NCCU must notify the Bureau of Consular Affairs of the Ministry of the Foreign Affairs, the Service Center of National Immigration Agency, and the Ministry of the Interior, and send copies of these notifications to MOE. If international students violate the Employment Services Act and if the said violations have been found to be true upon investigation, NCCU shall intervene in accordance with relevant regulations. Article 17 Any matters that are not addressed in these admission regulations shall be governed by the "Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan" legislated by the MOE and other related NCCU policies. Article 18 These guidelines were passed during an NCCU Administration Meeting and submitted to the MOE for authorization. The same shall apply to all subsequent amendments. Articles 3 and 8 amended and approved at the 570th University Administration Meeting, March 7, 2001 Articles 2 to 12 amended and approved at the 579th University Adm inistration Meeting, October 9, 2002 Article 5 amended and approved at the 580th University Administra tion Meeting, November 6, 2002 Articles 11 and 12 amended and approved at the 581st University A dministration Meeting, December 11, 2002 Articles 3, 4, 6, and 12 amended and approved at the 582nd Univer sity Administration Meeting, March 12, 2003 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai (I) Letter No. 092 0050311, April 11th, 2003 Article 11 amended and approved at the 591st University Administr ation Meeting, October 6, 2004 Articles 5, 8, and 9 amended and approved at the 594th University Administration Meeting, March 6, 2005 Article 9 amended and approved at the 596th University Administra tion Meeting, May 11, 2005 All articles amended and approved at the 597th University Adminis tration Meeting, October 5, 2005 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Letter No. 0940153 914, November 4, 2005 Article 5 amended and approved at the 603rd University Administra tion Meeting, October 4, 2006 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Letter No. 0950159 499, October 25, 2006 Articles 5, 11, and 16 amended and approved at the 612th Universi ty Administration Meeting, March 5, 2008 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai (I) Letter No. 097 0047735, March 28th, 2008 Articles 6 and 13 amended and approved at the 615th University Ad ministration Meeting, October 1, 2008 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Letter No. 0970216 223, October 29, 2008 Articles 3, 5, 7, and 14 amended and approved at the 630th Univer sity Administration Meeting, March 2, 2011 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai (II) Letter No. 10 00076210, May 9, 2011 Article 4 amended and approved at the 633rd University Administra tion Meeting, August 3, 2011 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai (II) Letter No. 10 00174447, September 28, 2011 Article 8 amended and approved at the 640th University Administra tion Meeting, August 1, 2012 All articles and regulation title reviewed at the 642nd Universit y Administration Meeting on November 7, 2012; amended and approved at the 643rd University Administration Meeting, December 5, 2012 Article 5 amended and approved in the 644th University Administra tion Meeting, March 6, 2013 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1020060511, April 19, 2013 Articles 3, 5, and 14 amended and approved at the 650th Universit y Administration Meeting, December 4, 2013 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1030016463, February 6, 2014 Articles 11 to 17 amended and approved at the 657th University Ad ministration Meeting, March 4, 2015 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1040045487, April 14, 2015 Articles 4, 5, and 11 to 17 amended and approved at the 661st Uni versity Administration Meeting, October 7, 2015 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1040160813, November 30, 2015 Articles 4 amended and approved at the 666th University Administr ation Meeting, August 3, 2016 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1050128521, September 19, 2016 Articles 4 amended and approved at the 669th University Administr ation Meeting, March 8, 2017 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Jiao (V) Letter No. 1060047354, April 11, 2017 Articles 3, 5, 7 and 11 amended and approved at the 672nd Univers ity Administration Meeting, October 11, 2017 Referenced by the Ministry of Education in Tai J iao (V) Letter No. 1060173194, November 30, 2017 Articles 4 amended and approved at the 676th University Administration Meeting, August 1, 2018