政大首頁 招生專區 網站地圖 ENGLISH 登入 ALL ALL 國際學生 本地學生 教職員工 其他類別 學生赴外 國際薦外交換生(跳轉至新網頁) 大陸薦外交換生 申請須知 線上申請 常見問題 台灣聯合大學系統 台聯大國際交換生計畫 赴外研習資訊 赴外實習資訊 赴外研習資訊臉書 締約校研習資訊精選 青年百億海外圓夢基金計畫 國際短期課程 獎學金 外國學位生 申請入學 獎學金 前來政大 外國學位文憑驗證 簽證 新生說明會與一站式報到 新生待辦清單 健康檢查 華語課 就業 職涯活動 工作許可 求職須知 畢業與離校 (學位生) 來校短期學生 國際外薦交換生 申請須知 前來政大 就讀政大 離校 大陸外薦交換生 申請須知 醫療保險 常見問題 教職員 國際化補助 學院國際化補助 鼓勵教師赴國外開設短期學習課程 學海築夢暨新南向學海築夢 外籍教師華語學習輔助計畫 教師國際移動 交換教師 出國教研 入臺證專區 入臺證辦理說明 入臺證用印系統介紹及辦證流程 注意事項與常見問題 全球交流 全球締約校 國際組織 客製化短課 外賓接待準則 交流成果 締約說明 校園生活 實用資訊 簽證/居留證 住宿 保險 選課 法律協助 工作證 法務部個資宣導短片 設施與服務 圖書館 校園巴士 學習資源 健康中心 銀行/郵局 穆斯林祈禱室 校園地圖 臨時卡申請 國際生支援 國際學生諮詢 心理諮商 急難協助 個人安全 緊急聯絡 性別平等 張師母志工團 課業諮詢輔導 接待家庭 活動 全校性活動 國際學生活動 志工服務 國際志工 學生大使 學生社團 國際學生協會 社團列表 國際學生會館 場地借用單 學人會館申請 關於我們 成員及組織架構 國合處介紹 歷任國合長 工作職掌 統計資料 交通指南 聯絡我們 國合處聯絡方式 法令規章 寰政電子報 電子報 期刊 反詐騙宣導 首頁 > International Degree Students > Scholarships Scholarships NCCU Scholarships Eligible Applicants: New Degree Students Tuition Waiver ◆Duration: Bachelor (Max. 4 Years), Masters (Max. 2 Years), Ph.D. (Max. 3 Years) ◆Award: Full exemption from tuition fees and credit fees ◆Number of recipients: Depends on the budget allocated for the academic year. ◆Eligibility: Only newly admitted international students without additional scholarships are eligible. ◆Timeline: Coordinated with the two-staged admission process. ◆Nomination: Each college should establish its own internal selection process and provide the list of scholarship recipients to the OIC. Individual applications by students are not accepted. ◆Announcement of recipients: Published on the OIC website along with the list of newly admitted international students ◆Relevant links: Guidelines New Inbound International Students Scholarship Pilot Plan ◆Applicable Degree and Duration: Bachelor (4 Years), Masters (2 Years), Ph.D. (3 Years) ◆Award Coverage: Full scholarship: Tuition waiver ( not including credit fees ) and a living allowance of NTD150,000 per academic year: (1) Living allowance includes monthly allowance of NT$ 10,000/month and roundtrip flight tickets to Taiwan. (2) Scholarship recipients should be reimbursed for actual expenses toward roundtrip tickets (upper limit: NT$ 30,000/academic year). Half scholarship: Tuition waiver ( not including credit fees ) ◆Notes: Only newly admitted international students without additional scholarships are eligible. ◆Nomination: Each college should establish its own internal selection process and provide the list of scholarship recipients to the OIC. Individual applications by students are not accepted. ◆Announcement of recipients: Published on the OIC website along with the list of newly admitted international students. ◆Relevant links: Guidelines Eligible Applicants: Current Degree Students Academic Excellence Scholarship ◆Applicable Degree: Bachelor, Masters, Ph.D. ◆Award Amount: Depending on funding availability ◆Notes: Students who have been enrolled at NCCU for more than one semester may apply. A transcript of the previous semester will be required upon applying. Those who have received other full scholarships are excluded. ◆How to Apply: Apply to the OIC in September and late February each year (actual deadlines to be announced by the OIC). ◆Relevant links: Chinese Guidelines / English Guidelines Note: For scholarships provided by colleges, departments, institutes, and programs, please contact the awarding body directly. Government Scholarships Eligible Applicants: New Degree Students Taiwan Scholarship MOE ◆Applicable Degree and Duration: Bachelor (4 Years), Masters (2 Years), Ph.D. (4 Years) ◆Award Coverage: Bachelor: Monthly living stipend of NTD15,000 and per semester tuition subsidy of NTD40,000. If tuition exceeds NTD40,000 (including credit fees), the balance will be waived by NCCU. Masters and Ph.D.: Monthly living stipend of NTD20,000 and per semester tuition subsidy NTD40,000. ￭ IMBA and MBA Students: Per semester tuition subsidy of NTD40,000. If tuition exceeds NTD40,000 (including credit fees), the balance must be paid by the scholarship recipient. ￭ Recipients enrolled at departments/ programs other than IMBA/ MBA: Per semester tuition subsidy of NTD40,000. If tuition exceeds NTD40,000 (including credit fees), the balance will be waived by NCCU. ￭ As of March 2020, tuition for MOE Taiwan scholarship students enrolled at IMAS is covered by the MOE and IMAS. MOFA ◆Applicable Degree and Duration: Bachelor (4 Years), Masters (2 Years), Ph.D. (4 Years) ◆Award Coverage: Monthly living stipend of NTD33,000 and one round-trip economy-class flight ticket from home country. ◆How to Apply: Contact the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office (TECO) in your country. Applications are accepted from February 1 to March 31. ◆Relevant links: Ministry of Education Taiwan Overseas Representative Offices Taiwan Scholarship And Huayu Enrichment Scholarship Office Taiwan ICDF Higher Education Scholarship Programs ◆Applicable Degree and Duration: Masters (2 Years), Ph.D. (4 Years) ◆Award Coverage and How to Apply: Please visit the TaiwanICDF website ◆Notes: ONLY applicable for those from certain countries Only available by application to TECO in the applicant's home country. ONLY applicable for participating Taiwan ICDF scholarship programs: IMBA IMPIS ◆Relevant links: TaiwanICDF Taiwan Overseas Representative Offices Elite Scholarship Program： Southeast or South Asia／Africa ◆Applicable Degree and Duration: Masters (2 Years), Ph.D. (3 Years) (Total awards cannot exceed 3 years cumulatively for all degree programs for a single applicant. Thus, a student who has previously received a two-year Master's degree under the Elite Scholarship Program would only be eligible to receive another year of financial support for his/her Ph.D. degree) ◆Award Coverage: Tuition subsidy and monthly stipend (depending on funding availability). Scholarship quota to be announced and regulated by the ROC Ministry of Education. ◆Notes: Scholarship applicants must currently occupy a formal lecturer position at a public or private college or university in Southeast Asia, South Asia, or Africa. Nationals of the Republic of China and overseas Chinese citizens are not eligible. The following are NOT eligible for this scholarship: 1. Individuals who are currently enrolled in or on leave of absence from another college or university in Taiwan, with exceptions for students who are in the process of graduating from a Bachelor's or Master's program and are applying to pursue a higher degree. 2. Candidates enrolling in a program that awards a degree that duplicates another degree already held by the applicant from a university in Taiwan (e.g., an applicant who already holds a Master's Degree from a university in Taiwan would be ineligible for scholarship to pursue a second Masters Degree). 3. Current exchange students or students enrolled in a double (or joint) degree through an academic cooperation arrangement between a foreign educational institution and a college or university in Taiwan. 4. Applicants who are currently receiving other scholarships or subsidies from the ROC government. ◆How to Apply: Newly admitted international students are nominated as scholarship applicants by their respective academic departments or programs to the OIC . The applicants must submit the following documents when applying online for NCCU degree-seeking programs (September entry): (1) Proof of employment with a current lecturer certificate or employment contract for the current position. (2) Scholarship Application Form: Southeast or South Asia ／ Africa ◆Announcement of recipients: Published on the OIC website along with the list of newly admitted international students. © 2024 Office of International Cooperation, National Chengchi University `