政大首頁 招生專區 網站地圖 ENGLISH 登入 ALL ALL 國際學生 本地學生 教職員工 其他類別 學生赴外 國際薦外交換生(跳轉至新網頁) 大陸薦外交換生 申請須知 線上申請 常見問題 台灣聯合大學系統 台聯大國際交換生計畫 赴外研習資訊 赴外實習資訊 赴外研習資訊臉書 締約校研習資訊精選 青年百億海外圓夢基金計畫 國際短期課程 獎學金 外國學位生 申請入學 獎學金 前來政大 外國學位文憑驗證 簽證 新生說明會與一站式報到 新生待辦清單 健康檢查 華語課 就業 職涯活動 工作許可 求職須知 畢業與離校 (學位生) 來校短期學生 國際外薦交換生 申請須知 前來政大 就讀政大 離校 大陸外薦交換生 申請須知 醫療保險 常見問題 教職員 國際化補助 學院國際化補助 鼓勵教師赴國外開設短期學習課程 學海築夢暨新南向學海築夢 外籍教師華語學習輔助計畫 教師國際移動 交換教師 出國教研 入臺證專區 入臺證辦理說明 入臺證用印系統介紹及辦證流程 注意事項與常見問題 全球交流 全球締約校 國際組織 客製化短課 外賓接待準則 交流成果 締約說明 校園生活 實用資訊 簽證/居留證 住宿 保險 選課 法律協助 工作證 法務部個資宣導短片 設施與服務 圖書館 校園巴士 學習資源 健康中心 銀行/郵局 穆斯林祈禱室 校園地圖 臨時卡申請 國際生支援 國際學生諮詢 心理諮商 急難協助 個人安全 緊急聯絡 性別平等 張師母志工團 課業諮詢輔導 接待家庭 活動 全校性活動 國際學生活動 志工服務 國際志工 學生大使 學生社團 國際學生協會 社團列表 國際學生會館 場地借用單 學人會館申請 關於我們 成員及組織架構 國合處介紹 歷任國合長 工作職掌 統計資料 交通指南 聯絡我們 國合處聯絡方式 法令規章 寰政電子報 電子報 期刊 反詐騙宣導 首頁 > Intl Students > New Inbound International Students Scholarship Pilot Plan Recipients (2025 Round 2 Admission) New Inbound International Students Scholarship Pilot Plan Recipients (2025 Round 2 Admission) 2025/05/26 The NCCU New Inbound International Students Scholarship Pilot Plan (hereinafter referred to as "the Scholarship") is jointly funded by the University and its colleges. Types of the Scholarship ： Full Scholarship: tuition waiver and living allowance of NT$150,000 per academic year. The living allowance includes a monthly allowance of NT$10,000 and round-trip airfare to Taiwan, with airfare reimbursed up to NT$30,000 per academic year based on actual expenses. The details of airfare subsidy will be handled according to the regulations of respective colleges. Half Scholarship: tuition waiver. The scope of the Scholarship does not include credit fees, medical insurance, information appliance fees, or accommodation fees for each semester. Recipients are responsible for these expenses . The Scholarship duration: 4 years for bachelor programs; 2 years for master programs, and 3 years for doctoral programs since the admission year. Regulations for Receiving the Scholarship ： If a newly admitted student receives offers from more than one department/graduate institute/program, they may register with only one department/graduate institute/program and utilize the Scholarship quota provided by that department/graduate institute/program. Admission offers and scholarship quotas from other departments/graduate institutes/programs will be considered forfeited. The attachment is the Scholarship recipient list (International Admission for 2025 Fall) with important notes. According to the "NCCU Admission Notice for International Students, Academic Year 2025" ( https://nccuadmission.nccu.edu.tw/Post/15194 ), the recipients of The Scholarship are required to login the Online Application System to confirm the acceptance of the admission offer before June 10, 2025 (Taiwan Standard Time). Failure to respond before the deadline will result in the forfeiture of scholarship. The Scholarship recipients need to pick up their registration fee bills at the Office of International Cooperation (OIC) when every semester begins. Please do not download the bills from NCCU website or First Bank website. Recipients must complete registration and payment procedures within the designated period each semester. Failure to do so will be considered a forfeiture of the scholarship. Recipients shall not receive other full scholarships, tuition waivers, or NCCU Academic Excellence Scholarship for International Students provided by NCCU or external institutions that are related to international students. The Scholarship eligibility will be permanently revoked under any of the following circumstances during the study period: For undergraduate students, if the average academic score is below 75 points; for graduate students, if the average academic score is below 80 points. If higher standards are specified by individual colleges, departments, or programs, those shall apply. If the recipient applies for a leave of absence, retainment of student status, or withdrawal from the university, the Scholarship will be revoked and cannot be reinstated. We wish you a successful and pleasant stay at NCCU! Sincerely, Office of International Cooperation (OIC) NCCU New Inbound Int'l Students Scholarship Pilot Plan Recipients (2025 Round 2 Admission).pdf © 2024 Office of International Cooperation, National Chengchi University `