TSU websites EN CN RU Admission Research Alumni Prospective Students Students Postgraduates News About TSU Назад About TSU Rector Executive Board First Vice-Rector Mission Strategic Academic Units Science at TSU Academic Landscape International Academic Advisory Board Facts and Figures TSU Infographics History The Academic Council TSU Rankings How to Find Us About Tomsk Назад About Tomsk Why Tomsk? Tomsk Then and Now Sights Living in Tomsk Faculties and Institutes Назад Faculties and Institutes Bachelor's Core Institute of Distance Education (MOOCs) Biological Institute Institute of Military Education Institute of Arts and Culture Institute of Economics and Management Institute of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science Higher IT School Institute of Law Faculty of Geology and Geography Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty of Radiophysics Faculty of Journalism Faculty of Foreign Languages Faculty of Innovative Technologies Faculty of History and Political Studies Faculty of Psychology Faculty of Physical Education Faculty of Physics and Engineering Faculty of Physics Faculty of Philology Faculty of Philosophy Faculty of Chemistry Institute of Education Faculty of Pre-university Training Novosibirsk Law Institute (branch) Tomsk State University Student Life Назад Student Life Campus Students Say Media Let's Speak Russian Alumni Univol - Volunteering Centre Social Activity Student Union Sport at TSU Open Doors: Russian Scholarship Project Coronavirus - Safe Campus International Affairs Назад International Affairs Summer and Winter Schools Excellence Support Unit International Partners Visa to Russia Russian as a Foreign Language Center for Academic Writing Center for Joint Academic Programs Industry Partners and Career Useful links about Russia Help Назад Help How to find us Contacts Sitemap 3d tour Main page International International International Summer and Winter Schools Excellence Support Unit International Partners Visa to Russia Russian as a Foreign Language Center for Academic Writing Center for Joint Academic Programs Industry Partners and Career Useful links about Russia TSU's international collaboration has moved to a new level. In the international education market, universities are active and open for new ideas and trends, and TSU is not an exception. Under its Roadmap, the University began to engage in a number of activities related to joint research and education programmes with international partners, programmes of international mobility for students and academic staff, exchange programmes, visiting professors, and others. TSU's international collaboration at a glance: TSU has established long-term partnerships with more than 90 leading international universities and research centres from more than 50 countries. In 2015, due to much international activity the University recruited students from 37 countries and concluded collaboration agreements and MoUs with 22 universities throughout the world. The University encourages exchange programmes , internships, guest lectures, joint research projects, and others. More than 200 students and 500 professors and university staff members have participated in these activities. Over 1,000 undergraduate and postgraduate students from CIS and non-CIS countries study at TSU. The University actively involves internationally renowned scholars in teaching and research, and in establishing new laboratories and work at University Centres of Excellence. Full information about international academic staff is here . Large-scale joint projects are being carried out, including TEMPUS TACIS (17 projects), INTAS (17 projects), and others. Since 2013, TSU has coordinated the TEMPUS project, bringing together 10 national and international universities. Since 2006 Tomsk State University has been a full member of the European University Association (EUA) . In the past year the University has launched new 13 Bachelor's and Master's programmes in English . TSU is focused on developing a multicultural university environment. It supports English and German speaking clubs and is establishing an Arabic language club. In 2016 it is establishing a Japanese language club. Students and academic staff of all levels may improve both their general and academic language skills. The University continues to enhance its collaboration with the Goethe Institute and the Confucius Institute, and supports the German Reading Room and English and American Literature Reading Room , the European Union Centre in Siberia , and Centre for European Documentation. In recent years TSU has been visited by dozens of delegations from international universities, embassies, international funds, and research organizations to discuss new projects and common grounds for collaboration. TSU received representatives from the United States, Germany, South Korea, France, Poland, Finland, India, Japan, the Netherlands, Indonesia, Mexico, Belgium, and the European Union. You can see some photos here . The TSU High-Altitude Research Station Aktru has become an official observer in the EU Network Consortium SCANNET INTERACT coordinated by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, and the Nobel Prize winner and TSU Honorary Doctor Terry V. Callaghan. Aktru is the first high-altitude station to be included in INTERACT. In 2015 the University won a grant from the European Universities Continuing Education Network. Under this grant the TSU Institute of Distance Education and partners in Europe will develop collaboration in a number of academic areas. In 2015 TSU began to implement a number of project under ERASMUS + with Lund University, University of Goldsmiths, University of Tampere, University of Turku, and Université Lille 1 - Science and Technologies. TSU has become a project-member of Physical Processing of Molten Light Alloys Under the Influence of External Fields. 28 European partners participate in this project, among them The University of Manchester, University of Birmingham, The University of Queensland and other QS top-100 universities. TSU is the only university from Russia participating in this project. Admission Research Alumni Prospective Students Students Postgraduates News About TSU About Tomsk Faculties Student Life International Affairs Help Selection committee (3822) 785-300 Archive (3822) 529 856 Case Management (3822) 529 665 Press Service (3822) 529-557 Main Building 36 Lenin Ave., Tomsk, Russia 634050 Version for the visually impaired Site map Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation Found error? Please highlight the text and press Ctrl+Enter Active link to the source on TSU website (www.tsu.ru) is required to use the site materials. All personal data of employees is posted on the website with the consent of the subjects of personal data in accordance with the requirements of Federal Law No. 152-FZ of 27.07.2006 "On Personal Data" Search close SEARCH SEARCH EVERYWHERE NEWS SITE STRUCTURE Faculties, Research Institutes, StraU University resources ЗАКРЫТЬ Institute of Biology, Ecology, Soil Science, Agriculture, and Forestry Faculty of Geology and Geography Faculty of Historical and Political Studies Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty of Physics Institute of Law Faculty of Radiophysics Faculty of Chemistry Institute of Economics and Management Faculty of Physics and Engineering Institute of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science Higher IT School Faculty of Journalism Faculty of Philosophy Faculty of Philology Institute of Arts and Culture Faculty of Foreign Languages Faculty of Psychology Faculty of Physical Education Faculty of Innovative Technologies Priority-2030 News TSU Search Русская версия 中文 Спрашивайте! Высказывайте свое мнение! ЗАКРЫТЬ Представьтесь, пожалуйста Введите ваш e-mail, пожалуйста Введите ваше сообщение, пожалуйста Введите каптчу, пожалуйста Примите условия соглашения, пожалуйста Даю своё согласие на обработку персональных данных и соглашаюсь с Политикой в отношении обработки персональных данных НИ ТГУ Отправить Send announcement Dear Colleagues! If you are hosting any event in Tomsk (concert, lecture, master class, etc.) and want to announce it on the TSU website, please provide the following information: Please enter «Title» Please enter «Description» Please enter «Start date» Please enter «End date» Please enter «Start time» Please enter «Location» Participation requirements Admission charged Registration required Please enter «Admission fee» Please enter «Register here» Advertisement Неверный формат или размер файла Attach file Please enter «Advertisement» Agenda Неверный формат или размер файла Attach file Please enter «Agenda» Photos Неверный формат или размер файла Attach file Please enter «Photos» Please enter «Contacts» reload Please enter Captcha Please accept the terms of agreement I hereby give my consent to the processing of personal data and agree with the Policy on Personal Data Processing at TSU Submit Прислать статью Пришлите текстовые, фото- и видео материалы, прикрепив файлы архивом Введите имя, пожалуйста Введите email, пожалуйста Введите текст, пожалуйста Неверный формат или размер файла Прикрепить файл Введите каптчу, пожалуйста Примите условия соглашения, пожалуйста Даю своё согласие на обработку персональных данных и соглашаюсь с Политикой в отношении обработки персональных данных НИ ТГУ отправить Нашли опечатку? Отправить