Chinese Version English Version 切换导航 Home News Notice Window of Beihang Download Academic Calendar Orientation Campus Map Online Application About Us 10 Reasons for Studying at Beihang Schools & Colleges International School Offices Admissions Undergraduate Foundation + Bachelor Postgraduate Visiting Scholar/Exchange Programs Student in Chinese Language Training Winter Camp-Fly Chinese Program International Summer School Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship-Bilateral Program Chinese Government Scholarship-High-level Postgraduates Program at Beihang University Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program Chinese Government Scholarship Chinese Government Scholarship-Belt & Road Program Chinese Government Scholarship China Link Program International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Beijing Government Foreign Students Scholarship Beihang University Foreign Students Scholarship Campus Life Visa and Residence Permit Medical Treatment and Insurance International Student Dormitory International Student Associations Gallery & Videos Internship Employment Information Alumni Contact Us Undergraduate Foundation + Bachelor Postgraduate Master Program Doctoral Program Postgraduate Program on Space Technology Applications Postgraduates Program of Chinese Government Scholarship Visiting Scholar/Exchange Programs General Scholar/Exchange Programs Senior Scholar Program Student in Chinese Language Training Winter Camp-Fly Chinese Program International Summer School Home Admissions Foundation + Bachelor Foundation + Bachelor Beihang University "Foundation+Bachelor" Program 2026 Eligibility · Applicants must be non-Chinese citizen with a valid passport, meet the conditions set by the Nationality Law of the PRC, Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC. · Applicants must be in good physical and mental health, with proper moral conduct, friendly to China, between the ages of 18 and 22, and have attained a senior high school diploma. · Applicants whose native language is not English should submit an English proficiency certificate within two years, such as the result of TOEFL（90 or above）, IELTS（6 or above）or proof of all courses taught in English issued by high school or other English proficiency certificate. Application Procedures Step 1 : Register on Beihang International Student Online Application System Register on http://admission.buaa.edu.cn with your frequently used personal email address, and fill out the application form following online requirements. Step 2 : Upload the Application Documents Online Submit the scanned copies of the required documents online: 1. Information page of ordinary passport (the expiry date should be after March 1st, 2027). Applicants currently in mainland China must also provide the valid visa page or residence permit page 2. High School Graduation Certificate (expected graduation certificate from the high school currently studying at can also be accepted, the original copy of high school graduation certificate will be verified at the time of registration) 3. The transcripts that covers all subjects in the period of high school 4. Proof of language proficiency that meets the language requirements for the applied major 5. Foreigner Physical Examination Form and the Report on Blood Examination within the validity period of 6 months 6. Financial guarantor letter 7. Financial guarantor proof (bank deposit of no less than 4 years tuition fee or annual income of no less than 30000 RMB) 8. Birth certificate of applicant 9. Documents proving the nationality of the applicant's both parents at the time of the applicant's birth (including passports, ID cards, the certificates of permanent resident abroad, etc.) 10. Certificate of Non-Criminal Record within the validity period of 6 months issued by the local public security authority (Applicant who is currently in China must provide a certificate of no criminal record issued by the local exit-entry administration) 11. An Integrity Commitment Letter to ensure the authenticity of all the application materials provided 12. Applicants under the age of 18 as of April 15th, 2026 should submit a notarized Guardian Guarantee Letter. The guardian should be an adult who resides in the city where the campus is located (Beijing or Hangzhou) with a source of income. 13. Other supplementary materials (such as award certificates, etc) · The personal email address is an important channel for feedback on application and admission information. It cannot be changed from the time of application submission until enrollment. · The language of documents should be in English or Chinese or attached with Notarized translation document in English or Chinese. · When uploading, please submit the scanned copies of the original documents mentioned above. Hard copies of the documents are not required. · Applicants for art majors should also submit a portfolio of paintings as required. Step 3: Pay the Application Fee and Submit the Application Officially Follow the website guidelines to pay the application fee and upload the payment voucher; after the application fee is verified and approved, officially submit the application. After successfully submitting your online application, please pay attention to the status of the online application system and your personal email in time. Major of Bachelor Degree Computer Science and Technology (AI and Big Data) International Economics and Trade (Digital Trade) Biomedical Engineering Condition to Continue as Bachelor Degree Students 1. Students shall obey all the rules and regulation of Beihang University and China 2.Students shall take the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) organized by the China Scholarship Council (CSC) under the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China and obtain the test scores 3. Students shall pass all the exams during foundation course 4. Students shall have 95% or above attendance 5. Students shall pass the interview and exam arrange by Beihang and Chinese Government Scholarship ※ Note: 1. please submit the corresponding application form together with the admission application materials through the online application system, otherwise it will be deemed not to apply for scholarship. 2.Type A Scholarship is exclusively available to fresh high school graduates (graduating in/after August 2025) Evaluation and Admission Process Schedule Application Deadline: March 10, 2026 Applicants need to submit online application information and scanned copies of application materials before this date Registration Date: April 15, 2026 Centralized registration time Foundation Course: April to July, 2026 Bachelor Degree: 4 Years, start from August/September 2026 Fees Application Fee : Pay 400 Yuan application fee online The application fee will not be refunded whether the application is successful or not Foundation Course: Tuition Fees(Accommodation included): 8000 CNY Medical Fees: 400-500 CNY Insurance Fees: 400 CNY Visa Extension Fees: 400 CNY Bachelor Degree: Tuition Fees: 30000 CNY Yearly Accommodation Fees: (Double room): 2000 - 2500 CNY Medical Fees: 400-500 CNY (First Year Only) Insurance Fees: 800 CNY Yearly Visa Extension Fees: 400 - 800 CNY Yearly Contact Us International Education Center Hangzhou International Innovation Institute of Beihang University No. 166 Shuanghongqiao Street, Pingyao Town, Yuhang District, Hangzhou, P.R. China Tel: +86-0571-28881125, +86-10-82339158, +86-10-82339331 E-mail: iec@buaa.edu.cn Web: http://is.buaa.edu.cn Wechat ID: IntlBeihang Study at Beihang University | 京ICP备10002635号 Address：International School Beihang University (No. 37 Xueyuan Road Haidian District Beijing P.R.China) WeChat