Chinese Version English Version 切换导航 Home News Notice Window of Beihang Download Academic Calendar Orientation Campus Map Online Application About Us 10 Reasons for Studying at Beihang Schools & Colleges International School Offices Admissions Undergraduate Foundation + Bachelor Postgraduate Visiting Scholar/Exchange Programs Student in Chinese Language Training Winter Camp-Fly Chinese Program International Summer School Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship-Bilateral Program Chinese Government Scholarship-High-level Postgraduates Program at Beihang University Youth of Excellence Scheme of China Program Chinese Government Scholarship Chinese Government Scholarship-Belt & Road Program Chinese Government Scholarship China Link Program International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Beijing Government Foreign Students Scholarship Beihang University Foreign Students Scholarship Campus Life Visa and Residence Permit Medical Treatment and Insurance International Student Dormitory International Student Associations Gallery & Videos Internship Employment Information Alumni Contact Us Home Scholarships Beijing Government Foreign Students Scholarship Content Application Procedures for Self-Supported Foreign Students Scholarship (Revised in 2021) Chapter One: Range of Self-Supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY "Self-Supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY" is set up for outstanding self-supported foreign students, aiming to encourage foreign students who study hard, have excellent academic performance, participate in various scientific research practices actively, social welfare, cultural and sports activities. Awards are given to undergraduates and postgraduates, including freshmen and current students. Chapter Two: Award Grade of Self-Supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY The award grade of Self-Supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY can be divided into Full Scholarship and Partial Scholarship. Full Scholarship: includes tuition fee, accommodation fee, insurance fee and living expenses (refer to the standard of Chinese government scholarship (CSC) students); Partial Scholarship: Overall or partial tuition fees (reduce 20%, 50%, 80& or 100% tuition fee), overall or partial accommodation fee and overall or partial living expenses. Chapter Three: Application Requirements of Self-Supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY New applicants must meet the application requirements of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY International Student Recruitment Rules and have not obtained any other scholarship. 1. Application requirements of freshmen (undergraduate) student Undergraduate freshmen who meet one of the following requirements can apply: (1) Perform excellent in high school and have excellent graduate exam result; (2) Ranked among the best in the entrance examination; (3) Outstanding performance in the recruitment interview; (4) Excellent in literature and art, sports, etc. 2. Application requirements of freshmen (postgraduate) student Postgraduate freshmen who meet one of the following requirements can apply: (1) Graduated from well-known universities at home or abroad with excellent academic performance; (2) Have outstanding achievements or great development potential in the field of work and study; (3) High quality papers published during previous degree. Applicants must be current self-supported graduates and scholars who have been enrolled in BEIHANG UNIVERSITY for one year in general, abide by the laws and regulations of the Chinese government and the rules and regulations of the university. 3. Application requirements of current self-supported undergraduates (1) Applicants study hard and obtain the excellent results in recent academic year. (2) Applicants should participate in various scientific research practices, public benefit activities and practice actively; (3) Applicants should participate in various cultural and sport practices organized by school and university actively. 4. Application requirements of current self-supported postgraduates Postgraduate students who meet one of the following requirements can apply: (1) Applicants should have a correct learning attitude, study hard, pass the courses prescribed by the training plan and have excellent academic performance. The average score of junior graduate students should be above 85 points. Senior graduate students should make good progress and achievements in scientific research. (2) Applicants should participate in various scientific research practices, public benefit activities and practice actively; (3) Applicants should participate in various cultural and sport practices organized by school and university actively. 5. Applicants will be ineligible for Self-supported Foreign Students Scholarships who has one of the following conditions: (1) Applicants violate the laws and decrees of Chinese Government and disobey rules and regulations of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY. (2) Applicants who are absent without reason for three times in one semester or seriously violate the discipline of class; (3) Applicants who fail the compulsory degree courses stipulated in the teaching plan of the previous academic year; (4) Undergraduates who failed three or more courses in the previous academic year; (5) Applicants who falsify scholarship application materials. Chapter Four: Application Methods and Time of Self-supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY 1. The award period of "Self-supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY" is one year. Applicants apply according to the academic year. Qualified foreign students should submit the form of "Self-supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY" filled by the student to the International Student Scholarship Office of International School. 2. New applicants should also submit the application materials required by the recruitment brochure of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY, current students (undergraduate) who apply need to provide the academic transcript of previous academic year and the recommendation letter from the school or the class advisor . Current postgraduate or doctoral students are required to provide transcripts from the previous academic year, certificates of publication, awards, and recommendation letters from the department or supervisor. 3. The deadline of new students who apply "Self-supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY" is May 31 . The application period for current students is between May 5 to 15 , rely on the notification of that year. 4. After the evaluation, the list of winners of "Self-supported Foreign Students Scholarship of BEIHANG UNIVERSITY" will be published on the website of Beihang International School. This will be noticed for one week. Attachment 1: Application Form for Beihang University Self-Supported Foreign Students Scholarship for Freshmen Prev: Application Procedures for Program and Cooperation Scholarship Next: Application Procedures for Distinguished Foreign Students Scholarship (Revised in 2021) Study at Beihang University | 京ICP备10002635号 Address：International School Beihang University (No. 37 Xueyuan Road Haidian District Beijing P.R.China) WeChat