Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Home 中文 Search Menu About Introducing Beihang University Motto & Spirit History Beihang at a Glance News Beihang News Events Schools & Colleges Admissions Undergraduate Program Master's Program Doctoral Program Visiting Scholar/Exchange Programs Chinese Language Program International Summer School Careers High-level Talent Overseas Talent Project Recruitment for Hangzhou International Campus Research Research Overview Research Bases Research Achievements Academic Journals Global Overview Partnerships Global Engagement Global Faculty Study Abroad Campus About Introducing Beihang University Motto & Spirit History Beihang at a Glance News Beihang News Events Schools & Colleges Admissions Undergraduate Program Master's Program Doctoral Program Visiting Scholar/Exchange Programs Chinese Language Program International Summer School Careers High-level Talent Overseas Talent Project Recruitment for Hangzhou International Campus Research Research Overview Research Bases Research Achievements Academic Journals Global Overview Partnerships Global Engagement Global Faculty Study Abroad Campus Home / Admissions / Undergraduate Program Undergraduate Program The undergraduate program for international students at Beihang University follows full-time education model, with a standard duration of 4 years and a maximum study period of 6 years. The curriculum is divided into Chinese-taught and English-taught courses, covering four major fields: science and engineering, economics and management, humanities and law, and arts. Each year, more than 60 specialized directions are available to international students, catering to diverse academic interests and developmental needs. Regarding graduation requirements, students must complete all required courses, meet the credit standards set by the program, and successfully defend their graduation project or thesis in order to receive an official bachelor's degree certificate from Beihang University. In terms of the training system, the program follows a "foundation first, then specialization" tiered training model: In the first year, international students will focus on basic courses at the International School, strengthening their foundation in subjects such as mathematics, physics, and language. Starting from the second year, students will enter their major schools to systematically study core courses and practical content related to their majors, gradually deepening their understanding and application of their specialized fields. We sincerely invite you to come to Beihang and begin an exciting journey of pursuing academic excellence, innovative creation, and global engagement, where dreams take flight and excellence knows no bounds. We will try our best to help you get a bright future. Contact us: Tel: +86-10-82339158，+86-10-82339331，+86-10-82316488 Fax: +86-10-82339326 E-mail: undergraduate@buaa.edu.cn Address: Office 203, International School, Beihang University No. 37 Xueyuan Road, Haidian District, Beijing 100191, P.R. China Click here for more details about Undergraduate Program Follow Us STUDY WITH US Undergraduate Program Master's Program Doctoral Program WORK WITH US Open Positions Our Faculty CONTACT US International Affairs Giving Visit Beihang Xueyuan Road Campus Shahe Campus Hangzhou International Campus Giving Beihang University Education Foundation works to support the construction and development of the university, promoting and facilitating Beihang's mission to become a world-class university with Chinese characteristics. Contact Us Phone +86-10-82339531 E-Mail bhuef@buaa.edu.cn Fax +86-10-82339531 Ext. 805 International Affairs The International Relations Department is the administrative department of Beihang University officially responsible for implementing the university's international policies and coordinating its international exchanges and cooperation. Contact Us E-Mail international@buaa.edu.cn Fax +86-10-82328036 Copyright © 2025 Beihang University. All rights reserved.