Home What's New Back What's New News Events Admissions Back Admissions HKDSE International Qualifications Post-Secondary Qualifications (Local Applicants) Chinese Mainland JEE 中国内地应届高考生入学 Direct Admission Schemes Programmes Fees and Scholarships Campus Visits & School Talks Prospectus FAQ Contact Us Home Page Begin Your Unbounded Journey at HKBU Home Page EN Back To Top Close Search Search ideas Programmes Admissions Events HKDSE Post-Secondary Qualifications International Qualifications Mainland Gaokao 内地应届高考生入学 Senior Year Entry Fees Scholarships {{keyItem}} Close {{page}} Fees and Scholarships Tuition Fee Admission Scholarships The tuition fee of full-time undergraduate programmes for 2026/27 academic year is HK$47,000 for local students and HK$190,000 i for non-local students 1 respectively. Fees are to be paid in two equal instalments. 1 Definition of Non-local Students Non-local students are defined as person entering Hong Kong for the purpose of education with any of the following student visa/ entry permit issued by the Director of Immigration of the Hong Kong Government: student visa/ entry permit visa under the Immigration Arrangements for Non-local Graduates dependent visa, who are aged 18 years old or above when they were issued with such visa Those who do not belong to this category will be considered as local applicants. Please check with the Admissions Office on your local/non-local status when in doubt. Under the current immigration policy, nationals from Afghanistan, Cuba and North Korea(DPRK) may not be able to obtain a student visa to study in Hong Kong. For details, please click here . For Local Students Admission Confirmation Fee (ACF) For newly enrolled undergraduate local students, a non-refundable admission confirmation fee of HK$5,000 must be paid on acceptance of admission offer. The ACF includes 1st installment of tuition fees (partial) and other administrative fees charged by the University. The balance of the first installment of tuition fee must be paid in October. Estimated Breakdown of Yearly Fees and Expenses Details of the estimated cost of studying at the University as a local student are listed below for reference: Cost Item Estimated Amount (in HKD) Tuition Fee 47,000 i for 2026/27 academic year Accommodation Fee (On-campus, based on 2-person room) 12,858 - 22,515 i & ii for around 9 months Remarks: i. Subject to University annual review. ii. For details, please refer to the housing policy and the website of Student Accommodation Section, Office of Student Affairs . For Non-local Students¹ *For non-local students from Mainland China applying via Joint Entrance Examination (JEE/Gaokao) scheme, please refer to the information here . Admission Confirmation Fee (ACF) For newly enrolled undergraduate non-local students, a non-refundable admission confirmation fee of HK$10,000 must be paid on acceptance of admission offer. The ACF includes 1st installment of tuition fees (partial) and other administrative fees charged by the University. The balance of the first installment of tuition fee must be paid in October. Estimated Breakdown of Yearly Fees and Expenses Details of the estimated cost of studying at the University as a non-local student are listed below for reference: Cost Item Estimated Amount (in HKD) University Accommodation (On-campus) Off-campus Accommodation (Click here for more information) Hostel (2-person room) Tuition Fee 190,000 i for 2026/27 academic year Accommodation Fee i 24,000 - 30,000 i & ii for 9 months 72,000 to 144,000 iii for 12 months Personal Expenses (including meals, transportation, entertainment and miscellaneous) 22,500 - 50,000 i & ii for 9 months 70,000 to 93,000 iii for 12 months Total 236,500 - 270,000 332,000 - 427,000 Remarks: i. Subject to University annual review. ii. Non-local students will be provided with residential places in the University accommodation in their first year of studies. In their subsequent years of studies, students can apply for the University accommodation, but allocation will be subject to availability. For details, please refer to the housing policy and the website of Student Accommodation Section, Office of Student Affairs . For full admissions scholarship recipients, please refer to the housing policy for the arrangements. The above information and accommodation fee is subject to change and review. The information in the housing policy shall always prevail in case of discrepancy. iii. Actual costs vary with personal lifestyle choices. Admission scholarships are awarded to selected recipients, including new students, on the basis of academic merits, non-academic achievements, as well as other criteria set by the University and donors. No separate application is required. Please refer to the website of Scholarships & Financial Aid Unit, Office of Student Affairs f or detailed information and the information therein shall always prevail. 1 Definition of Non-local Students Non-local students are defined as person entering Hong Kong for the purpose of education with any of the following student visa/ entry permit issued by the Director of Immigration of the Hong Kong Government: student visa/ entry permit visa under the Immigration Arrangements for Non-local Graduates dependent visa, who are aged 18 years old or above when they were issued with such visa Those who do not belong to this category will be considered as local applicants. Please check with the Admissions Office on your local/non-local status when in doubt. Under the current immigration policy, nationals from Afghanistan, Cuba and North Korea(DPRK) may not be able to obtain a student visa to study in Hong Kong. For details, please click here . For Local Students Applicants via JUPAS Route JUPAS admittees will be awarded a one-off academic entry scholarship if they meet the University Entrance Requirements for full-time undergraduate programmes in one sitting in their most recent HKDSE examination and fulfill one of the following requirements: Full-tuition Scholarship: an aggregate HKDSE score of 28 or above from the best 5 subjects under Category A; or an aggregate HKDSE score of 27 from the best 5 subjects under Category A, PLUS Level 5** in one Category A subject. Half-tuition Scholarship: an aggregate HKDSE score of 26 from the best 5 subjects under Category A Recipients may concurrently receive other scholarships or awards from HKBU or other donors/organisations that subsidise their tuition fee provided that the total amount of scholarships received does not exceed the actual tuition fee paid, i.e., HKBU may adjust the amount of scholarship awarded accordingly. Awards for subject excellence: JUPAS entrants with Level 5** in two subjects under Category A will be awarded a one-off HK$30,000. JUPAS entrants with Level 5** in one subject under Category A will be awarded a one-off HK$15,000. Students cannot receive the University full-tuition or half-tuition scholarship concurrently with the above awards for subject excellence, but they may still receive the admission scholarships offered by their Faculties/programmes if they fulfil both requirements. Applicants via Non-JUPAS Route I. Admission Scholarship Scheme for Outstanding Local Students Outstanding local applicants will be eligible for a one-off full-tuition or half-tuition if they are able to attain one of the following requirements: Full-tuition Scholarship (Local Applicants): GCE applicants with 3ALs, AAA or above (excluding Chinese & English Language subjects); or IB applicants with a total score of 37 or above (including bonus points); or SAT applicants with a combined score of 2,040 or new SAT score of 1,430 or above. Half-tuition Scholarship (Local Applicants): GCE applicants with 3ALs, AAB or above (excluding Chinese & English Language subjects); IB applicants with a total score of 35 or above (including bonus points); SAT applicants with a new SAT score of 1,360 or above (or combined score of 1,920 for results attained on or before Jan 2016). II. Admission Scholarship Scheme for Outstanding Local Senior Year Entrants (Full-tuition Scholarship) Local sub-degree holders, who are admitted to our full-time UGC-funded undergraduate degree programmes as senior year entrants with a normalised cumulative GPA of 3.80 or above (normalised to a maximum cumulative GPA of 4.00); or equivalent qualifications stipulated by the University, will be awarded a one-off full-tuition scholarship. HKBU Village CARE Campaign Admission Scholarship Scheme for Outstanding South and South East Asian Ethnic Minority Students Full-tuition or half-tuition scholarship will be awarded to outstanding local ethnic minority students who are admitted to full-time UGC-funded undergraduate degree programmes offered by the University via JUPAS or non-JUPAS. The Scholarship is tenable for up to four years, subject to attainment of renewal requirements. Selection criteria include academic potential, financial needs, participation in community service and extra-curricular activities, leadership qualities, goals and desire to contribute to society, as well as other talents or non-academic achievements. Please refer to the website of Scholarships & Financial Aid Unit, Office of Student Affairs for details. Financial Aid Full-time local students with financial need may apply for financial assistance in the form of grants, bursaries and loans. A few bursaries are available for full-time non-local students. More details are in the website of Scholarships & Financial Aid Unit, Office of Student Affairs . Note: The University reserves the right to change the terms or withdraw the scholarships. In case of any dispute/disagreement, the University's decision is final. For Non-local Students¹ Applicants via Non-JUPAS Route I. Admission Scholarship Scheme for Overseas Applicants These scholarships* are available to non-local applicants at the time of entrance into HKBU. No separate application is required. These scholarships are renewable for normal duration of study subject to the student's achievement of good result. Full Scholarship (100% tuition HKD190,000 + living subsidies HKD52,500) Tuition-waiver Scholarship (100% Tuition HKD190,000) Half Scholarship (50% of Full Scholarship) * Subject to University's annual review. II. Belt and Road Scholarship The University will nominate outstanding non-local non-mainland admittees from Indonesia, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Thailand and other Belt and Road countries to compete for the Belt and Road Scholarship offered by the Government of Hong Kong SAR. The scholarship covers annual tuition fees and is tenable for the normal duration of the study programme concerned and renewable annually subject to satisfactory academic performance of the recipients. Please refer to the official website for more details. III. Faculty-level Admissions Scholarships Individual Faculties / Schools / Academy may offer entrance scholarships to outstanding non-local applicants. Details of these scholarships are available in the website of Scholarships & Financial Aid Unit, Office of Student Affairs . Note: The University reserves the right to change the terms or withdraw the scholarships. In case of any dispute/disagreement, the University's decision is final. We use Cookies to give you a better experience on our website. By continuing to browse the site without changing your privacy settings, you are consenting to our use of Cookies. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy Statement and Personal Information Collection Statement . Accept ✕ Home What's New Admissions Programmes Fees and Scholarships FAQ Campus Visits & School Talks Prospectus Contact Us CONNECT WITH US Sitemap Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright © 2025 Admissions Office, Academic Registry, Hong Kong Baptist University. All rights reserved.