Homepage Navigation Search Content Footer Contact Sitemap Header Services Student portal Alumni association Staffnet Contact Login Search Search en EN DE FR (TA) IT (TA) Departments ETH Zurich Select a department Departments D-ARCH: Architecture D-BAUG: Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering D-BSSE: Biosystems Science and Engineering D-INFK: Computer Science D-ITET: Information Technology and Electrical Engineering D-MATL: Department of Materials D-MAVT: Mechanical and Process Engineering D-BIOL: Biology D-CHAB: Chemistry and Applied Biosciences D-MATH: Mathematics D-PHYS: Physics D-EAPS: Earth and Planetary Sciences D-HEST: Health Sciences and Technology D-USYS: Environmental Systems Science D-MTEC: Management, Technology and Economics D-GESS: Humanities, Social and Political Sciences Language Selection en English Deutsch Français (TA) Italiano (TA) You are here Homepage Studies at ETH Zurich Bachelor's degree studies Application Non-Swiss matriculation certificate Language requirements Language requirements The main teaching language during Bachelor's degree studies is German. For admission to the Bachelor's studies, our language requirements must be met. This may mean that a German language certificate must be submitted by the application deadline (= 31 March). Applications with invalid, insufficient or missing language certificate will be rejected after 31 March on formal grounds. ETH Zurich offers no German courses or language certification examinations. The preparation, timely organisation and sitting of the German certification examination is the applicant's responsibility. When should the language certificate be submitted? The German C1 language certificate must be submitted by the application deadline (=31 March) at the latest. If the language certificate has not been uploaded at the time of application, please ensure that you submit it in eApply by 31 March at the latest. The submission deadline for the German language certificate is fixed and non-negotiable. Recognised language certificates The following list contains all of the German language certificates which qualify the holder for admission to Bachelor's degree studies, and potential grounds for a waiver. Any certificates not listed, or those showing insufficient grades/points, are not accepted. Validity of language certificates The C1 German language certificate may be no older than 2 years at the start of the application period. The Goethe certificate C2 and the ÖSD certificate C2 may be no older than 5 years at the start of the application period. Waivers Applicants who meet one of the under mentioned requirements do not need to submit a German language certificate: Mother tongue [Native language] German : By 'mother tongue' we mean the main language which you acquired in childhood with no formal teaching. It is also the language in which you now write, speak and understand written and oral communi­cation with the least effort and with the greatest competence (level C2 and higher according to the external page Common European Framework of Reference for Languages ). By 'bilingual' we mean that your knowledge of a second language fulfils the same criteria as those listed above for your mother tongue. German Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife, provided the school is located in Germany or in the German-speaking part of Switzerland. School and matriculation certificates which document German language skills (even Level C 2) and supple­men­tary examinations in German to obtain the German Abitur are not accepted in place of a language certificate. Austrian Reifeprüfungszeugnis, provided the school is located in Austria or in Liech­ten­stein. School and matriculation certificates which document German language skills (even Level C 2) and supplementary examinations in German to obtain the Austrian Reifeprüfungszeugnis are not accepted in place of a language certificate. Luxembourgian Certificat de fin d'études secondaires. Diplom über die bestandene staatliche Abschlussprüfung an der Oberschule at a school located in South Tyrol and where German is the main medium of instruction. Abschlusszeugnis der Oberstufe des Sekundarunterrichts of the 'Deutsche Gemeinschaft' in Belgium. A full-time, classroom-based Bachelor's degree programme of at least three years' duration with Bachelor qualification in German, at a university in Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein or Switzerland. Contact Admissions Office Footer Recommended links Media information Search Keyword or person Follow us Services Student portal Alumni association Staffnet Contact Login Departments D-ARCH Architecture D-BAUG Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering D-BIOL Biology D-BSSE Biosystems Science and Engineering D-CHAB Chemistry and Applied Biosciences D-EAPS Earth and Planetary Sciences D-GESS Humanities, Social and Political Sciences D-HEST Health Sciences and Technology D-INFK Computer Science D-ITET Information Technology and Electrical Engineering D-MATH Mathematics D-MATL Department of Materials D-MAVT Mechanical and Process Engineering D-MTEC Management, Technology and Economics D-PHYS Physics D-USYS Environmental Systems Science Table of contents and legal Sitemap Imprint Accessibility Statement Disclaimer & Copyright Data protection © 2026 Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich JavaScript has been disabled in your browser