Homepage Navigation Search Content Footer Contact Sitemap Student portal Services Alumni Association Staffnet Login Search Search en EN DE Departments ETH Zurich Student portal Language Selection en English Deutsch You are here Homepage Studies Financial Scholarships Scholarships ETH Zurich offers social scholarships for Bachelor and Master studies as well as merit-based excellence scholarships for Master studies insofar the study is your first education and you do not have a degree on the same level. Need-based social scholarships Funding studies is primarily the responsibility of the student and the immediate family. ETH Zurich offers social scholarships if financial ressources are available. Social scholarships are subsidiary funding. They do not cover living and study costs. Scholarship calculator Scholarships for study and living costs are awarded on the condition that the applicant can provide evidence of his/her financial circumstances in the form of official documents. The external page scholarship calculator can help determine the amount of a potential ETH-Scholarship. There is no entitlement to benefits on the basis of this estimate sum. It calculates with the single tuition fee. If there occur problems with the scholarship calculator using the Internet Explorer, a change to Firefox or Chrome is recommended. Scholarships from swiss foundations There are a number of foundations in Switzerland and abroad offering scholarships to support students. It is worth searching for these funding opportunities online and/or making enquiries at your local authority. Contact Financial Aid Office Phone +41 44 632 20 88 / +41 44 632 30 38 ETH Zurich Rämistrasse 101 HG F22.1 8092 Zurich Show more Show less Footer Recommended links Academic calendar myStudies Search Keyword or person Services Alumni Association Staffnet Login Contact ETH Zurich Rectorate Show more Show less Departments D-ARCH Architecture D-BAUG Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering D-BIOL Biology D-BSSE Biosystems Science and Engineering D-CHAB Chemistry and Applied Biosciences D-EAPS Earth and Planetary Sciences D-GESS Humanities, Social and Political Sciences D-HEST Health Sciences and Technology D-INFK Computer Science D-ITET Information Technology and Electrical Engineering D-MATH Mathematics D-MATL Department of Materials D-MAVT Mechanical and Process Engineering D-MTEC Management, Technology and Economics D-PHYS Physics D-USYS Environmental Systems Science Table of contents and legal Sitemap Imprint Accessibility Statement Disclaimer & Copyright Data protection © 2026 Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich JavaScript has been disabled in your browser