1 Tuition, semester and other fees (In accordance with the Fee Ordinance for the ETH Domain of 31 May 1995; state 5 December 2024) The study fees at ETH Zurich include the tuition and the semester fees. The invoice is sent automatically by email. 1. Tuition fees per semester in Swiss Francs CHF Bachelor / Master students Group 1 1 Group 2 2 Regular enrolment (incl. Master thesis) 730 Until FS 2025: 730 As of HS 2025: 2190 Students on leave enrolling for courses, per weekly semester hour (maximum: like tuition fees per semester) 60 60 Teacher Training Amount Teaching diploma once, upon initial enrolment 730 Teaching certificate once, upon initial enrolment 365 Auditors Amount Per weekly semester hour (maximum: like tuition fees group 1 per semester) 60 Doctoral students Amount once, before registering for the oral examination 1500 Students Master of Advanced Studies (MAS) MAS students pay tuition fees for two semesters, plus a contribution to costs as determined by the Executive Board. The total amount is paid in two equal part-payments during the first two semesters, regardless of the total duration of the respective programme. Students Certificate/Diploma of Advanced Studies (CAS/DAS) DAS/CAS students pay the tuition fee for one semester and a contribution to costs as determined by the Executive Board. Terms of payment are different for each course. 1 Students - with Swiss citizenship - with Liechtenstein citizenship - from member states of the European Union, provided they are employees, self-employed or family members of persons are subject to the Agreement on the Free Movement of Persons with the EU (AFMP) resp. EFTA Agreement. - for children of such persons, provided the children are resident in Switzerland. 2 Students who establish residence in Switzerland or the Principality of Liechtenstein for the purpose of their studies or who are not resident in either country. Residence is deemed to have been established for the purpose of studies if the person concerned was not resident in either Switzerland or the Principality of Liechtenstein at the time of the university entry qualification certificate was acquired. 2 2. Semester fees Bachelor / Master/ Doctoral students Amount in CHF, each semester Compulsory semester fees (also in a leave of absence) Academic Sports Association Zurich (ASVZ) 35 Scholarship fund 7 VSETH (ETH Zurich Student Union), fee for general services 32 (not for Doctoral students) Bachelor / Master/ Doctoral students Amount in CHF, each semester Voluntary contributions VSETH membership fee and specialized associations 10 SOS-ETH membership 5 Solidarity fund for foreign students 5 3. One-off fees Application fees Amount in CHF, one-off Students applying to a Bachelor, Master, MAS or CAS/DAS programme with Swiss matriculation certificate non-Swiss matriculation certificate 50 150 Doctoral students applying from Swiss Universities foreign Universities 50 150 Other Fees Amount in CHF, one-off Change of degree programme 50 Request for recognition of study achievements 50 Failure to meet a prescribed deadline 50 Invoice reminder fee (payable with second reminder) 50 Re-admission following dematriculation 50 Replacement of ETH card 25 Replacement of documents (according to fee regulations) 5 to 80 Failure to withdraw on time after admission to a Master of Advanced Studies programme depending on the programme 3 4. Examination fees Entrance Examination Bachelor students Amount in CHF, one-off Comprehensive entrance examination 800 Reduced entrance examination 550 Examination Fees Bachelor/Master students Amount in CHF, one-off Examination fees are included in the tuition fee. 0 Late examination fee depending on the time of registration 50 to 90 5. Costs of materials, excursions etc. Invoices are issued by the responsible department.