StS / Financial Aid Office Scholarships for international BSc and MSc students (Non-Swiss with B-permit) General Information ETH Zurich offers social scholarships for enrolled ETH bachelor's and master's students in financial need. This assumes that they must be residents of Switzerland. ETH Zurich scholarships end with the completion of the first master's degree, which means that ETH Zurich does not award scholarships for continuing education courses or second educations on the same level (second bachelor's or master's degree). Scholarships from ETH Zurich are always intended to provide subsidiary funding. They are designed to supplement other financial sources, and in particular contributions from the family, scholarships from foundations or the country of origin. ETH Zurich Scholarships do not completely cover all living and study costs. Therefore, students must apply for scholarships and/or student loans in their home country first and demonstrate proof of these efforts. ETH Zurich Scholarships can be granted until the end of the standard study period specified in the study regulation plus two semesters (in relation to the entire duration of the studies, i.e. BSc and MSc). Eligibility / Academic Achievements In addition to the f inancial situation of the student and his/her parents, all students need to demonstrate an adequate progress within their studies. Requirements for the bachelor's degree programme: • Enrollment as a bachelor's student at ETH Zurich • Passed the first-year exams in all parts / blocks (basic examination) • After passing the basic examination: Having gained at least 120 ECTS by the end of the 5th semester (incl. ECTS from the basic examination). Requirements for the master's degree programme: • Enrollment as a master's student at ETH Zurich • Non-Swiss master's students without an ETH-BSc degree can only apply for a scholarship after successfully completing their first master's study year at ETHZ and having gained a minimum of 40 ECTS in the previous study year. • Continuation of scholarship: Having gained at least 20 ECTS per semester or 40 ECTS in total in the previous two semesters. Examinations Non-participation in exams due to illness must be proven to us by a medical certificat e that was issued not more than one day after the scheduled exam. Application period You can submit your complete application for the academic year 2026/2027 from: September 1 to October 31, 2026. Electronic application eStip: Follow the instructions in the electronic process and upload all required documents as pdf files as indicated. Incomplete scholarship applications cannot be processed. Please note: Once the application has been submitted, it is no longer possible to make changes to the application and no documents will be accepted by e-mail. www.estip.ethz.ch 07/2026 Documents • Proof of income/pension of the parents Annual income (in local currency) of both parents before tax deduction for the whole year 2025: We accept only original documents i.e. tax declaration / employer's income confirmation or excerpt from the social security register (e.g. Turkey). All amounts must be converted into CHF at the current daily exchange rate. If your parents are divorced, please upload the documents of the responsible parent and submit a divorce certificate. Please translate! • Proof of income after parents' retirement (additional income) Please upload the completed form "Income after pension" as a pdf. Parents must sign the document by hand. • Evidence of assets (parents) Please upload the completed form "Evidence of assets of the parents" as a pdf. Parents must sign the document by hand. • Proof of income (student) for AJ 2026/2027 Submit all employment contracts for the past and current academic year, including (expected) salary information. Please upload your employer's pay slips as proof of your income. • Contributions from authorities to the student Proof of other support contributions, e.g. alimony payments, orphan's or half-orphan's pension, children's pension, supplementary benefits, other pension funds, etc. • Scholarship efforts in your home country Please upload proof of your scholarship efforts in your home country as a pdf-file. (E-Mails, Decision letters, No links) • Other scholarship decisions / loans Please upload all current decisions of other scholarships (e.g. country of origin, foundations, BAföG / Mobilitätsstipendium etc.) for the academic year 2026/2027, as well as loan decisions from banks / private / ETH. • Evidence of transport costs (if your domicile is not in the city of Zurich) GA (General Abonnement): Please upload the purchase receipt & a web extract of the cheapest route subscription "Residence - HB ZH". All documents must be translated into German or English. We accept your own translation of the documents. However, the originals must still be submitted. Currencies must be converted into Swiss francs (CHF) at the current daily exchange rate (date of application). Family / financial situation In a text field you will be asked to describe your individual financial and family situation and to provide information on how you have financed your studies so far . This saves us any queries. You are welcome to discuss questions and problems with us during counter hours and before the application deadline. Scholarship Decision All necessary documents must be uploaded and submitted by the last day of the application deadline. Otherwise, your scholarship application cannot be reviewed. The applicant is responsible for the complete and truthful information. False information in the application can lead to rejection of the application and/or reclaiming of all previously paid scholarship payments. The scholarship decision letters will be published on eStip. Payments of ETH scholarships are made in one or two installments following the publication of the decision within the academic year of the application. ETH Zurich Student Services / Financial Aid Office HG F22.1 / Opening hours: Mon - Thu 11 - 13 h Rämistrasse 101 8092 Zurich Tel.: +41 44 632 20 88 / +41 44 632 30 38 Website of the Financial Aid Office