Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search How to apply - international students Apply now View entry requirements Home Study International students How to apply International students Show menu International student applications to Adelaide University If you're an international student who wants to apply for an undergraduate or postgraduate coursework program at Adelaide University, you're in the right place. There are 3 stages of application for international students at Adelaide University: Before you apply - Get ready by collecting your documents and planning your application Applying - Submit your application and documents After applying - Receive your offer and plan what you need to move to Australia Interested in a research degree? The information on this page is for coursework programs only. To apply for a research degree, see our step-by-step guide. Apply as a research degree student Before you apply What you need to prepare before starting your application. Expand all 1. Find your degree Explore our degrees using the Adelaide University degree search and choose the one that aligns with your career and academic goals. Useful links: Find your degree 2. Check international entry requirements You will need to meet a few requirements when you apply: Academic (study) entry requirements English language requirements Genuine Student requirement Financial capacity requirement (able to financially support yourself and your accompanying family - if you have dependants - while you are studying). Some courses may also have extra requirements. You can check these on your degree page. Useful links: Find your degree International student entry requirements 3. Consider pathways and preparation programs If you don't meet the direct entry requirements, you may be able to study through one of our pathway programs. These programs help you build the skills you need to start your chosen degree at Adelaide University. Pathway programs offer different subjects, start dates, and learning experiences, so you can choose the one that best suits you. Useful links: Explore pathway programs 4. Understand the right application process for you There are three ways to apply: Research degree students have a different application process from bachelor's and postgraduate courses. Make sure to check the specific application process for research degrees. Through an Education Agent - Some students must apply using an Education Agent. Adelaide University has agents around the world who can help you with your application and student visa. Students from these regions need to apply through an Education Agent: Middle East North Africa Sub-Saharan Africa South Asia (Bangladesh, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka) Philippines Latin America Direct application - For most students, you can apply directly to the University using our Online Application System. Useful links: Apply as a research degree student Find an Education Agent Online Application System 5. Check key dates Check the application closing date for your chosen degree. Some degrees have different deadlines, so we recommend reviewing the degree page to be sure. Useful links: Find your degree 6. Prepare your documents You need to include official documents with your application, such as: Academic certificates and transcripts Graduate certificates (if applicable) for all secondary school and tertiary studies Proof of English language proficiency Proof of identity (e.g., passport) Some programs may also ask for extra documents like a personal statement, portfolio, or supplementary form. Some examples of supporting documents are: Relevant work experience - certified references from your employer, if needed Portfolio Recognition of prior learning (RPL) form, if you are applying for RPL Details of course exclusions, if any. Translation of documents: If your documents are not in English, they must be officially translated and submitted with certified copies. To find out more about document certification, contact us. Useful links: Prepare your documentation Learn about certified documents Applying Ready to apply? Here are your next steps. Expand all 7. Consider scholarships and other financial support Adelaide University offers a variety of scholarships to support international students from many different backgrounds. Scholarships can make it easier to study, give you confidence, and help you achieve your career goals. Use our search scholarships tool to find the scholarship that's right for you - we're here to support you throughout your studies and help you succeed. Useful links: Find a scholarship 8. Check study or work credit Recognition of Prior Learning (RPL) means your past study or work experience can be counted as credit, or advanced standing, towards your degree. If you receive credit, you may be able to: Reduce the overall length of your degree Helps you avoid taking the same or similar courses again To be considered, your previous study must be passed with a good grade and come from one of these: A recognised university or higher education provider in Australia A recognised university or tertiary provider overseas A registered Australian private provider of accredited programs A registered Australian education and training provider. How this affects your visa If your approved credit shortens your degree, we will let you know and give you a new Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE). Useful links: Credit procedure 9. Submit application Applying with an authorised Education Agent Some students must apply through an Adelaide University authorised Education Agent. We have a wide network of agents around the world who can help you prepare and submit your application, and also assist with your student visa. Students from these regions must apply through an agent: Middle East North Africa Sub-Saharan Africa South Asia (Bangladesh, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka) Philippines Latin America Applying without an agent If you don't need to apply via an Education Agent, you can submit your application directly through our Online Application System. Note A non-refundable application fee of AUD $150* applies to every application. Useful links: Find an Education Agent Online application System After application What to expect after submitting your application. Expand all 10. Application assessment time The team will carefully review your application and provide an outcome as soon as possible. Right now, we're experiencing a high volume of applications, so it may take up to two weeks for us to complete the assessment. If your application requires a credit assessment, the process may take a little longer - up to four weeks. 11. Accept your offer When the outcome of your application is available, you'll receive an email. If your application is successful, you will receive an Offer of Admission. Conditional vs Unconditional Offer If successful, you will receive either an unconditional or conditional offer. If you receive a conditional offer, you'll need to fulfil all the conditions before you can accept your offer. If you receive an unconditional offer, all you need to do is provide your signed Offer of Admission, a copy of your passport and pay your First Tuition Payment and Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) (if applicable) Applying without an agent vs with an agent If you applied with an Education Agent, you need to give them permission to accept the offer on your behalf. If you applied directly, you will need to log in to the Online Application System and accept the offer yourself. Sponsored If you are sponsored, you'll need to include a financial guarantee letter from your sponsor, or scholarship provider, that states the costs covered and the name of the program as part of your offer acceptance. Check deadline You need to accept your offer by the deadline and pay your First Tuition Payment to enrol. Useful links: Find your degree International student entry requirements 12. Organise your Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) A valid Australian student visa requires health insurance coverage. You can purchase cover through Adelaide University's preferred provider in the Online Application System, or you may choose your own third-party supplier. If you choose a third-party provider, you must provide proof of your cover when you accept your offer in the Online Application System. Useful links: How to accept an offer 13. Update your details and receive your CoE You will need to upload a copy of the personal ID page and signature page in your passport and ensure your personal details (e.g. name, email address) are up to date in the Online Application System, so that your Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) can be correctly issued. Useful links: How to accept an offer 14. Apply for a student visa After you enrol at Adelaide University, and pay your First Tuition Payment, arrange your Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC), and receive your Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE), you are ready to apply for a student visa. With an Education Agent - Your agent will lodge your student visa application for you. Without an Education Agent - You can apply for your student visa directly on the Australian Government's Department of Home Affairs website. Useful links: How to accept an offer Find an Education Agent Department of Home Affairs website *Note: Application fees will not be charged for research degrees, 100% online programs, and non-award programs, such as Study Abroad and Exchange or standalone English Language Centre programs. Find an Education Agent Apply now Contact us Make an enquiry We're here to help. Get in touch with us today. Enquire online Give us a call From within Australia 08 7420 5115 From outside Australia +61 8 7420 5115 ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top