Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search International entry requirements Home Study International students How to apply International entry requirements How to apply Show menu Entry requirements for international students The following information provides a general overview of the international entry requirements, English language requirements, Genuine Student requirements and financial capacity requirements that must be satisfied for entry into one of our undergraduate or postgraduate degrees. Please note these provide a general guide only and should be read in conjunction with the specific entry requirement information for your chosen degree. Find your degree Expand all Academic entry requirements Undergraduate degree programs In alignment with the Admissions Policy and Procedure , applicants are required to meet one of the following criteria with a competitive result and demonstrate that they fulfil any prerequisite requirements and essential requirements for admission: Recent secondary education Completion of a secondary education qualification equivalent to SACE, such as an interstate year 12 or international qualification. Undergraduate admission by country To be eligible, an applicant must have achieved the minimum entry score based on their country of academic completion and demonstrate they fulfil any prerequisite and essential criteria for admission. In cases where there are more eligible applicants than available places, admission will be competitive with ranks based on the entry criteria. View undergraduate admission by country list Higher education study Successful completion of at least six months full-time study (or equivalent part-time) of a bachelor program (Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF) level 7), or higher, at a recognised higher education institution. Overseas qualifications considered by Adelaide University as equivalent to the above Australian qualifications may be accepted however English language requirements will also apply. Vocational Education and Training (VET) Completion of an award from a registered training organisation (RTO) at Certificate IV (Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF) level 4), or higher. And the following essential program requirements for Admission: Prerequisites Assumed knowledge. Postgraduate degree programs Postgraduate applicants are required to have one of the following: A completed bachelor degree from a recognised higher education institution or equivalent; or A completed graduate diploma from a recognised higher education institution; or A completed graduate certificate from a recognised higher education institution. Overseas qualifications considered by Adelaide University as equivalent to the above Australian qualifications may be accepted however English language requirements will also apply. English language proficiency To be admitted to a coursework program at Adelaide University, International students from non-English speaking backgrounds must meet our minimum English language requirements. The minimum English language requirement for entry to an Adelaide University undergraduate program is an International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Academic overall score of 6.0 or equivalent. However, English language entry requirements are degree specific, and some degrees have higher English language requirements. This means the exact requirement will depend upon the degree you are applying to. Please visit the degree page for more information. You can demonstrate your level of English language proficiency by providing the results of an accepted English language test (e.g. IELTS, PTE), taken within the last two years prior to admission. In some cases, you can also meet minimum language requirements using your previous academic qualifications (e.g. a Diploma completed in Australia) or through practical application of your English skills in a professional environment. Where previous study/work experience was conducted in English, the application must be accompanied by certified documentation from the educational institution/employer certifying that the language of instruction/employment was English. If you don't meet the minimum English language requirements, you can still apply for a program and if you meet the academic eligibility requirements for admission, we can send you a conditional offer packaged with an English language preparatory program from our English Language Centre. Proof of English language proficiency, in addition to the academic entry requirements, does not guarantee a place at Adelaide University. Applications are considered on an individual basis and selection is competitive. More information For a comprehensive list of all English language tests accepted by Adelaide University, please visit the English language proficiency page . Genuine Student (GS) requirement The Genuine Student (GS) requirement is an Australian Government integrity measure that applies to all student visa applicants. It considers whether the individual circumstances of a student indicate that their intention is to stay in Australia specifically for study. All applicants for a student visa must be a genuine applicant for entry. They must stay as a student and be able to show an understanding that studying in Australia is the primary reason of their student visa. The GS requirement is intended to include students who, after studying in Australia, develop skills Australia needs and who then go on to apply for permanent residence. Your offer may include a condition requiring satisfaction of Adelaide University's Genuine Student requirement. We will undertake further checks of your application and you may be asked to book and complete an interview as part of this process. Find out more Financial capacity requirement Adelaide University must also be satisfied that you are able to financially support yourself and your accompanying family (if you have dependants) while you are studying. This means that you must be able to meet the cost of tuition fees and your living expenses, and that you understand that you will not be able to ask the University to waive your tuition fees, or pay any of your costs while you are living in Australia. View non-tuition fees Our pathway providers How to apply Make an enquiry ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top