Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search English language proficiency Home Study International students How to apply International entry requirements English language proficiency International entry requirements Show menu International students from non-English speaking backgrounds must meet Adelaide University's minimum English language requirements to be admitted to a degree. English language entry requirements are specific to the degree you choose, and some degrees have higher English language requirements. This means the exact level of English language proficiency required will depend upon the degree you are applying to. Adelaide University degree pages list the International English Language Testing System (IELTS) score required and a link to all accepted tests. You can demonstrate your level of English language proficiency by providing the results of an accepted English language test, noting that only tests taken at an official test centre can be accepted. Tests are generally valid for two years prior to admission. Some degrees require a shorter validity period. Please visit your chosen degree page for more information. Accepted tests: International English Language Testing System (IELTS) - Academic Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) - iBT Cambridge C1 Advanced test (previously Cambridge English: Advanced CAE) Cambridge C2 Proficiency test Occupational English Test (OET) (not for all degrees) Other accepted methods to meet English proficiency: Australian year 12 with a passing grade in a recognised English as a Second Language or English Language subject International Baccalaureate Diploma (including specific language subjects undertaken in English) Foundation program at another Australian university In limited circumstances, previous academic qualifications or practical application of your English skills in a professional environment Find your degree Expand all English language test equivalency table The table below lists the English language testing systems accepted by Adelaide University, and grades equivalent to IELTS. Overall scores IELTS (Academic)* 6.0 6.5 7.0 7.5 8.0 8.5 9.0 TOEFL iBT 60 79 94 107 112 116 120 PTE 60 64 72 74 82 88 90 C1 / C2 169 176 185 191 200 205 209 OET^ C to C+ B B - 3 A & 1 B - - Subscores IELTS (Academic)* 6.0 6.5 7.0 7.5 8.0 8.5 9.0 TOEFL iBT (Speaking) 18 20 23 24 26 28 30 TOEFL iBT (Reading) 13 19 24 27 29 30 30 TOEFL iBT (Listening) 12 20 24 27 28 29 30 TOEFL iBT (Writing) 21 24 27 29 30 30 30 PTE 60 64 72 74 82 88 90 C1 / C2 169 176 185 191 200 205 209 Notes English language test results are generally valid for two years prior to the date of commencement at Adelaide University. *IELTS Academic includes IELTS Academic One Skill Retake, IELTS UKVI Academic. ^OET applies for Health Programs only. The scores in each band must be achieved in one sitting. Adelaide University's English Language Centre (ELC) provides packaged ELICOS programs for students who do not meet English language requirements. Visit the Pathway providers page to find out more. Adelaide University does not offer packaged programs with The Centre for English Language at the University of South Australia (CELUSA), but does accept CELUSA results. Program specific exceptions Bachelor of Nursing, Bachelor of Midwifery, Master of Nursing (Graduate Entry), and Master of Midwifery (Graduate Entry) Bachelor of Nursing, Bachelor of Midwifery, Master of Nursing (Graduate Entry) and Master of Midwifery (Graduate Entry) applicants are required to meet the University's language requirements, which comply with the English Language Skills Registration Standard as outlined by the Nursing and Midwifery Board of Australia (NMBA) . All applicants must demonstrate their English Language competency in one of the following ways: English language test pathway Applicants have achieved the required minimum scores in one of the following English language tests. (Tests are valid for 12 months prior to program commencement.) Test Overall score Subscores Test results accepted from • one test sitting, or • a maximum of two test sittings in a 12-month period only if: Cambridge (C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency) Minimum score of 185 Minimum overall score of 185 in each of the three components: listening reading speaking and minimum score of 176 in the one component of: writing you are tested in all four components in each sitting you achieve a minimum score of 185 in each component for listening, reading and speaking and a minimum score of 176 for writing across the two sittings, and when using two test sittings no score in any component of the test(s) for either test sitting is below 176. IELTS (Academic) Overall score of 7.0 Minimum score of 7 in each of the three components: listening reading, and speaking. and minimum score of 6.5 in the one component: writing you achieve a minimum overall score of 7 in each sitting, and you achieve a minimum score of 7 in each component for listening, reading and speaking and a minimum score of 6.5 for writing across the two sittings, and when using two test sittings no score in any component of the test(s) for either test sitting is below 6.5. OET (any profession specific OET test can be accepted) Minimum score of 350 (B) in each of the following components: listening writing and minimum score of 360 (B) in the one component: reading speaking you are tested in all four components in each sitting, and you achieve the required minimum scores in each component for listening, reading, writing and speaking, and when using two test sittings no score in any component of the test(s) for either test sitting is below: 320 for listening 340 for reading 350 for writing, and 350 for speaking. PTE Academic Minimum overall score of 66 Minimum score of 66 in each of the three communicative skills: listening reading writing and minimum score of 76 in one communicative skill: speaking a minimum overall score of 66 is achieved in each sitting, and you achieve a minimum score of 66 in each of the communicative skills of listening, reading and writing and a minimum score of 76 in speaking across the two sittings, and when using two test sittings no score in any of the communicative skills for either test sitting is below 66. TOEFL iBT Minimum total score of 94 24 for listening 24 for reading 24 for writing, and 23 for speaking a minimum total score of 94 is achieved in each sitting, and you achieve a minimum score of 24 for listening, 24 for reading, 24 for writing and 23 for speaking across the two sittings, and when using two test sittings no score in any of the test sitting sections is below: 20 for listening 19 for reading 24 for writing, and 20 for speaking. Please note the equivalencies in the table above differ from other comparison tables and this is specific to the mentioned degrees. IELTS Academic, includes IELTS Academic One Skill Retake. Primary language pathway* Alternatively, you may be eligible for a primary language pathway if: a) English is your primary language; and b) You have attended and satisfactorily completed at least six years of primary and secondary# education taught and assessed solely in English in a recognised country**. Notes *Primary language means the language primarily used for reading, writing, listening, and speaking and the language known best and most comfortable with. #Secondary Education means Australian school years 7 through 12, even where year 7 is classified as part of primary school in a particular state or territory. #Six years primary and secondary education means six years of Australian school years 1 through to 12 or the equivalent in a recognised country with two of the years between 7 and 12. Studies to be immediately prior to the intake at discretion of the University. **Recognised countries : Antigua and Barbuda, Anguilla, Australia, The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, British Indian Ocean Territory, Canada, Cayman Islands, Dominica, Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Grenada, Guernsey, Guyana, Isle of Man, Jamaica, Jersey, Malta, New Zealand, Republic of Ireland, Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, St Kitts and Nevis, St Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, United Kingdom, USA, and US Virgin Islands. Some other programs have non-standard English language proficiency requirements, please refer to the relevant program degree page for further information. Current Australian Nursing and Midwifery Board of Australia (NMBA) Registration Evidence of current registration with the Nursing and Midwifery Board of Australia (NMBA), showing registration with the NMBA to practice as an Enrolled Nurse (EN), Registered Nurse (RN) or Midwife, without any conditions, relative the specified entry requirements for the program they are applying for. Research degrees All research degree students must be proficient in English and meet the minimum English language requirements for their degree. Any applicant who is a citizen and holds a passport from one of the following countries: Australia, Canada (excluding Quebec), New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States of America is not required to demonstrate English language proficiency. Recent academic and/or professional experience Prior to date of application, the University will not require English Proficiency Test for any applicant who has satisfactorily completed study at a Bachelor degree level or above from one of the following countries: Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Botswana, Canada (excluding Quebec), Cook Islands, Fiji, Gambia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Guyana, Hong Kong, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Malaysia, Mauritius, New Zealand, Nigeria, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Republic of Ireland, Samoa, Seychelles, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Tanzania, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, Zambia, Zimbabwe for at least one of the last two years, or at least two within the last four years of full-time study. Applicants who do not meet the above criteria will be required to demonstrate English language proficiency in the form of a valid English test that has been taken within two years preceding the application. All programs except language rich disciplines require an overall IELTS band score of 6.5 overall, and a minimum of 6.0 in listening, reading, writing and speaking. Language rich disciplines such as Education, Language and Literature, Communication and Media Studies, and Philosophy and Religious Studies require an overall IELTS band score of 7.0 and a minimum of 6.5 in listening, reading, writing and speaking. Significant academic teaching experience in English, evaluated and approved case-by-case. Other significant professional experiences that demonstrate use of English and/or living in an English-speaking country and using English for an extended period of time - to be evaluated and approved case-by-case. The University only accepts the TOEFL iBT for Australia (0 - 120 score format) conducted at a registered test centre. As the University is reviewing the structural and scoring changes introduced to the TOEFL iBT test, the 1-6 test format score is not currently accepted. Further updates will be provided in due course. Browse research degrees ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top