Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search Entry pathways Home Study How to apply Entry pathways How to apply Show menu There's more than one way into a degree at Adelaide University There are so many ways you can enter a degree at Adelaide University. We've put together the following information to help you find the right pathway for you, based on your individual circumstances. Not sure where to start? Our friendly Future Student Enquiries team can help you find the right pathway into your dream degree. Make an enquiry Preparatory programs We're passionate about helping people from all backgrounds and life circumstances gain access to higher education. Regardless of your starting point, our preparatory programs are designed to help you gain entry to your preferred degree while building the skills you need to thrive in a university environment. You'll experience life as an Adelaide University student and have access to our wide range of support services. Foundation Studies This program supports students with no previous qualifications to learn the skills required for successful university-level study. It's designed for a range of students, including those who: may not have an ATAR are from regional or remote areas are first in their family to attend university may have spent extended periods of time away from formal education. Successfully completing Foundation Studies allows you to transfer into one of our undergraduate degrees. Explore Foundation Studies Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Pathway Adelaide University is committed to becoming a university of choice for Aboriginal Peoples. This program is open to all people who identify as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander who have never studied at university before. Delivered over one year of full-time study, you'll get a taste of university life and develop the skills you need for future study. On completion, you'll have the opportunity to transfer into your preferred Adelaide University degree. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Pathway UniStart Developed by expert academics with a strong history of fostering inclusive and accessible pathways to university, Adelaide University's 100% online UniStart offering is a six-month fee-free program designed to set you up for success. You'll explore the key pillars of successful university study, including writing assignments, using critical thinking to examine academic articles, utilising numeracy and problem solving, identifying credible sources of information and preparing oral presentations. Complete UniStart with a personalised study and career plan and gain the confidence to launch your study journey. Discover UniStart Foundation Studies and the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Pathway are administered by Adelaide University's Pathways College, who support students to enter university regardless of previous experience. Visit the Pathways College webpage to find out more about the work they do to strengthen access and widen participation in university study. Pathway options Selection rank (ATAR plus adjustment factors) If you've qualified for the South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE) or hold an equivalent recent year 12 qualification, including the International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB), and have achieved a competitive selection rank, you can use this as a pathway into university. Your Selection Rank (ATAR plus any applicable adjustment factors) will be used to compete for a place in a university degree. Please note some degrees take additional factors into account as well as or instead of your ATAR, such as auditions, the University Clinical Aptitude Test (UCAT), oral interviews, etc. For most of our undergraduate degrees, you must not have completed more than 2 years full-time equivalent university study (48 units) to use your Year 12 results. Guaranteed Entry We offer Guaranteed Entry for most undergraduate degrees, which gives you certainty when applying to study at Adelaide University. There's no need for a separate application - you're automatically considered when you list your preferred Adelaide University degree as your highest preference. You can be eligible for Guaranteed Entry using either your ATAR or your Year 12 subject results. If you don't achieve the ATAR or grades for Guaranteed Entry, you'll still be considered on a competitive basis for available places in your preferred degree. ATAR based You'll be eligible for an ATAR-based Guaranteed Entry place when you: • Achieve an ATAR (including adjustment factors) that is equal or higher to the Guaranteed Entry score • Meet any admissions criteria for your degree, for example a subject prerequisite. Subject based Did you achieve solid grades in Year 12, but didn't get the ATAR you were expecting? You'll be eligible for a Subject based Guaranteed Entry place when you: • Complete SACE (or equivalent) and have an ATAR of 50 or higher (not including adjustment factors) • Utilise your best three grades from 20-credit subjects • Meet any additional admissions criteria such as subject prerequisites. STAT (Skills for Tertiary Admissions Test) Never completed Year 12 or any other higher education? You may wish to use the Skills for Tertiary Admissions Test (STAT) to gain entry to university. The STAT is a two-hour multiple-choice test designed to assess a range of skills and knowledge needed to study at university. The Australian Council for Educational Research (ACER) coordinates the STAT. To sit the test, you'll need to be over 18 years old before 1 February in the year that you wish to commence study[, or 1 July for midyear entry]. If you have been enrolled [in university study] in the last two years, you must not have completed more than two years (full-time) tertiary study in total. For more information, visit the ACER website . Higher Education GPA (Grade Point Average) If you've already completed at least six months (full-time) of a recognised higher education degree at a recognised higher education institution, you can use your Grade Point Average (GPA) to gain entry to Adelaide University. Internal transfer Perhaps you gained entry to a degree that wasn't your first preference or, after completing a few courses, have changed your mind about what you'd like to study. You can use your GPA (or any eligible previous qualifications) to apply for what is called an internal transfer. This is an option available to students who may have already started studying in one degree and, for a range of different reasons, would like to transfer to another Adelaide University degree. Please note that not all degrees are available via internal transfer. If you're unsure, contact our friendly team for assistance. Vocational Education and Training (VET) studies (Certificate IV or higher) If you've completed a VET qualification at a Certificate IV level or higher, you can use this qualification to gain entry to many of our degrees. For students that have studied at either TAFE SA or other Registered Training Organisations (RTOs), most Certificate IV courses (including former Advanced Certificates or equivalent) meet the minimum entry requirements for a wide range of our undergraduate degrees. In some instances, a successfully completed Diploma or Advanced Diploma will be required to meet the minimum entry requirements. How to apply Scholarships ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top