Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search Scholarship International student scholarships Home Study Scholarships International scholarships Scholarships Show menu Launch your future with an Adelaide University international scholarship Adelaide University offers a range of scholarships of up to 50% for international students. Our prestigious scholarships provide financial support to help cover a percentage of tuition fees, with some also contributing towards relocation expenses and living costs. For most scholarships, you will be automatically assessed when applying for an eligible undergraduate or postgraduate degree, however some scholarships have additional application requirements, excluded programs and terms and conditions that must be met in order to be eligible. Adelaide Academic Excellence Scholarship (50%) A prestigious scholarship rewarding international students commencing undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degrees. Recipients are offered a 50% tuition fee reduction. There are limited places for those with a high distinction average. To apply, international students need to complete an application form. Find out more Adelaide Emerging Leaders Award (25%) An award supporting international students commencing undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degrees. Recipients are offered a 25% tuition fee reduction and the award is automatically assessed and granted to those with a distinction average. Find out more Adelaide Merit Scholarship (15%) A scholarship supporting international students commencing undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degrees. Recipients are offered a 15% tuition fee reduction and the scholarship is automatically assessed and awarded to those with a credit average. Find out more Adelaide Sibling Award (10%) An award supporting international students commencing undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degrees. Recipients are offered a 10% tuition fee reduction and the award is automatically assessed and granted to students who have a sibling that is either currently studying, or is an alumnus of, Adelaide University. Find out more Adelaide Global Alumni Scholarship (10%) A scholarship supporting international students who have previously studied at Adelaide University, the University of South Australia or the University of Adelaide and are commencing an undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degree. Recipients are offered a 10% tuition fee reduction and the scholarship is automatically assessed and awarded to eligible students. Find out more Adelaide Partner Award (10%) An award supporting international students commencing undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degrees. Recipients are offered a 10% tuition fee reduction and the award is automatically assessed and granted to students from an approved Adelaide University partner institution. Find out more To view the all scholarships at Adelaide University, including research scholarships, use our scholarships finder . ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top