Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search Non-tuition fees In addition to your tuition fees, you may incur incidental costs throughout your studies. Some fees may be specific to the degree you choose to study; others are common to all Adelaide University degrees. Fees are reviewed every 6 - 12 months and changes may occur as a result. Home Study How to apply Non-tuition fees How to apply Show menu Student services and library fees All Adelaide University students have access to beneficial services such as student services, library printing facilities and library laptop hire. Refer to the tables below for a comprehensive list of fees charged for each service. Student fees Expand all Academic Transcript and Australian Higher Education Graduation Statement (AHEGS) Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) Academic transcript and AHEGS (online) per copy $35.00 Academic transcript (online) per copy $23.00 AHEGS (online) per copy $23.00 Academic transcript and AHEGS (online and printed) per copy $60.00 Academic transcript (online and printed) printed and digital copy (ordered together) $45.00 Printing transcript per copy $30.00 Express printed transcript $30 plus $12 expenses $42.00 AHEGS (online and printed) printed and digital copy (ordered together) $45.00 Domestic express post express postage in Australia $10.00 International courier overseas by envelope $40.00 ID Card Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) New card Free Replacement card cost including GST $15.00 Express replacement card $39.00 Postage of ID cards domestic only $10.00 Parchment Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) Replacement parchment (online) $50.00 Replacement parchment (online and printed) includes postage $100.00 Postage to Australian address cost for Graduates who have not collected their original parchment $20.00 Courier to overseas address cost for Graduates who have not collected their original parchment $35.00 Student Services and Amenities Fee (SSAF) 2026 SSAF charges Program of study Definition Part-time SSAF charge Full-time SSAF charge Non-online award program Enrolled in an award program where mode is not 100% online; e.g. on campus $279 $373 Fully online award program Enrolled in an award program where mode = 100% online $139 $186.50 For more information about who is charged SSAF, visit the Student Services and Amenities Fee webpage . Graduation Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) Additional Graduation guest tickets for ceremonies Each ticket incurs a fee $17.50 Gown hire fee $50 Overseas Professional Registration Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) Students seeking documentation to support professional registration outside of Australia ($100 Admin fee, $25 Transcript) $125.00 Reinstatement of Enrolment fee Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) Reinstatement of Enrolment fee payable on application $250.00 Note: the Reinstatement of Enrolment fee does not apply to graduate research students. Application fee Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) International students International students only AUD$150 Note: Application fees will not be charged for research degrees, 100% online programs, and non-award programs, such as Study Abroad and Exchange or standalone English Language Centre programs. Printing (above quota) Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) Monochrome (Black/White) A4 single sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each course you enrol in for the year. $0.10 Monochrome (Black/White) A4 double (Duplex) sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each 4.5 course units you enrol in for the year. $0.13 Monochrome (Black/White) A3 single sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each 4.5 course units you enrol in for the year. $0.18 Monochrome (Black/White) A3 double (Duplex) sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each 4.5 course units you enrol in for the year. $0.26 Colour A4 single sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each 4.5 course units you enrol in for the year. $0.40 Colour A4 double (Duplex) sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each 4.5 course units you enrol in for the year. $0.65 Colour A3 single sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each 4.5 course units you enrol in for the year. $0.80 Colour A3 double (Duplex) sided Students will receive a university funded initial base allowance of $12 plus an additional $11 for each 4.5 course units you enrol in for the year. $1.20 Library fees Expand all Fines, fees and charges Item Details Approximate cost (AUD$) Overdue, damaged or lost laptop or iPad and accessories Adelaide University Library does not charge overdue fines for any items, however a replacement fee will be charged for substantial pieces of equipment. If you withhold, lose or damage a laptop, iPad or associated accessories you will be invoiced a replacement fee of up to $1,500. Up to maximum of $1,500. Program-specific costs Many Adelaide University programs may incur additional costs or fees for study materials, textbooks and specialist equipment. These costs will vary depending on your chosen degree and your level of study. Some items may be optional. You can view approximate costs for your chosen degree by downloading the Program-specific non-tuition fees list (PDF, 196KB). Download program-specific costs ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top