Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search Preparing to come to Australia Home Study International students Preparing to come to Australia International students Show menu Pre-departure checklist Moving to a new country and culture can be both exciting and daunting. That's why we've put together a step-by-step guide to help you prepare for your journey to Adelaide. Expand all Make sure you hold a valid visa For most international students, you will need a Student visa (subclass 500). If you don't already have a valid student visa, you will need to apply for and be granted one before travelling to Australia. Applying for a student visa If you applied through an Education Agent, they must lodge your visa application on your behalf. If you applied directly (without an Education Agent), you can lodge a complete application by referring to the Australian Government Department of Home Affairs visa application steps. Follow the steps listed carefully to ensure prompt assessment. Incomplete applications may lead to processing delays or even a visa refusal. Commencing students If you are a commencing student, we will email your Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) to you or your Education Agent after you accept your Offer of Admission to study with us. Once you have received your CoE, you (or your Education Agent) will be able to apply for your student visa. If you applied to the University through an Education Agent, they must lodge your visa application on your behalf. If you applied to the University directly (without an Education Agent) you will need to submit your CoE document to the Department of Home Affairs when you complete your student visa application. Visa processing times Please refer to the Department of Home Affairs visa processing times to ensure you have enough time to apply for your student visa and travel to Australia prior to your degree commencing. Check your passport requirements Your passport must be valid for the intended length of your study time in Australia. If it expires during your stay, you will need to have it extended through your country's embassy or consulate in Australia, or when you return home on holidays. It's also a good idea to make a copy of your passport and leave it with your emergency contact in case of an emergency. Ensure you have Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) As an international student studying in Australia, it is a condition of your student visa that you must maintain Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) for the duration of your visa. OSHC is a health insurance policy designed for international students in Australia and you are required to obtain this before your student visa can be issued. It provides coverage for medical expenses, hospitalisation, and other healthcare services during your stay in Australia. Your OSHC will begin once you arrive in Australia. Adelaide University can arrange OSHC for you, and anyone travelling with you, through our preferred provider. A quote for this will be provided in your Offer of Admission. If you prefer, you can choose to purchase cover through a third-party supplier instead. Whether you choose to purchase cover through Adelaide University or a third-party supplier, you must provide proof of your OSHC when you accept your offer via our Online Application System. Students with school-aged dependant children If you bring school-aged dependent children to Australia, they must be enrolled in school. You should be aware that school fees and other education-related costs may apply. Information about enrolling in a government school in South Australia is available from the South Australian Government's International Students - Dependants webpage . Prepare to travel to South Australia Expand all Ensure you arrive for orientation Orientation is an integral component of settling into your studies successfully and attendance is strongly encouraged. Orientation is compulsory to attend for students that are under 18 years of age. After your student visa has been granted by the Department of Home Affairs, please ensure that you book a plane ticket that will allow you to attend your orientation program. Orientation is the start of your journey at university. Explore your campus, meet other new students, connect with teaching staff and take part in fun activities. You will also receive support with enrolment, accommodation and adjusting to life in Adelaide. Orientation dates can be found in your Offer of Admission, or visit the Academic Calendar . To find out more, visit the University's orientation website. Organise travel insurance It's important you arrange travel insurance for your journey to Australia. Travel insurance will cover you for any potential issues (such as lost luggage) from the moment you leave your home country until you arrive in Australia. Exchange money Australia's national currency is the Australian Dollar (AUD$). Some international students prefer to exchange money for Australian dollars before arriving in Australia to use during their first few weeks. However, Australia is a largely cashless society now and most places accept travel money cards. Once you arrive, you will need to set up an Australian bank account. Visit the StudyAdelaide website to find out more about the cost of living in Adelaide. Find accommodation Adelaide has a variety of accommodation options to suit your budget and lifestyle. Explore the range of accommodation available and contact us if you need information or advice. Pack your luggage Clothing Adelaide has a Mediterranean climate with mild winters and hot, dry summers. Our pleasant spring and autumn seasons offer comfortable temperatures, so it is recommended you pack clothes to suit all weather conditions. There is no dress code at Australian universities. Most students wear casual clothes on campus; for example, jeans, t-shirts, shirts, sweaters, and sneakers. However, you may also want to pack some more formal clothes and any traditional cultural clothing for special events. Medications If you take medication for an illness or condition, it's recommended you bring an adequate supply with you, as it may not be readily available or might be more expensive in Australia. Ensure you have a certificate from your doctor (in English) stating that the medication has been prescribed to you. Check with immigration authorities, as you must declare any drugs or medicines you bring into Australia. Printed copies of important documents When travelling to Australia, we recommend bringing printed copies of the following documents. Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) Visa grant notice Offer of Admission Academic transcripts from previous study Identification documents such as a drivers license (if you plan to drive in South Australia) and a bank card (to help you open a bank account when you arrive) Character reference written in English from a teacher or other official to help you apply for accommodation Medical records that relate to any illness, conditions or prescriptions for medicines. Electronics It's also a good idea to pack a travel adaptor that is suitable for Australian power points , to charge any electronic devices. Unsure what you're allowed to bring? Australia has strict border controls so you need to be aware of what you can and cannot bring into Australia. Visit the Australian Border Force website to learn about what you can bring and what you will need to declare to authorities. Your rights as a student Understand your rights Adelaide and South Australia Explore South Australia Campuses Discover our campuses ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top