Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search International sponsored students Home Study International students International sponsored students International students Show menu Adelaide University welcomes international students who are supported by a diverse range of international sponsors from around the world. Our dedicated support services ensure that sponsored students receive guidance throughout their study journey - from application through to graduation. Adelaide University values the global perspectives that sponsored students bring to our diverse campus communities. Located in Adelaide, one of the world's most liveable cities, the University offers high-quality education, strong academic programs, dedicated support services, and a welcoming environment that enables students to thrive academically and personally. If you are an international sponsor interested in collaborating with Adelaide University, please view our sponsor information page . How it works Expand all What is a sponsored student? A sponsored student is an international student whose tuition fees and/or living expenses are funded by a government, employer, scholarship provider, or other international scholarship organisation. Sponsors may cover all or part of a student's costs, such as tuition, medical insurance and other costs, depending on the sponsorship agreement. Common sponsors include: National governments International scholarship programs Employers or organisations Industry or university partners The University has established sponsorship arrangements with organisations and governments across the world, including Africa and the Middle East, Latin America and the Caribbean, Northeast Asia, Southeast Asia, Southern and Central Asia and the Pacific. A list of recognised international sponsors from which Adelaide University accepts students can be found below. Adelaide University also welcomes applications and enquiries from students sponsored by organisations not included on this list. Application requirements and financial guarantees To study as a sponsored student, you will typically need to provide a financial guarantee letter from your sponsor when applying to the University. The financial guarantee should include: Your full name Program of study Sponsorship period Details of costs covered (tuition fees, stipend, medical insurance etc.) Sponsor contact information Once approved, the University can invoice the sponsor directly for the costs covered under the sponsorship agreement. In addition to a financial guarantee, all international students are required by the Australian Government to purchase approved Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) for the duration of their studies in Australia. This must be paid before the students' Confirmation of Enrolment can be issued. Support for international sponsored students The University provides specialised support through the International Sponsored Student team (ISS) and International Development team (ID), who work closely with students and sponsors to ensure a smooth academic journey. Support services include: Liaison between students, sponsors and the University Support and assistance with enrolment, finance and administrative requirements Guidance on sponsorship conditions Support for academic progress and reporting Dedicated calendar of sponsored and international student events and excursions Advice and support for sponsored students that are eligible for fee waivers for their children's education and childcare All students at Adelaide University also have access to a variety of free student support services and events, including accommodation services, student clubs, cultural events and activities, academic support, and wellbeing services. Recognised international sponsors Expand all Africa and the Middle East Abu Dhabi Department of Education and Knowledge (ADEK) - United Arab Emirates ADEK provides scholarships, including the Khotwa (RizeUp) Scholarship Program , for outstanding Emirati students to pursue undergraduate studies at leading global universities and contribute to Abu Dhabi's knowledge-based economy. AFAQ for Leadership Development - United Arab Emirates AFAQ for Leadership Development is a leadership development consultancy in the UAE that works closely with organisations (including public sector and government ministries) to optimise the capability of senior leaders, managers and teams. Australia Awards - Australia The Australia Awards Scholarships program provides opportunities for students from a wide range of countries in the Indo-Pacific region and Africa to pursue undergraduate or postgraduate study in Australia. For more information on Australia Awards Scholarships for African students, please visit the Australia Awards Africa website . Consulate General of the Arab Republic of Egypt - Egypt The Consulate administers a variety of scholarships for Egyptian citizens in Australia, with students primarily undertaking PhD postgraduate research programs. Higher Committee for Education Development (HCED) in Iraq - Iraq HCED is an affiliate of the Iraqi office of the Prime Minister and aims to send students abroad to pursue higher education studies at prestigious international universities in disciplines that meet the country's strategic needs and development of human and institutional resources. Government of Lesotho NMDS - Lesotho The Government of Lesotho provides reimbursable loan bursaries for higher education as part of the National Manpower Development Secretariat (NMDS). Kuwait Cultural Office (KCO) - Kuwait The KCO acts as a liaison point between Australian institutions and the Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE) in Kuwait, which sets out the number of government-sponsored students in Australian universities and nominated majors. Adelaide University works closely with KCO in the administration of scholarships for students studying at the University. Ministry of Education - United Arab Emirates The UAE Ministry of Education provides scholarship opportunities for students to study in the most prestigious universities around the world, including scholarships in collaboration with other Ministries. In Australia, these scholarships are managed through the Education and Technology Sciences Attaché Office in Canberra. Ministry of Education and Skills Development - Botswana The Ministry of Education and Skills Development in Botswana oversees government sponsorship, including scholarships and bursaries for tertiary education overseas. In Australia, these scholarships are managed through the High Commission of Botswana. Ministry of Higher Education, Research & Innovation (MOHERI) - Oman The Sultanate of Oman and MOHERI sponsors Omani citizens to undertake study in areas relevant to the Sultanate's key job market needs, with these scholarships being managed in Australia by the Consulate General of Oman. This scholarship program aims to produce graduates who have technical competence and knowledge in core disciplines, as well as skills sought by employers. Ministry of National Education (MoNE) - Turkey The primary MoNE scholarship program available is often referred to as MEB YLSY (Yurtdış Lisansüstü Öğrenim Bursu) and aims to send students abroad for master's and PhD programs. Afterwards, students are often required to serve at Turkish universities to address faculty shortages. Saudi Arabian Cultural Mission (SACM) - Saudi Arabia SACM, affiliate to the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Australia, is an executive tool facilitating implementation of the King Abdullah Scholarship Program and other scholarship programs run by Saudi ministries, universities and corporations. Saudi Aramco - Saudi Arabia Adelaide University partners with Saudi Aramco to accept students from the College Degree Program. Saudi Aramco students complete the Aramco College Preparation Program and study at the world's top universities in their respective disciplines before returning to take up positions with the company. Latin America and The Caribbean ANID National Agency for Research and Development - Chile ANID is a government agency that administers and executes postgraduate scholarships to promote, encourage and develop research, technological development and scientific-technological innovation in Chile. BECAL - Paraguay The Programa Nacional de Becas en el Exterior 'Don Carlos Antonio Lopez' (BECAL) is a national scholarship program for academic excellence from the Paraguayan Government for university graduates to carry out postgraduate studies abroad. COLFUTURO - Colombia COLFUTURO is a financial support initiative for Colombian professionals who wish to broaden their career development by pursuing master's by coursework and research or doctoral research higher degree studies at the top global 100 universities to build on human capital for the future of Colombia. FUNED - Mexico FUNED (Fundación Mexicana para la Educación, la Tecnología y la Ciencia) is a not-for-profit organisation that provides financial support to high-achieving Mexican students who want to study a master's degree abroad at the best universities in the world. PRONABEC - Peru PRONABEC is Peru's national scholarship and educational loan program, funding high-achieving Peruvian students to undertake postgraduate studies overseas. Northeast Asia Australia Awards - Australia The Australia Awards Scholarships program provides opportunities for students from a wide range of countries in the Indo-Pacific region and Africa to pursue undergraduate or postgraduate study in Australia, including Australia Awards Mongolia . For more information on participating countries, please visit the Australia Awards website . China Scholarship Council - China The China Scholarship Council and Adelaide University jointly offer postgraduate research scholarships to applicants from the People's Republic of China who intend to undertake a Doctor of Philosophy at the University. Vocational and Training Council (VTC ) - Hong Kong SAR VTC is the largest vocational and professional education and training provider in Hong Kong SAR, and offers scholarships, such as the VTC Hong Kong Jockey Club Scholarship, for VTC Higher Diploma graduates to pursue further studies at undergraduate level at overseas institutions. Southeast Asia Australia Awards - Australia The Australia Awards Scholarships program provides opportunities for students from a wide range of countries in the Indo-Pacific region and Africa to pursue undergraduate or postgraduate study in Australia, including countries in southeast Asia. For more information on participating countries, please visit the Australia Awards website . Defence Cooperation Scholarship Program (DCSP) - Australia The Australian Government's Department of Defence is committed to a safe and secure region and supports this objective through a range of education and training opportunities, including funding scholars from countries in Asia and the Pacific to undertake a postgraduate coursework program at an Australian university. High Commission of Brunei Darussalam - Brunei Darussalam The Brunei Government offers scholarships to citizens of Brunei Darussalam to pursue undergraduate and postgraduate studies in Australia. Indonesia Endowment Fund for Education (IEFFE/LPDP) - Indonesia The IEFFE/LPDP is a postgraduate scholarship program funded by the Indonesian government through the Ministry of Finance that provides financial support to Indonesian citizens who want to pursue higher education in selected priority areas at top universities around the world. The scholarship program aims to prepare Indonesia's future leaders and focuses on developing quality human resources in different fields to accelerate the country's development. Jabatan Perkhidmatan Awam (JPA) - Malaysia JPA is the Public Service Department under the Malaysian government, which offers prestigious, fully funded scholarships for outstanding Malaysian students pursuing pre-university, undergraduate, or postgraduate studies locally or abroad. LPDP-Australia Awards (LPDP-AA) Scholarships - Australia and Indonesia LPDP-AA scholarships are offered for Indonesian scholars under a collaboration between the Australian and Indonesian governments, with a key focus on students studying master's degrees in priority study areas. Majlis Amanah Rakyat (MARA) - Malaysia MARA provides scholarships and loans to outstanding Malaysian citizens to support their undergraduate and postgraduate studies (master's and Doctor of Philosophy programs) at leading higher education institutions in fields that have a significant impact on Malaysia's employment needs. Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology (MOHEST) - Indonesia MOHEST offers prestigious scholarships under the Beasiswa Garuda Scholarship program with full funding for talented students, focusing on applicants from disadvantaged backgrounds, to study STEM degrees through top-tier programs around the world. Project 89 (Ministry of Education and Training) - Vietnam Sponsored by the Ministry of Education and Training, Project 89 is a comprehensive training scheme aimed at strengthening the skills of academic and administrative staff at higher education institutions through PhD scholarship programs between Vietnamese universities and international institutions. Scholarships are jointly funded by Adelaide University and the Vietnamese Government. Royal Thai Embassy - Australia and Thailand The Office of Educational Affairs in the Royal Thai Embassy in Australia undertakes functions associated with the administration of Thai government scholarships and King's scholarships. Government scholarships are allocated from the national budget for education and training to acquire knowledge and ability in fields of study that are in demand. Southern and Central Asia Australia Awards - Australia The Australia Awards Scholarships program provides opportunities for students from a wide range of countries in the Indo-Pacific region and Africa to pursue undergraduate or postgraduate study in Australia, including countries in southern and central Asia. For more information on participating countries, please visit the Australia Awards website . Bolashak International Scholarship - Kazakhstan The Bolashak International Scholarship aims to train personnel and specialists in priority areas of Kazakhstan's economy. The program includes academic training (master's and doctoral) as well as research and production internships in leading companies and universities around the world. Commissionerate of College Education, Rajasthan Government - India The Commissionerate of College Education under the Rajasthan Government introduced the Rajiv Gandhi Scholarship for Academic Excellence with the objective of granting students from the economically disadvantaged community in the state an opportunity to pursue higher education abroad. Defence Cooperation Scholarship Program (DCSP) - Australia The Australian Government's Department of Defence is committed to a safe and secure region and supports this objective through a range of education and training opportunities, including funding scholars from countries in Asia and the Pacific to undertake a postgraduate coursework program at an Australian university. El-Yurt Umidi Foundation - Uzbekistan The El-Yurt Umidi Foundation aims to finance scholarships for young Uzbek students to enroll in master's and doctoral programs at prestigious foreign universities, with a focus on STEM and critical economic priority areas. Ministry of Education, Higher Education and Vocational Education (MOHE) - Sri Lanka MOHE offers multiple scholarship programs for Sri Lankan citizens, including the prestigious Advanced Level Achievers scholarship which allows applicants to pursue a bachelor's level degree at internationally ranked universities abroad. Ministry of Higher Education - Maldives The Ministry of Higher Education, Maldives offers scholarship opportunities relevant to the Maldives' labour market and national needs. Ministry of Social Justice & Empowerment - India India's Ministry of Social Justice & Empowerment offers scholarships that provide citizens with higher education opportunities abroad to enhance their employability. In Australia, these scholarships are managed through the Consulate General. The Pacific Australia Awards - Australia The Australia Awards Scholarships program provides opportunities for students from a wide range of countries in the Indo-Pacific region and Africa to pursue undergraduate or postgraduate study in Australia, including countries in the Pacific region. For more information on participating countries, please visit the Australia Awards website . Defence Cooperation Scholarship Program (DCSP) - Australia The Australian Government's Department of Defence is committed to a safe and secure region and supports this objective through a range of education and training opportunities, including funding scholars from countries in the Pacific to undertake a postgraduate coursework program at an Australian university. Ministry of Education and Human Resources Development (MEHRD) - Solomon Islands Scholarships are available for Solomon Island citizens via the Solomon Islands Tertiary Education and Skills Authority for all study levels in the priority areas identified in the 2025 National Education Training Plan. Ministry of Education and Training - Vanuatu The Government of the Republic of Vanuatu provides scholarships for university education through the Ministry of Education and Training, with students being offered scholarships to study overseas degrees that match priority areas of Vanuatu's development goals Why Study at Adelaide University? Adelaide University has 400+ available degrees across in-demand study areas, with students choosing Adelaide University for its: Globally recognised degrees across engineering, business, health, science, and humanities. Research excellence with high-level impact on real world issues. Industry partnerships and collaboration, with a focus on work-integrated and practical learning opportunities. Supportive international student community and welcoming multicultural environment. Location in Adelaide, which is one of Australia's most affordable and student-friendly cities. Adelaide University is committed to helping sponsored students succeed academically while gaining valuable international experience. View the available study areas at Adelaide University Student enquiries ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top