Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Home Menu Search Adelaide University Search Back to main menu Study Study Back to Study Study Study areas Study options 100% online study 100% online study How to apply How you'll learn Support services Your 100% online journey Scholarships How to apply How to apply Entry pathways Apply for a research degree Global learning Global learning Semester exchange Short-term programs Study abroad and exchange International students International students How to apply Entry requirements Find an Education Agent Pathway providers English Language Centre Short courses Short courses For individuals For organisations University Senior College Enquire Enquire FAQs Contact us An Adelaide University degree will launch you into your future. Our degrees are contemporary, accessible and future-focused. Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Back to Life at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide and South Australia Adelaide City South Australia Mount Gambier Whyalla Campuses Campuses Adelaide City Campus Magill Campus Mawson Lakes Campus Mount Gambier Campus Roseworthy Campus Waite Campus Whyalla Campus Accommodation Accommodation Student accommodation Other accommodation Accommodation support and services Student life Campus services Campus services Parking on campus Security Venue hire Childcare Discover Adelaide - a place for curious minds and one of Australia's most liveable cities. Research Research Back to Research Research Our research Research Institutes, Centres and Concentrations Research facilities Partnered research Research degree opportunities Research degree opportunities Find a research project Find a supervisor Research scholarships Graduate Research School A global powerhouse of research excellence, Adelaide University is advancing future-defining research to transform our economy. Partners & community Partners & community Back to Partners & community Partners & community Partnerships Partnerships Engagement with schools Partner with Adelaide University Information for Agency Partners Global partnerships Community partnerships and sponsorships Alumni Giving Giving Support community Support research Support students Volunteer Museums and galleries Clinics and facilities Accelerating knowledge sharing and collaboration, Adelaide University is forging pioneering partnerships to shape society. About About Back to About About Governance Organisational structure First Nations Sustainability Colleges and schools Colleges and schools College of Business and Law College of Creative Arts, Design and Humanities College of Education, Behavioural and Social Sciences College of Engineering and Information Technology College of Health College of Science Policies Publications News Events FAQs Support Staff directory Working with us Making transformative impact in our world - and yours. Adelaide University is delivering nation-leading curriculum and exceptional student experience. Library Current students Staff Portal Giving Contact us Compare degrees Search Scholarships Adelaide Academic Excellence Scholarship (50%) Home Study Scholarships Study Duration Standard full-time duration of the recipient's undergraduate or postgraduate Coursework Program Residency International Student What best describes me New student Level of study Undergraduate, Postgraduate Type of scholarship High achiever/academic The Adelaide Academic Excellence Scholarship offers a 50% tuition fee reduction and is a prestigious, highly competitive award with limited places for students with a high distinction average. This scholarship recognises international students commencing undergraduate or postgraduate coursework degrees who have achieved outstanding academic performance in their previous studies. Eligibility To be eligible for this scholarship you must: be an international student be applying to study a CRICOS registered bachelor degree (minimum 96 units / 2 years equivalent) after the application of any credit/RPL, or a CRICOS registered master degree (minimum 72 units / 1.5 years equivalent) after the application of any credit/RPL, at Adelaide University; satisfy one of the following in the qualification used as the basis of admission to the Adelaide University degree: Undergraduate only: applicants with a minimum ATAR of 99 (or international equivalent). Undergraduate and postgraduate: applicants with a minimum overall Grade Point Average (GPA) of 6.7 (on a 7.0 scale) or comparable score. not be applying to study one of the Excluded Programs (see below); not be an Australia Awards recipient; and not be an International Sponsored Student entitled to a tuition fee waiver equal to or greater than the scholarship value, in which case the fee waiver amount will apply. Note: a student cannot receive both a scholarship and a sponsor tuition fee waiver concurrently. Selection criteria Your application will be assessed by a selection panel and based on merit. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis with scholarship offers made throughout the recruitment cycle, until all allocations have been exhausted. Successful recipients will be notified prior to commencement at Adelaide University and the scholarship will be applied to your Offer of Admission. Important information Minimum Grade Point Average (GPA) to maintain: The scholarship recipient must maintain a minimum Program Term GPA of 5.5 on a 7.0 scale ("Minimum GPA") in academic progress carried out each compulsory Study Period to ensure the scholarship recipient continues to meet the conditions of the scholarship. The scholarship may be suspended if the recipient's GPA falls below the Minimum GPA. If a recipient's overall GPA falls below the Minimum GPA, the scholarship will not be applied to the next invoice. If a recipient's GPA returns to the Minimum GPA or above, the scholarship will recommence and will be applied to the next invoice. Get the support you need to succeed at Adelaide University Studying at university can be challenging, but you don't have to do it alone. The Student Academic Learning Support team offers a range of free academic support services How to apply Applications open from Monday 24 August 2026 Scholarships. Scholarships are limited. To apply, complete the appropriate application form below and follow the provided instructions. Adelaide Academic Excellence Scholarship Application Form Adelaide Academic Excellence Scholarship Application Form - for SATAC applicants Excluded programs If your program is listed below, you will not be eligible for the scholarship. Expand all Undergraduate Bachelor of Dental Surgery Bachelor of Medical Radiation Science (Honours) majoring in Medical Imaging Bachelor of Medical Radiation Science (Honours) majoring in Nuclear Medicine Bachelor of Medical Radiation Science (Honours) majoring in Radiation Therapy Bachelor of Medical Studies Bachelor of Midwifery Bachelor of Occupational Therapy (Honours) Bachelor of Physiotherapy (Honours) Bachelor of Podiatry (Honours) Bachelor of Science (Veterinary Bioscience) Bachelor of Speech Pathology (Honours) Postgraduate Doctor of Clinical Dentistry Doctor of Medicine Doctor of Veterinary Medicine Global Executive Master of Business Administration (Defence and Space) Master of Advanced Clinical Physiotherapy (Musculoskeletal) Master of Advanced Clinical Physiotherapy (Sports) Master of Business Administration Master of Business Administration specialising in Human Resource Management Master of Business Administration specialising in Finance Master of Business Administration specialising in Marketing Master of Business Administration specialising in Sustainable Futures Master of Counselling and Psychotherapy Master of Midwifery (Graduate Entry) Master of Nursing (Graduate Entry) Master of Occupational Therapy (Graduate Entry) Master of Physiotherapy (Graduate Entry) Master of Psychology (Clinical) Master of Psychology (Health) Master of Psychology (Organisational and Human Factors) Contact us Make an enquiry We're here to help. Get in touch with us today. Enquire online Give us a call From within Australia 08 7420 5115 From outside Australia +61 8 7420 5115 ‎ Study at Adelaide Life at Adelaide Research About How to apply Campuses Partners and community Support Frequently asked questions International students Alumni Staff directory Scholarships Accommodation News Contact us Tirkangkaku - Place of Learning Australian University Provider Number PRV14404 | CRICOS Provider Number 04249J Adelaide University respectfully acknowledges the Kaurna, Boandik and Barngarla First Nations Peoples and their Elders past and present, who are the First Nations' Traditional Owners of the lands that are home to our campuses located in Adelaide, Magill, Mawson Lakes, Waite, Roseworthy, Mount Gambier and Whyalla. Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Accessibility This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, serve you personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. See our privacy notification for further details. To adjust your cookie settings, click 'More information'. By clicking 'Accept and continue', you consent to our use of cookies. Accept and continue More information Adjust your settings Essential cookies Preserves the visitor's session state across multiple page requests. These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. Analytical cookies Used to send data through services such as Adobe Experience Platform and our advertising platform about a user's device and behaviour. Tracks the user across devices and marketing channels. Update my cookie preferences Cancel View Adelaide Uni's Privacy Policy Back to top