Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply International Applicants Forms and Documents Guide Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply International Applicants Forms and Documents Guide Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search NYU Admissions Undergraduate Admissions How to Apply International Applicants Resources for International Applicants Navigate the application process for international students at NYU. Discover requirements, deadlines, and support services. Jump to Campus Requirements Application Information Eligibility How to Apply Application Deadlines and Timing Financing Your Education Student Visas Enrollment Start Dates Campus Requirements NYU's New York campus is home to students from over 130 countries. All applicants, regardless of citizenship, are held to the same admissions standards and follow the same general process. However, international applicants should review the information below carefully if: You are a non-U.S. citizen applying to the New York City campus; or You are a U.S. citizen applying from a high school outside the U.S. If you're applying to NYU Abu Dhabi or NYU Shanghai, refer to their specific guidelines: All applicants to NYU Abu Dhabi Chinese citizens applying to NYU Shanghai All other applicants to NYU Shanghai Student Visa & Immigration Information Application Information Eligibility First-Year Applicants You are eligible to apply as a first-year student if you will complete your country's pre-university education (equivalent to U.S. 12th grade) before enrolling at NYU. You may also qualify if: You are completing an internationally-recognized equivalent, such as the IB Diploma; or You are applying from countries with school leaving qualifications based on the British educational model, and will have completed the A-level equivalent (neither O-levels nor (I)GCSE results will be sufficient for admission); or You are currently enrolled in a foundation year program outside of the United States and have completed secondary school graduation requirements from your country as outlined in the International Qualifications Tool ; or Your highest degree earned by the time you plan to enroll at NYU is either a certificate or diploma. Transfer Applicants You must meet the high school requirements above and have one of the following: Enrollment as a degree-seeking* student at a regionally accredited U.S. college/university Enrollment as a degree-seeking student at a nationally recognized college/university outside the U.S. Enrollment in a non-degree U.S. program with at least 24 semester credits completed by enrollment *A non-degree seeking student, sometimes referred to outside of the United States as a non-award/non-study student, refers to a student who is taking a course at a host university, but does not have the right to earn a degree at the host university (but credits could be earned which are transferrable). How to Apply All applicants, domestic or international, use the Common Application. Use your legal name as it appears on your passport or birth certificate. For step-by-step guidance: First-Year Application Guide Transfer Application Guide For help understanding forms and documents required by the Common Application, check out our Forms and Documents Guide . Application Deadlines and Timing Application deadlines can be found in our first-year and transfer guides. If your academic calendar runs from February/March to November/December: You can begin the application process in the August leading up to your high school graduation. If you are applying for Early Decision I (deadline November 1), you will be applying at the very end of your final year in high school. NYU's Early Decision II deadline (January 1) and Regular Decision deadline (January 5) will be shortly after you've graduated from high school. As your school may be closed for break, you should begin the process before graduating. You will be applying for the fall semester. This means that if you are admitted, you would have to take at least one semester off school before beginning your studies. You would not be able to apply to begin the semester immediately after you graduate from school. Submit all materials - including academic records, test scores, and recommendations - by the deadline. If official exam results are not available, your school may submit predicted scores. Official results must follow once released. Late materials may still be considered, but decisions may be made without them. Financing Your Education Need-based scholarships are available to non-U.S. citizens or permanent residents applying as first-year students. Submit the CSS Profile by the deadline for consideration. Transfer students and those pursuing a second bachelor's degree are not eligible for NYU institutional aid. Review these Financial Aid Basics for more information. Admitted students must submit a certification of finances showing proof of funding for four years of study. Depending on your status, here are some things to plan for: Fill out the NYU Application for Certificate of Eligibility (AFCOE) online after you're admitted to the university and pay your enrollment deposit. Submit supporting documents, as well. This must be done before you're issued a student visa (Form I-20) or exchange visitor visa (Form DS-2019). If you plan to use savings, parental support, outside private or government scholarships, or any combination of these to finance your studies, you'll need to send official letters or similar certificates as proof of such support. Include your name and date of birth on each document. If you're in the U.S. at the time of your admission, you'll need to submit a copy of your I-94 card. Students who hold a F-1 or J-1 student visa are generally not allowed to work in the U.S. to help pay for their education and are required to pursue a full-time course load each semester. Student Visas You do not need to submit financial certification or begin the visa process until after admission. Admitted students are eligible for F-1 or J-1 visa sponsorship. Review the student visa and immigration process and contact the Office of Global Services with questions. Enrollment Start Dates Most students begin in September (fall semester). A small number of first-year students may be selected to start in January (spring semester), but students cannot apply for a spring start. Some NYU programs allow spring enrollment for transfer students. Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus