Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply First-Year Applicants Early Decision High/Secondary School Preparation Advanced Credits Additional Program Requirements for First Year Applicants STARS for First-Year Applicants Opportunity Programs Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply First-Year Applicants Early Decision High/Secondary School Preparation Advanced Credits Additional Program Requirements for First Year Applicants STARS for First-Year Applicants Opportunity Programs Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search NYU Admissions Undergraduate Admissions How to Apply First-Year Applicants First-Year Applicants NYU Undergraduate Admissions: Resources for First-Year Applicants Jump to Your Guide to Applying Step 1: Start and Complete the Common Application Online Step 2: Gather and Submit Necessary Documents When should I apply? Sending Documents Let's Connect! Stay in Touch! Join our mailing list and stay connected to everything NYU. Learn More Your Guide to Applying On this page you'll find step-by-step application instructions on applying to all three of NYU's degree-granting campuses in New York, Abu Dhabi, and Shanghai. If one of the following applies to you, follow the instructions below to apply as a first-year student: Currently in high school, even if taking college courses. Participating in a dual-enrollment program, even if you're earning enough credits for an associate's degree. (Dual-enrollment means that you are in high school and also in a college-level program.) Graduated with a GED or high school diploma equivalency test and have not enrolled in a degree-seeking program. Step 1: Start and Complete the Common Application Online The Common Application is required for students applying to any or all of NYU's three degree-granting campuses in New York, Abu Dhabi, or Shanghai. You'll be able to choose your campus(es) and program(s) of interest on the NYU-specific page of the Common Application. You'll need: A personal email address that you check regularly. Please do not use a school email address as you may miss important information about your application and admissions decision. Contact information for the counselor or other school representative who will complete your Common Application School Report, where they are able to submit your high school transcript and optional letter of recommendation. Contact information for one person (or, optionally, up to three maximum) who will complete a letter of recommendation. NYU requires one letter of recommendation from a teacher, counselor, coach, supervisor, or anyone else in a position of authority. If your recommender is unable to submit their letter through the Common Application, they can email it directly to admissions.docs@nyu.edu . Please have them include either your date of birth or Common App ID. Nonrefundable $85.00 application fee. Students who are unable to pay the application fee can request a fee waiver . Are you ready? Start the application now. Step 2: Gather and Submit Necessary Documents Depending on your educational background and the program you are applying to, you will need to provide the following: Standardized test scores (see NYU's standardized testing requirements ). Standardized testing is optional for the upcoming application term. A Self-reported Transcript and Academic Record System (STARS). All applicants will be invited to complete this after submitting their application. An audition or portfolio for specific artistic programs in the Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development and Tisch School of the Arts. For applicants to these programs, testing is optional and a required audition or portfolio can be submitted in place of standardized testing: Steinhardt requires an audition or portfolio for all applicants to the Music Department and a portfolio for those applying to Studio Art. Tisch requires an audition or portfolio for applicants to all programs. For programs that require an audition or portfolio, we strongly recommend you submit your application one month in advance to ensure ample time to prepare your audition or portfolio. English language testing if you have not completed at least 3 years of study where English is the sole language of instruction at the time of application submission and English is not your first language. Records of all college work that you have received academic credit for and does not appear on your high school transcript. The Common Application Mid Year Report with updated academic record if mid-year grades are available. This should show your first semester senior year grades. When should I apply? Follow the key dates and deadlines below. Learn more about early decision . For programs that require an audition or portfolio, we strongly recommend you submit your Common Application one month in advance to ensure ample time to prepare your audition or portfolio. Notification Plan Application Deadline* Decision Early Decision I November 1 December 15 Early Decision II January 1 February 15 Regular Decision January 5 April 1 *The cut-off time for applications is 11:59 pm in your local time zone. Check your application status Sending Documents NYU will accept official or unofficial transcripts and test scores for the purposes of our application review process. Students can send unofficial documents by email to admissions.docs@nyu.edu or upload them through their applicant portal, which they will gain access to after submitting the Common App. Include an official English translation if the document isn't in English. A school official or a translation agency accredited in the country of the educational institution can issue the translation. NYU will only make exceptions for documents in Mandarin Chinese submitted to NYU Shanghai. Documents not submitted through the Common Application can be mailed to: New York University Office of Undergraduate Admissions 400 Lafayette Street 4th Floor New York, NY 10003 USA Or sent via email to: admissions.docs@nyu.edu Remember to use your name exactly as it appears on your passport or birth certificate on your application and supporting documents. Homeschooled applicants Homeschooled applicants Completed or are completing a homeschool curriculum? See your admissions requirements. International applicants International applicants Applying from outside the U.S. or need English proficiency testing? See your admissions requirements. Apply Start your application today. Start your Application Let's Connect! Address 27 W 4th St New York, NY 10012 USA Phone +1-212-998-4500 Email admissions@nyu.edu Join Our Mailing List! Request Information Follow Us facebook x instagram youtube Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus