Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply First-Year Applicants Early Decision High/Secondary School Preparation Advanced Credits Additional Program Requirements for First Year Applicants STARS for First-Year Applicants Opportunity Programs Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply First-Year Applicants Early Decision High/Secondary School Preparation Advanced Credits Additional Program Requirements for First Year Applicants STARS for First-Year Applicants Opportunity Programs Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search NYU Admissions Undergraduate Admissions How to Apply First-Year Applicants High/Secondary School Preparation High/Secondary School Preparation Jump to To succeed at NYU, what should I have taken in high school? Apply Now Additional Program Requirements International First Year Applicants Let's Connect! Since NYU is recognized throughout the world, our applicants - first-year and transfer alike - come from a variety of secondary school experiences. With that said, everyone is measured against the same admissions criteria. To succeed at NYU, what should I have taken in high school? We find students are best prepared for NYU if they've studied the following subjects: English/Writing - 4 years History/Social Studies - 3 to 4 years Mathematics - 3 to 4 years Laboratory Sciences - 3 to 4 years Foreign Language - 3 to 4 years Note: Our top applicants have taken demanding coursework in the above subjects for four years, however, we understand that not all students have options for choosing coursework depending on the type of school they are in. We will not hold students at a disadvantage if they do not meet these requirements if they did not have the option to do so. Apply Now Start the Common Application. Learn More Additional Program Requirements If you are applying to the Stern School of Business or the Tandon School of Engineering, please note the following: International Baccalaureate: You are encouraged to take either the higher or standard level of Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches or Higher Level Mathematics: Applications and Interpretation. A-Levels: Students applying to the Stern School of Business or to Computer Science or Engineering majors are encouraged to take A-Level Mathematics. Applicants to the Tandon School of Engineering should have Physics, Chemistry, and Calculus (or at least Precalculus) on their transcript. - Applicants to the Stern School of Business should have Calculus or, at least, Precalculus on their transcript. Applications to the Meyers School of Nursing should have chemistry on their transcript. International First Year Applicants While admissions criteria and standards are the same for all applicants regardless of citizenship, we recommend all international students use our International Qualifications Tool during the admissions process to identify country-specific information and testing options. Apply Start your application today. Start your Application Let's Connect! Address 27 W 4th St New York, NY 10012 USA Phone +1-212-998-4500 Email admissions@nyu.edu Join Our Mailing List! Request Information Follow Us facebook x instagram youtube Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus