Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply Standardized Tests English Language Testing International Qualifications Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply Standardized Tests English Language Testing International Qualifications Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search NYU Admissions Undergraduate Admissions How to Apply Standardized Tests Standardized Tests Explore NYU's standardized testing requirements for undergraduate admissions. Learn about accepted tests, exemptions, and their role in the application process. Standardized Testing Policy NYU will continue to remain test-optional through the 2027-2028 application cycle. For students who elect to submit testing as part of their application, NYU has one of the most flexible testing policies of any college or university. When completing the Common App, you will be able to select whether you wish to submit standardized testing, and if so, which form of testing you plan to submit. If you choose to submit standardized testing, you can only submit one form of testing. We will review the form of testing that you indicated you would like us to consider on your application. Applicants are welcome to self-report unofficial test scores for application review through their Applicant Portal, which they will get access to after submitting their Common Application. If an applicant is admitted and chooses to enroll, they will have to send official test scores. NYU considers the validity of application material and documentation to be of the utmost priority, please see our Application Authenticity policy here . If you choose to submit testing with your application, you can submit one of the following: SAT Must be taken within 5 years of the date of application. The exam should be completed before NYU's application deadline. Once our application deadline passes, we cannot guarantee that we will wait for scores to arrive before making an admission decision. We will super score results across multiple test dates. Official score submission: Matriculated students must send official SAT scores through the College Board. NYU's school code is 2562. ACT Must be taken within 5 years of the date of application. The exam should be completed before NYU's application deadline. Once our application deadline passes, we cannot guarantee that we will wait for scores to arrive before making an admission decision. We will super score results across multiple test dates, with or without the optional science section. Official score submission: Matriculated students must send official scores through the ACT. NYU's school code is 2838. Advanced Placement Exams At least three completed exams must be submitted. We require one from a Humanities exam, one from a Math or Science exam, and one from an exam of your choice. For Stern and Tandon, one of the exams must be in Math (Precalculus, AP Calculus AB, BC or Statistics). Official score submission: Matriculated students must send official AP scores through the College Board. NYU's school code is 2562. Humanities English Language & Composition English Literature & Composition European History Spanish Literature & Culture United States History World History African American Studies Math & Science Biology Calculus AB Calculus BC Chemistry Computer Science A Computer Science Principles Environmental Science Physics 1 Physics 2 Physics B Physics C: Electricity & Magnetism Physics C: Mechanics Statistics Precalculus Statistics International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Program Predictions or Final Results can be submitted, depending on whether students have completed the program. For predictions, we will email a unique form to the school counselor after application submission. If students have completed the IB diploma prior to applying, we expect final official or unofficial results for a complete application. Students applying to Stern or Tandon should take: Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches HL or SL Mathematics: Applications and Interpretation HL Official score submission: Matriculated students must send final IB results via IBO. GCE Advanced Level (A-Level) Predictions or Final Results must be submitted, depending on whether students have completed the program. For predictions, we will email a unique form to the school counselor after application submission Students applying to Stern or Tandon should take A-Level Mathematics and/or Further Mathematics. Please Note: All A-Level students must submit predictions or final results to have a complete application, regardless of the type of testing they choose to submit. A minimum of 3 A-Levels are required for admissions eligibility. Official score submission: Matriculated students taking Cambridge exams must share their centre number and candidate number with Admissions so we can access their results through CIE Direct. Matriculated students who took A-Levels through any other exam board will need to have their provisional or final exam results sheets authenticated by ECE. International Examinations We accept a number of national exams and qualifications from around the world. For information on any other international exams we accept as standardized testing, along with academic documentation requirements, please visit our International Qualifications Tool . Students are welcome to apply with predicted exam results as their preferred form of testing; however, we must receive final exam results for any matriculated student from a system where final exams are required for proof of high school graduation (or from applicants who have already taken their exams). Note: All students in the Indian Class XII and Australian ATAR systems must submit predictions or final results to have a complete application, regardless of the type of testing they choose to submit. If any official documents are not in English, they must be accompanied by an official English translation, either issued by a school official or by a translation agency that is accredited in the country of the educational institution. Official score submission: All matriculated students must have their final examination results and/or final high school graduation documents authenticated by ECE. Apply Now Start the Common Application. Learn More Follow Us facebook x instagram youtube Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus