Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions Admissions Financial Aid and Scholarships Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Undergraduate Aid Application Graduate Aid Application Resources for Current Students Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions Admissions Financial Aid and Scholarships Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Undergraduate Aid Application Graduate Aid Application Resources for Current Students Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search Cost of Attendance Explore NYU's tuition, fees, and cost of attendance. Compare New York University tuition rates and plan for expenses, including housing and meal costs. Jump to Undergraduate Cost of Attendance Costs by College and School Explanation of Direct and Indirect Cost Estimates Additional Resources and Tools Look Up Your Tuition and Fees Net Price Calculator Watch the Cost of Attendance Video Explanation of Direct and Indirect Cost Estimates Explanation of Direct and Indirect Cost Estimates Tuition Books and Supplies Housing Student Health Insurance Estimated Food Estimated Travel Personal Expenses Graduate Cost of Attendance Understand Your Tuition and Fees Consider Your Indirect Expenses Indirect Expenses for Traditional Programs Indirect Expenses for Online Programs Contact Financial Aid Links The Cost of Attendance varies by location and school, and is an estimate of expenses a full-time NYU student can anticipate before taking into account any financial aid or scholarships. The amounts shown below are not officially approved until July 2026. Financial aid awards for 2026-2027 are based on estimated expenses which are comparable to the finalized cost of attendance. On this Page: Undergraduate Cost of Attendance Graduate Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Cost of Attendance One of the smartest investments you can make is in a valuable education and your successful future. On average, recent NYU bachelor's degree graduates make about $76,000 per year. Select your campus and school below. New York Abu Dhabi Shanghai New York Estimated Undergraduate Cost of Attendance Please find the 2026-2027 cost of attendance for all NYU undergraduate schools below. Estimated costs are for students living on or off campus (not living with family), and are for two semesters of full-time study (fall and spring semesters). Jump to Costs by College and School Costs by College and School Learn more about the methodology for how costs are estimated at NYU. College of Arts & Science Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 Gallatin School of Individualized Study Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 Liberal Studies Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 Rory Meyers College of Nursing Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 School of Professional Studies Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 Silver School of Social Work Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 Stern School of Business Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $70,464 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $102,886 Tandon School of Engineering Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $68,576 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $100,998 Tisch School of the Arts Direct Costs Tuition and Fees: $75,326 Food and Housing: $26,438 Indirect Costs Books and Supplies: $1,492 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $2,054 Total Cost of Attendance : $107,748 Explanation of Direct and Indirect Cost Estimates Direct costs are charges that appear directly on your NYU bill, like tuition and fees, housing if you choose to live on campus, etc. Indirect expenses, like transportation, personal expenses, and housing and food if you are not living on campus, won't appear on your bill. Tuition and Fees (varies by school) The tuition lookup tool calculates tuition based on your major or program, school or college, admit term, and the number of credit hours taken. Use this tool to learn what the official amount for tuition and fees will be for an academic year. Food and Housing (for commuters and non-commuters) Food and housing estimates are based on a student who is living on campus or off campus (not with family). If you opt not to live in on campus housing, you will not be billed for housing by NYU. Important Note: The actual price you will pay for NYU food and housing will be determined by the residence hall and meal plan you select, or if you decide to live off-campus. Rates for the 25-26 academic year will be posted on the NYU Housing website . Some important things to keep in mind as you budget for food and housing: NYU offers a range of housing and meal plans. The figures above represent a student living in a double-occupancy room and selecting a 225 meal per semester "flex" dining plan. Housing includes local telephone service, wi-fi access, and cable television in your residence hall room. Our on-campus standard rate is meant to also represent the food and housing cost for off campus housing. Often the costs are similar. Off-campus housing in New York City varies depending on housing options, location, number of roommates, amenities, and more. Students who live off-campus can still purchase meal plans. Books and Supplies The amount listed for books and supplies includes computer costs. Transportation and Personal Expenses We estimated the cost of transportation equaling one round-trip travel home during the academic year. However, transportation and personal expenses will vary by student. Personal costs can also include miscellaneous expenses like local transportation within New York City. Health Insurance Health insurance is not included in the standard Cost of Attendance, but students who are not covered under an existing health insurance plan (either their parents' plan or their own) will be enrolled in a university-sponsored plan . All students will see this charge initially on their bill, but some students can waive it if they have sufficient coverage already. Additional Resources and Tools These resources and tools help students and families estimate costs at NYU. Costs will vary based on demonstrated financial need, and due to factors like scholarship and grant eligibility, housing, meal plans, and more. Look Up Your Tuition and Fees Check the official tuition and fees for your school or college, major or program, admit term, and credit hours. Tuition and Fees Net Price Calculator In about 20 minutes, estimate how much need-based aid you may be eligible to receive (for first-time, first-year applicants only). Net Price Calculator Watch the Cost of Attendance Video Learn more about the types of expenses in the cost of attendance and how you can budget for your education. Watch Video The NYU Promise For first-time, first-year undergraduate students admitted to the New York campus, NYU will meet 100% demonstrated need, and families with income less than $100,000 and typical assets will not have to pay tuition. Scholarships will be adjusted to meet tuition increases each year. Learn how you can afford NYU Please note: Transfer students are not eligible for the NYU Promise. Aside from a few select programs, transfer students admitted to NYU are not eligible for NYU scholarships and grants, including the NYU Promise (which is only available to first-time, full-time students). However, transfer students are eligible to be considered for federal financial aid, external (non-NYU) scholarships, and private loans. Please visit Undergraduate Aid Application to learn more. Abu Dhabi Estimated Undergraduate Cost of Attendance The figures below represent the 2026-2027 estimated cost of attendance (in U.S. dollars) and are for two semesters of full-time study (fall and spring semesters). Learn more about the Cost of Attendance and financial aid at NYU Abu Dhabi. Cost of Attendance: NYU Abu Dhabi Direct Costs On/Off Campus Student Tuition $68,574 Student Health Insurance $2,416 Books and Supplies $1,730 Food $5,800 Housing $6,000 Estimated Total Direct Costs (Estimated expenses directly billed by NYU) $84,520 Indirect Costs On/Off Campus Student Estimated Personal (miscellaneous) $2,364 Estimated Transportation $3,550 Estimated Total Indirect Costs (Estimate expenses not typically billed by NYU) $5,914 Total On/Off Campus Student Total Cost of Attendance (estimated) $90,434 Learn more about the methodology for how costs are estimated at NYU. Explanation of Direct and Indirect Cost Estimates Direct costs are charges that appear directly on your NYU bill, like tuition and fees, housing if you choose to live on campus, etc. At NYU Abu Dhabi, student health insurance and books are considered direct expenses. Indirect expenses, like transportation and personal expenses, won't appear on your bill. More information is available directly on the NYUAD Cost of Attendance page . Tuition The estimated cost of attendance may differ from a student's actual charges once they are posted on their university (bursar) bill, as the cost of attendance is an estimated amount. The tuition lookup tool calculates tuition based on your major or program, school or college, admit term and the number of credit hours taken. Use this tool to learn what the official amount for tuition and fees will be for an academic year. For students whose financial aid includes the NYUAD Tuition Grant , the amount offered will apply towards tuition accordingly. Student Health Insurance Students must be covered by health insurance that originates in the UAE to be eligible for the required entry visa. As such, student health insurance is a mandatory fee and charges may vary. In accordance with the Federal Decree Law No (8) of 2017, a Value Added Tax (VAT) will be applied to Estimated Student Health Insurance and the Estimated Food (AD meal plan) at the rate of 5%. Students who receive partial financial aid during the fall and spring semesters will be responsible for covering the VAT charges during any given semester, including J-Term and summer. Student Health insurance charges are subject to change depending on negotiations that take place in late July. Books and Supplies The amount listed for books and supplies is a direct charge; thus, it will be listed on your university bill. Food and Housing If your financial aid includes the NYUAD Housing Grant , the amount offered will be applied towards your NYU housing and meal plan charges accordingly. If you opt out of the NYUAD housing and meal plan, your NYUAD Housing Grant award (if applicable) will be canceled as you will not incur charges for housing and food (meals) through NYU. If you choose to retain only the NYU meal plan your NYUAD Housing Grant will be adjusted. Transportation Students' travel costs will vary based on their home location and other factors. Personal Expenses Personal expenses will vary for each student. If your financial aid includes the NYUAD Personal Support award (also known as Falcon Dirhams), you will receive additional information from the Student Finance Office and the Office of Global Education on how the award will be provided. For additional questions you may email nyuad.studentfinance@nyu.edu . Shanghai Estimated Undergraduate Cost of Attendance The figures below represent the 2026-2027 estimated cost of attendance (in U.S. dollars), and are for two semesters of full-time study (fall and spring semesters). Annual adjustments to the costs and fees at NYU Shanghai may be necessary and expected. Learn more about Costs and Aid at NYU Shanghai. Cost of Attendance: NYU Shanghai Direct Costs Cost Tuition $68,576 Books and Supplies $1,330 Housing $5,774 Student Health Insurance* $5,140 Estimated Direct Costs (Estimated expenses directly billed by NYU) $80,820 Indirect Costs Cost Estimated Food $5,264 Estimated Travel $4,454 Estimated Personal Expenses (miscellaneous) $1,138 Estimated Indirect Costs (Estimate expenses not typically billed by NYU) $10,856 Total Cost Total Cost of Attendance (estimated) $91,676 Learn more about the methodology for how costs are estimated at NYU. Explanation of Direct and Indirect Cost Estimates Direct costs are charges that appear directly on your NYU bill, like tuition and fees, housing if you choose to live on campus, etc. At NYU Shanghai, student health insurance and books and supplies are considered direct expenses. Indirect expenses, like transportation,food, and personal expenses, won't appear on your bill. Tuition The tuition lookup tool calculates tuition based on your major or program, school or college, admit term and the number of credit hours taken. Use this tool to learn what the official amount for tuition and fees will be for an academic year. Books and Supplies The amount listed for books and supplies includes computer costs. Housing The actual cost of your housing depends on several factors, including whether you live on or off campus. Student Health Insurance New York University requires that students studying abroad as part of their educational program be covered under the NYU-sponsored health insurance plan. Learn more about insurance for NYU Shanghai . Health insurance charges are subject to change depending on negotiations that will take place in late July. Estimated Food The actual cost of your food and housing depends on several factors, including whether you live on or off campus. Estimated Travel The actual cost of your food depends on your personal decisions, such as how much you spend on groceries and how often you may choose to eat out. Personal Expenses Personal expenses vary by student, and cover things like shampoo, toothpaste, and other miscellaneous things you'll need at school. Graduate Cost of Attendance For graduate students, the total Cost of Attendance includes tuition and fees for your program, as well as indirect expenses. The Cost of Attendance varies by school, program, and location, and represents an estimate of expenses for a full-time NYU graduate student before scholarships, grants, fellowships, or other financial aid are applied. Understand Your Tuition and Fees At NYU, tuition varies by graduate school. Graduate students should refer to the Bursar's Tuition and Fees Lookup Tool below for official tuition and fees depending on your graduate school or college, program, admit term, and number of credits. Look Up Tuition and Fees Note: While most graduate schools' tuition and fees are reflected in the Bursar's Look Up Tool above, there are some with varying expenses. You can find their cost of attendance below: College of Dentistry* NYU Abu Dhabi NYU Grossman Long Island School of Medicine* NYU Grossman School of Medicine* NYU Shanghai Rory Meyers College of Nursing School of Law* *These Schools handle their own financial aid. Please reach out directly to them if you have any questions. Consider Your Indirect Expenses Indirect expenses estimate the various costs that may be associated with your attendance, but are not typically University charges. For example, what you may spend on food, housing, transportation, and health insurance are considered indirect costs. The estimated indirect expenses are based on typical costs for most graduate schools at NYU, and differ depending on whether you are enrolled in a traditional on-campus or online program. Please note that if you are a student in any of the schools with varying tuition and fees listed above, you may have additional indirect expenses, as well. Indirect Expenses for Traditional Programs Traditional Programs (9 cr) Food: $6,910 Housing: $25,306 Books: $1,564 Transportation: $2,438 Personal Expenses: $3,146 Health Insurance: $5,100 Total (Fall/Spring semesters): $44,464 Indirect Expenses for Online Programs Online Programs (one semester) Food and Housing: $15,545 Books and Supplies: $770 Transportation: $0 Personal Expenses: $1,542 Basic Health Insurance: $2,322 Total (one semester): $20,179 Contact Financial Aid Our team looks forward to serving you and making sure you understand all your options. If you have questions for our New York Financial Aid team, please reach out to us. Contact Us Students applying to NYU Shanghai or NYU Abu Dhabi should visit the websites of those campuses to obtain further details on applying for financial aid. Links Glossary FAQ Disclosures Forms X Facebook Instagram Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus