Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions Undergraduate Aid Application First-Year Applicants The NYU Promise Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions Undergraduate Aid Application First-Year Applicants The NYU Promise Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search NYU Admissions Financial Aid and Scholarships Undergraduate Aid Application First-Year Applicants First-Year Applicants Jump to Application by Location NYU New York CSS Profile NY State TAP FAFSA CSS Profile for divorced, separated, or unmarried parents CSS Profile cost and fee waiver NYU Abu Dhabi Step 1: Apply by the deadline Step 2: Submit additional documentation Step 3: Notification CSS Profile CSS Profile for divorced, separated, or unmarried parents CSS Profile cost and fee waiver NYU Shanghai Step 1: Apply by the deadline Step 2: Submit additional documentation Step 3: Notification Step 4: Accept or decline your federal aid CSS Profile FAFSA CSS Profile for divorced, separated, or unmarried parents CSS Profile cost and fee waiver NYU School Codes Contact Financial Aid Links Application by Location The deadlines and applications you have to complete as a first-year applicant vary by location. Select your campus of interest to learn more. New York Abu Dhabi Shanghai NYU New York The NYU Promise For first-time, first-year undergraduate students admitted to the New York campus, NYU will meet 100% demonstrated need, and families with income less than $100,000 and typical assets will not have to pay tuition. Scholarships will be adjusted to meet tuition increases each year. Learn how you can afford NYU Your Guide to Applying for Aid Once you've gotten familiar with the cost of attendance and types of aid at NYU, you can use our net price calculator to estimate how much financial aid you might receive. Please be sure to complete the entire process to ensure the best possible results. The calculator is a planning tool and is an estimate based on the information you provide. It's time to gather your documents, sit down with your parents or guardians, and apply. The applications can take time, so make sure you don't wait until the last minute to start. Step 1: Apply by the deadline It's critical that you apply for aid on time. The amount of aid you receive in your first year is typically the amount you'll continue to receive each year, as long as you remain eligible. Filing late-or not at all-can impact if and how much aid you receive in future years. Deadlines Early Decision I Applicants: November 10 Early Decision II Applicants: January 10 Regular Decision Applicants: February 1 Application Requirements US Citizens, Permanent Residents, and Federally Eligible Non-Citizens should complete the CSS Profile + FAFSA (+ NY State TAP if you are a NY resident) International and Non-US Citizens should complete the CSS Profile (+ NY State TAP if you are a NY resident) Application forms can be accessed below. Eligibility NYU scholarship and grant funding is determined by the results of the CSS Profile for first-year undergraduates. The estimated family contribution (EFC) that is calculated from the CSS Profile helps to determine how much you and your family can contribute to your education, taking into account factors like taxable and nontaxable income, assets, benefits, and the number of family members in college. Step 2: Submit additional documentation Verification Requests After applying for aid, a select number of students may be selected to have their financial information verified. If you're selected for verification, there's nothing to worry about. We will gather documentation from you for a review and be there to guide you every step of the way. Learn more about the CSS Profile verification process. Please provide any requested documentation by the deadline provided by the Office of Financial Aid. Professional Judgment & Corrections If your situation has changed drastically since you applied for financial aid or if you made an error on your CSS Profile, please reach out to our office and a financial aid counselor will be happy to review your options based on your circumstances. Additional documentation will be required and not all updates will impact your financial aid eligibility. Step 3: Notification If you are offered admission to NYU, we will take the data you provided in your financial aid applications and calculate your financial aid eligibility. Our goal is to provide you with a decision about financial aid at the time that you are admitted. Your financial aid package will be available in your NYU applicant portal and will include a detailed explanation of your financial aid eligibility. You'll see the amount of aid that you should expect, and the estimated amount that your family will still have to pay. Notification Dates (approximate) Early Decision I: December 15 Early Decision II: February 15 Regular Decision: April 1 Contact Us If you have a question about your financial aid package, please sign up for a one on one appointment or admitted student webinar through your admitted student portal. You can also reach out to speak with a financial aid counselor Monday through Friday from 10am-4pm EST at (212) 998-4444 or email us at financial.aid@nyu.edu . Step 4: Accept or decline your federal aid If you are offered any scholarships or grants, these will be accepted on your behalf. Our assumption is that you will want to utilize any free money you are eligible to receive. If you are offered any federal loans, you will need to take action to accept or decline them. If your financial situation has drastically changed since filling out the CSS Profile or the FAFSA, please reach out to the Office of Financial Aid to discuss your options. Please note, changes in circumstances do not guarantee a change in scholarship eligibility. You can learn more about your bill and upcoming payment deadlines on the Office of the Bursar's site. Payment plans are available for families who would like to break up their expected contribution. And we're always here to help. Feel free to contact us any time throughout the process with any questions you may have. CSS Profile To be considered for NYU scholarships and grants, you'll need to complete the College Board's CSS Profile form. Complete the CSS Profile NY State TAP Upon completing the FAFSA, NY residents will be prompted to complete the Tuition Assistance Program (TAP) application. NY TAP Application FAFSA To be considered for federal aid, you'll need to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form. Go to the FAFSA CSS Profile for divorced, separated, or unmarried parents Parents and CSS Profiles If your parents are separated, divorced, or unmarried and don't live together, they will each need to fill out a CSS Profile application. A non-custodial parent is one who does not have custody of you. NYU will waive the CSS Profile for a non-custodial parent under some circumstances (for example, if their information isn't available). In this case, you should submit a CSS Profile Waiver Request for a Non-custodial Parent (PDF: 229 KB) by the student deadline. See below for the CSS Profile application deadlines. Early Decision Deadline: The early-decision deadline for your non-custodial parent is November 10 for Early Decision I and January 10 for Early Decision II. Regular Decision Deadline: The regular decision deadline for your non-custodial parent is February 1. CSS Profile cost and fee waiver CSS Profile Cost The CSS Profile costs $25 for the initial application and each additional report is $16 per school. The CSS Profile is considered complete when the application is submitted and paid for using NYU's school code (2785). After completing the application, you will receive a confirmation email from the College Board detailing the schools you included. Fee Waivers for US Domestic Families US domestic families will automatically qualify for a fee waiver if you meet any of these criteria: If you are a family with an Adjusted Gross Income of less than $100k If the student qualified for an SAT fee waiver through the College Board Or if the student is an orphan or ward of the court and is under the age 24 Learn more about automatic fee waivers through the College Board (PDF: 139 KB). Note: If you are a US domestic applicant to NYU Abu Dhabi and do not qualify for an automatic fee waiver, but feel the application fee would be a financial hardship, you may request a fee payment code through your NYU applicant portal. Fee payment codes are limited and must be requested no less than one week before the financial aid deadline. If you have already paid the application fee, reimbursements cannot be granted. Fee Payment Codes for International (non US) Families If paying for the CSS Profile would be a hardship for your family, fee payment codes for international (non US) applicants are available, though limited. You may request a fee payment code through a link in your NYU applicant portal. Requests should be submitted no less than one week before the financial aid deadline. If you have already paid the application fee, reimbursements cannot be granted. NYU Abu Dhabi Your Guide to Applying for Aid Once you've gotten familiar with the cost of attendance and types of aid at NYU, it's time to gather your documents, sit down with your parents or guardians, an apply. The applications can take time, so make sure you don't wait until the last minute to start. Step 1: Apply by the deadline It's critical that you apply for aid on time. The amount of aid you receive in your first year is typically the amount you'll continue to receive each year, as long as you remain eligible. Filing late-or not at all-can impact if and how much aid you receive in future years. Deadlines Early Decision I Applicants: November 10 Early Decision II Applicants: January 10 Regular Decision Applicants: February 1 Application Requirements All applicants, regardless of citizenship, should complete the CSS Profile , which is required to be considered for NYU scholarships and grants. Applicants who are applying solely to the Abu Dhabi campus will only be reviewed for NYU scholarships and grants, and are not required to fill out the FAFSA or TAP applications. Applicants who are applying to more than one campus should complete application requirements for all campuses of interest. Eligibility NYU scholarship and grant funding is determined by the results of the CSS Profile for first-year undergraduates. The estimated family contribution (EFC) that is calculated from the CSS Profile helps to determine how much you and your family can contribute to your education, taking into account factors like taxable and nontaxable income, assets, benefits, and the number of family members in college. Step 2: Submit additional documentation Verification Requests After applying for aid, a select number of students may be selected to have their financial information verified. If you're selected for verification, there's nothing to worry about. We will gather documentation from you for a review and be there to guide you every step of the way. Learn more about the CSS Profile verification process. Please provide any requested documentation by the deadline provided by the Office of Financial Aid. Professional Judgment & Corrections If your situation has changed drastically since you applied for financial aid or if you made an error on your CSS Profile, please reach out to our office and a financial aid counselor will be happy to review your options based on your circumstances. Additional documentation will be required and not all updates will impact your financial aid eligibility. Step 3: Notification If you are offered admission to NYU, we will take the data you provided in your financial aid applications and calculate your financial aid eligibility. Our goal is to provide you with a decision about financial aid at the time that you are admitted. Your financial aid package will be available in your NYU applicant portal and will include a detailed explanation of your financial aid eligibility. You'll see the amount of aid that you should expect, and the estimated amount that your family will still have to pay. If you are offered any scholarships or grants, these will be accepted on your behalf. Our assumption is that you will want to utilize any free money you are eligible to receive. Notification Dates (approximate) Early Decision I: December 15 Early Decision II: February 15 Regular Decision: April 1 Contact Us If you have a question about your financial aid package, please sign up for a one on one appointment or admitted student webinar through your admitted student portal or contact our office at nyuad.financial.support@nyu.edu . In addition to reviewing the steps above, please visit the NYU Abu Dhabi website for more information about financial aid for that campus. CSS Profile To be considered for NYU scholarships and grants, you'll need to complete the College Board's CSS Profile form. Complete the CSS Profile CSS Profile for divorced, separated, or unmarried parents Parents and CSS Profiles If your parents are separated, divorced, or unmarried and don't live together, they will each need to fill out a CSS Profile application. A non-custodial parent is one who does not have custody of you. NYU will waive the CSS Profile for a non-custodial parent under some circumstances (for example, if their information isn't available). In this case, you should submit a CSS Profile Waiver Request for a Non-custodial Parent (PDF: 229 KB) by the student deadline. See below for the CSS Profile application deadlines. Early Decision Deadline: The early-decision deadline for your non-custodial parent is November 10 for Early Decision I and January 10 for Early Decision II. Regular Decision Deadline: The regular decision deadline for your non-custodial parent is February 1. CSS Profile cost and fee waiver CSS Profile Cost The CSS Profile costs $25 for the initial application and each additional report is $16 per school. The CSS Profile is considered complete when the application is submitted and paid for using NYU's school code (2785). After completing the application, you will receive a confirmation email from the College Board detailing the schools you included. Fee Waivers for US Domestic Families US domestic families will automatically qualify for a fee waiver if you meet any of these criteria: If you are a family with an Adjusted Gross Income of less than $100k If the student qualified for an SAT fee waiver through the College Board Or if the student is an orphan or ward of the court and is under the age 24 Learn more about automatic fee waivers through the College Board (PDF: 139 KB). Note: If you are a US domestic applicant to NYU Abu Dhabi and do not qualify for an automatic fee waiver, but feel the application fee would be a financial hardship, you may request a fee payment code through your NYU applicant portal. Fee payment codes are limited and must be requested no less than one week before the financial aid deadline. If you have already paid the application fee, reimbursements cannot be granted. Fee Payment Codes for International (non US) Families If paying for the CSS Profile would be a hardship for your family, fee payment codes for international (non US) applicants are available, though limited. You may request a fee payment code through a link in your NYU applicant portal. Requests should be submitted no less than one week before the financial aid deadline. If you have already paid the application fee, reimbursements cannot be granted. NYU Shanghai Your Guide to Applying for Aid Once you've gotten familiar with the cost of attendance and types of aid at NYU, it's time to gather your documents, sit down with your parents or guardians, and apply. The applications can take time, so make sure you don't wait until the last minute to start. Step 1: Apply by the deadline The amount of aid you receive in your first year is typically the amount you'll continue to receive each year, as long as you remain eligible. Filing late-or not at all-can impact if and how much aid you receive in future years. Deadlines Early Decision I Applicants: November 10 Early Decision II Applicants: January 10 Regular Decision Applicants: February 1 Application Requirements US Citizens, Permanent Residents, and Federally Eligible Non-Citizens should complete the CSS Profile + FAFSA International and Non-US Citizens should complete the CSS Profile Applicants who are applying to more than one campus should complete application requirements for all campuses of interest. Eligibility NYU scholarship and grant funding is determined by the results of the CSS Profile for first-year undergraduates. The estimated family contribution (EFC) that is calculated from the CSS Profile helps to determine how much you and your family can contribute to your education, taking into account factors like taxable and nontaxable income, assets, benefits, and the number of family members in college. Step 2: Submit additional documentation Verification Requests After applying for aid, a select number of students may be selected to have their financial information verified. If you're selected for verification, there's nothing to worry about. We will gather documentation from you for a review and be there to guide you every step of the way, and ask that you provide any requested documentation by the deadline provided by the Office of Financial Aid. Learn more about the CSS Profile verification process. Professional Judgment & Corrections If your situation has changed drastically since you applied for financial aid or if you made an error on your CSS Profile, please reach out to our office and a financial aid counselor will be happy to review your options based on your circumstances. Additional documentation will be required and not all updates will impact your financial aid eligibility. Step 3: Notification If you are offered admission to NYU, we will take the data you provided in your financial aid applications and calculate your financial aid eligibility. Our goal is to provide you with a decision about financial aid at the time that you are admitted. Your financial aid package will be available in your NYU applicant portal and will include a detailed explanation of your financial aid eligibility. You'll see the amount of aid that you should expect, and the estimated amount that your family will still have to pay. Notification Dates (approximate) Early Decision 1: December 15 Early Decision 2: February 15 Regular Decision: April 1 Contact Us If you have a question about your financial aid package, please sign up for a one on one appointment or admitted student webinar through your admitted student portal. You can also reach out to speak with a financial aid counselor Monday through Friday from 10am-4pm EST at (212) 998-4444 or email us at financial.aid@nyu.edu . Step 4: Accept or decline your federal aid If you are offered any scholarships or grants, these will be accepted on your behalf. Our assumption is that you will want to utilize any free money you are eligible to receive. If you are offered any federal loans, you will need to take action to accept or decline them. If your financial situation has drastically changed since filling out the CSS Profile or the FAFSA, please reach out to the Office of Financial Aid to discuss your options. Please note, changes in circumstances do not guarantee a change in scholarship eligibility. You can learn more about your bill and upcoming payment deadlines on the Office of the Bursar's site. Payment plans are available for families who would like to break up their expected contribution. And we're always here to help. Feel free to contact us any time throughout the process with any questions you may have. In addition to reviewing the steps above, please visit the NYU Shanghai website for more information about financial aid for that campus. CSS Profile To be considered for NYU scholarships and grants, you'll need to complete the College Board's CSS Profile form. Complete the CSS Profile FAFSA To be considered for federal aid, you'll need to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form. Go to the FAFSA CSS Profile for divorced, separated, or unmarried parents Parents and CSS Profiles If your parents are separated, divorced, or unmarried and don't live together, they will each need to fill out a CSS Profile application. A non-custodial parent is one who does not have custody of you. NYU will waive the CSS Profile for a non-custodial parent under some circumstances (for example, if their information isn't available). In this case, you should submit a CSS Profile Waiver Request for a Non-custodial Parent (PDF: 229 KB) by the student deadline. See below for the CSS Profile application deadlines. Early Decision Deadline: The early-decision deadline for your non-custodial parent is November 10 for Early Decision I and January 10 for Early Decision II. Regular Decision Deadline: The regular decision deadline for your non-custodial parent is February 1. CSS Profile cost and fee waiver CSS Profile Cost The CSS Profile costs $25 for the initial application and each additional report is $16 per school. The CSS Profile is considered complete when the application is submitted and paid for using NYU's school code (2785). After completing the application, you will receive a confirmation email from the College Board detailing the schools you included. Fee Waivers for US Domestic Families US domestic families will automatically qualify for a fee waiver if you meet any of these criteria: If you are a family with an Adjusted Gross Income of less than $100k If the student qualified for an SAT fee waiver through the College Board Or if the student is an orphan or ward of the court and is under the age 24 Learn more about automatic fee waivers through the College Board (PDF: 139 KB). Note: If you are a US domestic applicant to NYU Abu Dhabi and do not qualify for an automatic fee waiver, but feel the application fee would be a financial hardship, you may request a fee payment code through your NYU applicant portal. Fee payment codes are limited and must be requested no less than one week before the financial aid deadline. If you have already paid the application fee, reimbursements cannot be granted. Fee Payment Codes for International (non US) Families If paying for the CSS Profile would be a hardship for your family, fee payment codes for international (non US) applicants are available, though limited. You may request a fee payment code through a link in your NYU applicant portal. Requests should be submitted no less than one week before the financial aid deadline. If you have already paid the application fee, reimbursements cannot be granted. NYU School Codes When filling out your applications you will need NYU's School Codes: CSS Profile: 2785 FAFSA: 002785 TAP: 0555 Contact Financial Aid Our team looks forward to serving you and making sure you understand all your options. If you have questions for our New York Financial Aid team, please reach out to us. Contact Us Students applying to NYU Shanghai or NYU Abu Dhabi should visit the websites of those campuses to obtain further details on applying for financial aid. Links Glossary FAQ Disclosures Forms X Facebook Instagram Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus