Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions Undergraduate Aid Application First-Year Applicants The NYU Promise Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions Undergraduate Aid Application First-Year Applicants The NYU Promise Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search NYU Admissions Financial Aid and Scholarships Undergraduate Aid Application First-Year Applicants The NYU Promise The NYU Promise Jump to NYU's Commitment to Affordability Who is eligible to have their demonstrated need met? Who is eligible to have tuition covered? More Frequently Asked Questions I am applying to transfer to NYU. Will I be eligible for The NYU Promise? What are the requirements to maintain my institutional scholarship and grant aid? Will financial aid also cover things like food and housing? Will loans be a part of my financial aid package? Can I be reviewed for additional scholarship if there is a change in my financial circumstances? I am applying to NYU Abu Dhabi or NYU Shanghai. Will I be eligible for The NYU Promise? Contact Financial Aid Links Students admitted as first-time undergraduates to the New York campus are eligible for the NYU Promise. For information on financial aid for the Abu Dhabi and Shanghai campuses, please visit their websites. NYU's Commitment to Affordability Beginning in the 2024-25 academic year, President Linda G. Mills expanded NYU's commitment to affordability through The NYU Promise, guaranteeing that every undergraduate-domestic and international-who start as a first-year student admitted to our New York campus will have 100% of their demonstrated need met through a combination of scholarships and grants . In addition, families with income less than $100,000 and who hold typical assets will not have to pay tuition. S cholarships will be adjusted to meet tuition increases each year. Who is eligible to have their demonstrated need met? All students admitted as first-year undergraduate students to our New York campus and who apply for financial aid by the financial aid deadlines will have 100% of their demonstrated need met, regardless of citizenship status. That includes international applicants, as well as undocumented students. Meeting demonstrated need means NYU will cover, through institutional scholarships, federal/state grants, and expected student work, the cost of attendance-including tuition, housing, food, books, and supplies-less the amount that your family is expected to contribute as determined by the information provided on the CSS Profile. Who is eligible to have tuition covered? Students admitted as first-year undergraduate students to our New York campus who apply for financial aid by the financial aid deadlines , and who have a family income under $100,000 with typical assets, will not have to pay tuition. If your demonstrated need is greater than the cost of NYU tuition, your scholarship and grant aid will exceed tuition to meet your demonstrated need. NYU defines total income as the total of student and parent wages, earnings from a business or other self-employment, other taxable income such as unemployment compensation, and all untaxed income. NYU defines typical assets as assets commensurate with family income levels. A family's assets may include cash and savings, investments, home equity, business net worth, other real estate, and any other assets. Families with significant assets above what is typical for their income level may not qualify for full tuition, but would still qualify to have 100% of their demonstrated need met through the NYU Promise. More Frequently Asked Questions I am applying to transfer to NYU. Will I be eligible for The NYU Promise? Transfer students are not eligible for the NYU Promise Initiative. There are only a very few select programs for transfer students that offer any scholarship consideration, although federal financial aid for eligible students admitted to other transfer programs is available. What are the requirements to maintain my institutional scholarship and grant aid? Your NYU scholarship is available throughout the course of your degree, during the fall and spring terms, as long as you are enrolled full-time (i.e. 12 credits or more). There is no GPA requirement, though academic progress is required for federal aid eligibility. Will financial aid also cover things like food and housing? If your demonstrated need exceeds the cost of tuition, your scholarship and grant aid will be directed toward your other educational expenses. After billed costs are settled, any remaining financial aid will typically be refunded to put toward non-billed expenses, such as books and supplies, or housing and food costs if you live off campus or don't have an NYU meal plan. Will loans be a part of my financial aid package? Loans are not included in your financial aid package to meet your demonstrated need, however, federal loans are offered with submission of the FAFSA and private loans are an option to assist with your family contribution. Can I be reviewed for additional scholarship if there is a change in my financial circumstances? We understand that your circumstances may change since you first applied for financial aid. If you have had a significant change in circumstances not reflected on your financial aid application, you should reach out to our office to explain your situation so that we can determine if it is eligible to be reviewed. Additional documentation may be requested. Updates to your financial aid eligibility are not guaranteed and are based on your documentation, as well as funding availability for your school. I am applying to NYU Abu Dhabi or NYU Shanghai. Will I be eligible for The NYU Promise? Our Abu Dhabi and Shanghai campuses do offer generous scholarship consideration, though it is not a part of the NYU Promise. Contact Financial Aid Our team looks forward to serving you and making sure you understand all your options. If you have questions for our New York Financial Aid team, please reach out to us. Contact Us Students applying to NYU Shanghai or NYU Abu Dhabi should visit the websites of those campuses to obtain further details on applying for financial aid. Links Glossary FAQ Disclosures Forms X Facebook Instagram Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus