Reach Oxford Scholarship Students should note they must apply for admission to the University before they can be considered for a Reach Oxford Scholarship. The University is unable to consider any scholarship applications from students who have not been offered a place at Oxford. The University is not responsible for the content of external sites advertising the scheme and would encourage applicants to read the following details to check their eligibility. A number of Reach Oxford scholarships (formerly Oxford Student Scholarships) are offered to students from low-income countries who, for political or financial reasons, or because suitable educational facilities do not exist, cannot study for a degree in their own countries. Am I eligible? Nationality: | Applicants must be nationals of countries who receive official development assistance from the Development Assistance Committee (DAC) of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD): Afghanistan; Albania; Algeria; Angola; Argentina; Armenia; Azerbaijan; Bangladesh; Belarus; Belize; Benin; Bhutan; Bolivia; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Botswana; Brazil; Burkina Faso; Burundi; Cambodia; Cameroon; Cape Verde; Central African Rep.; Chad; China; Colombia; Comoros; Congo, Dem. Rep.; Congo, Rep.; Costa Rica; Côte d'Ivoire; Cuba; Djibouti; Dominica; Dominican Republic; Ecuador; Egypt; El Salvador; Equatorial Guinea; Eritrea; Eswatini; Ethiopia; Fiji; Gabon; Gambia; Georgia; Ghana; Grenada; Guatemala; Guinea; Guinea-Bissau; Guyana; Haiti; Honduras; India; Indonesia; Iran; Iraq; Jamaica; Jordan; Kazakhstan; Kenya; Kiribati; Korea, Dem. People's Rep.; Kosovo; Kyrgyz Rep.; Laos; Lebanon; Lesotho; Liberia; Libya; Madagascar; Malawi; Malaysia; Maldives; Mali; Marshall Islands; Mauritania; Mauritius; Mexico; Micronesia, Federated States; Moldova; Mongolia; Montenegro; Montserrat; Morocco; Mozambique; Myanmar; Namibia; Nauru; Nepal; Nicaragua; Niger; Nigeria; Niue; North Macedonia; Pakistan; Palau; Panama; Papua New Guinea; Paraguay; Peru; Philippines; Rwanda; Saint Helena; Samoa; São Tomé and Príncipe; Senegal; Serbia; Sierra Leone; Solomon Islands; Somalia; South Africa; South Sudan; Sri Lanka; St. Lucia; St. Vincent and Grenadines; Sudan; Suriname; Syria; Tajikistan; Tanzania; Thailand; Timor-Leste; Togo; Tokelau; Tonga; Tunisia; Turkey; Turkmenistan; Tuvalu; Uganda; Ukraine; Uzbekistan; Vanuatu; Venezuela; Vietnam; Wallis and Futuna; West Bank and Gaza Strip; Yemen; Zambia; Zimbabwe. | Level of study: | Undergraduate | Year of study: | New students | Subject: | All subjects in the course listing, except medicine | College: | Not all colleges are able to offer Reach Oxford Scholarships every year. If you are accepted by a college that is not participating in the scheme, this will not prevent you from applying for and being awarded a scholarship. If your application is successful, arrangements will be made to transfer you between colleges. | Other criteria: | This scheme is only suitable for candidates who have received an offer and who are of the highest academic ability. Financial need, social commitment and lack of ability to study for a degree in their own country are also major criteria for selection. Applicants should be intending to return to their country following their studies. Priority will be given to students who have not studied at undergraduate level before. | What does it cover? Duration: | 3 or 4 years depending on course length | Value: | Course fees, a grant for living costs and one return air fare per year | Number: | Around 2-3 awards per year | How do I apply? Applications for 2026 entry are now closed. Details on how to apply for 2027 entry will be made available on this page in January 2027. For 2027 entry applicants who apply by the 26 January 2027 scholarship deadline, the selection process will be undertaken in April 2027. Applicants will be informed of the outcome of their application by the end of May 2027. Further information Scholars will be expected to write an annual report about their academic and social activities, and achievements at the University. Receipt of the award in subsequent years is subject to satisfactory academic progress. Applicants should be aware that competition for the scheme is very high and the University does not have additional funding for those candidates who are not offered a scholarship. If you hold an offer for deferred entry for an undergraduate course at Oxford, and you'd like to apply for a scholarship, please apply for the scholarship in January of the year you will start your Oxford course (e.g. in January 2027 if you hold an offer to start in October 2027). We can only consider applications for undergraduate scholarships once. If you are applying for Oxford's Astrophoria Foundation Year Programme and you'd like to apply for this scholarship to support your undergraduate degree course (after the completion of your Foundation Year), please apply for the scholarship in January of the year you will start your undergraduate degree course (e.g. in January 2027 if you intend to progress in October 2027). We will contact all students when enrolled on their Foundation Year to confirm for which scholarships they can apply for their undergraduate course. We can only consider applications for undergraduate scholarships once.