International qualifications | Oxford University (выдержка со страницы: пояснения, блок международных квалификаций и записи Казахстана, Киргизии и Узбекистана; полная таблица стран на странице длиннее - Таджикистана в ней нет) Why some qualifications are listed as not accepted We monitor international qualifications and compare them to our standard A-level and IB admissions requirements. Where a qualification's status is listed as 'not accepted', this means that it does not currently meet this equivalent standard and cannot be used to meet the standard offer for entry onto an Oxford undergraduate degree. Similarly, where a country is not listed on this page, this means that the school-leaving qualifications from that country do not currently meet our admissions requirements. If you have a query regarding a qualification not listed here, you are welcome to contact us. What to do if your qualification is not accepted or is not listed If your qualification is not accepted, then you will need to undertake further study if you wish to apply. You can take any of the qualifications on this page which are listed as accepted as well as our accepted UK qualifications. Taking one of these accepted qualifications will help you make the most competitive application, rather than seeking to qualify through attending the first year of university elsewhere. International cross-border qualifications International Baccalaureate A total score of 38, 39 or 40 points (depending on the course) including core points, with 6s and 7s in subjects taken at the Higher level. Please visit the individual course pages for details. IB Career-related Programme The University does not accept the IB Career-related Programme. European Baccalaureate An average of 85% or above, with scores of between 8 and 9 in subjects specified at A-level or equivalent. Visit your course page or our admission requirements table for further information about specified subjects. International A-levels International A-levels (offered by Cambridge Assessment International Education, Pearson Edexcel and OxfordAQA) are recognised as equivalent to UK GCE A-levels on a grade-for-grade basis. IGCSEs You do not need GCSEs (or IGCSEs) in order to apply to Oxford. The admissions requirements for Oxford are based on A-levels or equivalent qualifications. These are a stage higher than GCSEs and IGCSEs. All applicants for Oxford must be taking either A-levels or an accepted equivalent qualification: accepted international qualifications are listed on this page. MOOCs The University does not accept MOOCs as qualifications on which to base an application, as the majority of MOOCs are not accredited. Foundation year courses Competition is very strong for places at Oxford. Although a foundation year course may be accepted in certain circumstances, we recommend taking different qualifications in order to make the strongest application. This is especially true if your chosen course has specific subject requirements. For a foundation year course to be accepted, you would need to make sure that the course covers the same content as any required A-levels to the appropriate standard. If it does not, you will need to take alternative qualifications. Kazakhstan Status | Qualification Not accepted | Attestat/Svidetel' stvo o Srednem Obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary Education) Kyrgyzstan Status | Qualification Not accepted | Certificate of Completed Secondary Education Uzbekistan Status | Qualification Not accepted | Attestat o srednem obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary Education) Russian Federation Status | Qualification Not accepted | Attestat o Srednam Obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary Education)