English language and visa requirements | Oxford University (выдержка со страницы: раздел об английском; раздел о визе на снимок не взят) As well as meeting our academic requirements for undergraduate study, international applicants must also ensure they meet any relevant English language and visa requirements. If you are offered a place, you will need to show the correct level of proficiency by 31 July in the year you receive your offer. Accepted qualifications and required scores Test | Score | Component scores | Oxford Test of English (Advanced) | 165 | Minimum 155 per component | IELTS We recommend that you take the IELTS Academic option. The IELTS General, IELTS UKVI General and IELTS Life Skills options are not suitable for admission; we are not able to accept IELTS Online. The IELTS UKVI Academic test can be accepted but is not recommended. | 7.5 | Minimum 7.0 per component | TOEFL / TOEFL iBT Home Edition TOEFL tests taken up to and including 20 January 2026 are accepted. TOEFL Essentials and TOEFL ITP are not accepted. NB. TOEFL tests taken from 21 January 2026 are not accepted and do not meet the English language condition. Changes to the TOEFL iBT test were introduced on 21 January 2026 and are currently under review by the University. | 110 | Minimum component scores: Listening: 22 Reading: 24 Speaking: 25 Writing: 24 | C1 Advanced (formerly known as Cambridge English: Advanced or CAE) | 191 | Minimum 185 per component | C2 Proficiency (formerly known as Cambridge English: Proficiency or CPE) | 191 | Minimum 185 per component | Pearson PTE Academic NB. Pearson PTE Academic Online (which was available until 2024 but has now been withdrawn) is no longer accepted. | 76 | Minimum 66 in Speaking, Listening, Reading and Writing. We do not require particular scores in the Enabling Skills. | Trinity Integrated Skills in English (ISE) | | ISE III with distinction in all skills or ISE IV with pass in each section | International Baccalaureate (for those not being taught in English) | | English B with a score of 7 at HL | European Baccalaureate | | English at L1 or L2 with 70%. | Possible exemptions If your first language is English and you have always been a resident and citizen of a majority English-speaking country recognised by UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) you do not need to demonstrate your level of English. Other exemptions from this English Language requirement will be considered for those who: are studying (or have completed) the International Baccalaureate programme, if it is taught in English; are studying (or have completed) the Singapore Integrated Programme (SIPCAL); have been educated full-time in English for at least the two most recent years before applying and who remain in full-time education in this language until completion of their schooling. This means that a minimum of three years of your most recent education must have been in English before the start of your Oxford course. Qualification deadline You do not need to have evidence of your English Language proficiency when you make your UCAS application. If you are offered a place, you will need to show the correct level of proficiency by 31 July in the year you receive your offer. Note this deadline applies even if you are not due to start your course until the following October. Superscoring To meet the English language requirements for your offer to the University you must, where applicable, receive all qualifying test component scores (Reading, Writing, Listening and Speaking) from the same session; we will not consider scores from multiple sessions ('superscoring').