XIPU AI Learning Mall Library IT E-hall Study Study Programmes Undergraduate Master's Doctoral International Mobility XJTLU 2+2/2+1+1 Route Why Study at XJTLU? Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Chinese Mainland Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships China's Hong Kong, Macao, & Taiwan Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships International Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships Master's Admissions Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships Doctoral Admissions Entry Requirements How to Apply Programme Fees Postgraduate Research Scholarships Continuing Education Short, Summer Courses Lifelong Learning Programmes Liverpool International Education Programme Admissions Research Research Research Priorities & Strategy Key Research Areas Research Strategies Research Innovation Ecosystem Research Compliance Research Output Research Publications Patents Research Projects Research Institutes Quick Links XJTLU Research Portal Research Profiles Research Output Research Projects Research Activities XJTLU Academic Conferences Academies and Schools Academies and Schools Academies Academy of Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Technology Academy of Film and Creative Technology Academy of Future Education Academy of Life and Natural Sciences XJTLU-JITRI Academy of Industrial Technology Schools and Teaching Centres Design School School of Humanities and Social Sciences International Business School Suzhou School of Mathematics and Physics Global Cultures and Languages Hub Chinese Cultural Teaching Centre Physical Education Centre XJTLU Entrepreneur College (Taicang) School of CHIPS Entrepreneurship and Enterprise Hub School of Intelligent Finance and Business School of Intelligent Manufacturing Ecosystem School of Internet of Things School of Robotics College of Industry-Entrepreneurs HeXie Management Research Centre Industrial Software Ecosystem Research Centre Digital Transformation Research Centre Strategic Issues of Industrial Innovation & Development Research Centre The Belt and Road Division Campus Life Campus Life Facilities & Support Library Learning Mall Museum Laboratory XJTLU Souvenir Shop Test Centres Health and Wellbeing Events Sports and Club Activities Accommodation Life in Suzhou Visit Us People of XJTLU People of XJTLU Riding the Silk Road, Suzhou to Liverpool, with a stop at XJTU 07 Aug 2026 Venturing South: the XJTLU alumni finding success in Oceania 20 Aug 2026 See all stories About About Overview & Key Facts Vision and Mission "12345" Education System History XJTLU Education + AI University Identity Professional Services Board of Directors Leadership & People Leadership Other Leaders Former Senior Staff Information & Resources Brand Resources Publications Jobs & Careers Contact Us XJTLU 20th Anniversary Visual Identity XJTLU Anthem Anniversary Events Anniversary News Feature Series Video Series Moments News News Ecosystems foster cohesion, digital intelligence unlocks new voyages, syntegration delivers great endeavours 10 Sep 2026 XJTLU adds four new programmes for 2026 15 Sep 2026 See all articles EN EN 中 Apply Apply Quick Links XJTLU 20th Anniversary Undergraduate Programmes Master's Programmes Doctoral Programmes News I am Prospective Student Current Student Alumni Researcher Industry Partner Job Seeker Home page Undergraduate Admissions International, China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Entry requirements Entry requirements All International, China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Entry requirements How to Apply Fees and scholarships JW202/DQ forms and visa application Pre-arrival information Meet us Ask us Frequently Asked Questions Entry requirements Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan students Year one entry We welcome students from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions who have taken the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE), General Scholastic Ability Test (GSAT), HKDSE and the exam for Macao recommended students to apply to XJTLU. For more information and entry requirements, please visit the Chinese page . International students Year one entry We welcome applications from high-quality candidates in all subjects with appropriate high school or equivalent qualifications. Students will normally be expected to have a high standing in their high school performance with a minimum B average in all subjects as well as relevant subjects. Year two entry Students who have completed A-levels or International Baccalaureate (or equivalent) will be considered for entry into Year Two, different programmes have different subject-relevant requirements. A-level: BBB IB Diploma: 30 points High school graduation diploma with a GPA of 3.0/4.0 or above, plus 3 AP exams with 444. Notes: 1. BA International Business with a Language: normally international students study Chinese and Hong Kong/Macao/Taiwan students study Spanish or Japanese as the language option. For year 2 entry international students, students who are Chinese zero beginners will take an extra 5 credits Chinese language course. For year 2 entry Hong Kong/Macao/Taiwan students, students should be able to demonstrate an equivalent level of Spanish (DELE/SIELE A1) or Japanese (Japanese-Language Proficiency Test N5). 2. BA Translation and Interpreting: for international and HK/Macao/Taiwan students whose native language is not Chinese, an HSK level 6 or the pass of the aptitude test arranged by the Department of Translation and Interpreting is required. 3. Programmes in Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Industrial Design, Mechatronics and Technology Science and so on require both Mathematics and Physics . 4. Programmes in Accounting, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, Mathematics, Chemistry, Biology, Environmental Sciences, Pharmaceutical Sciences and so on require Mathematics . You can also find more information on entry requirements on our Country/Region list . English language requirements For international applicants, if you are a non-native English speaker, or if you have not previously studied in English, you must have satisfactory English language skills to study at XJTLU. Various English qualifications are accepted: Year one entry IELTS: 5.0 (min 4.5 in all sections) TOEFL: 62 (iBT) Year two entry IELTS 6.5 (min 5.5 in all sections) TOEFL: 90 (iBT) (min 21 in any skill) Guardianship policy for students under 18 years old Based on the policy requirement from the Ministry of Education in China, when enrolling international students under the age of 18, higher education institutions shall confirm whether the student's parents reside permanently in China before admission. If the parents do not reside permanently in China, the university shall require the parents to appoint a foreign or Chinese national residing permanently in China as the guardian for the international student. Students applying to XJTLU, who are not reaching to 18 years old on 1 September 2027, would need to find a legal guardian in China. The guardian needs to sign the guardianship appointment form sent from the university as soon as the student receives it alongside with the Admissions process. Guardian of the student can be the student's family member or a friend. The student's parents need to agree on the guardianship appointment formally and sign the form as well. If you have an agent, please do not hesitate to discuss with your agent about this matter. If you cannot find a legal guardian in China, please reach out to international@xjtlu.edu.cn for assistance. For Degree programs: If you are under 18 years old by 1 Sept 2027, students need to make guardianship arrangement accordingly. We do not admit any students under 17 years old by 1 Sept 2027 for degree programs. For Short programs and diploma programs: Please refer to the relevant program page for details. Find out how to apply Scan for follow us Study Programmes Academies and Schools International Mobility e-Document Verification Admissions Undergraduate Master Doctoral Continuing Education Liverpool International Education Programme About Overview & Key Facts XJTLU 20th Anniversary Jobs & Careers News Visit and Contact Partner Universities Xi'an Jiaotong University University of Liverpool Copyright 2006-2026 Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University 苏ICP备07016150号-1 苏公网安备32059002001410号 Privacy Policy Accessibility