XIPU AI Learning Mall Library IT E-hall Study Study Programmes Undergraduate Master's Doctoral International Mobility XJTLU 2+2/2+1+1 Route Why Study at XJTLU? Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Chinese Mainland Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships China's Hong Kong, Macao, & Taiwan Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships International Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships Master's Admissions Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships Doctoral Admissions Entry Requirements How to Apply Programme Fees Postgraduate Research Scholarships Continuing Education Short, Summer Courses Lifelong Learning Programmes Liverpool International Education Programme Admissions Research Research Research Priorities & Strategy Key Research Areas Research Strategies Research Innovation Ecosystem Research Compliance Research Output Research Publications Patents Research Projects Research Institutes Quick Links XJTLU Research Portal Research Profiles Research Output Research Projects Research Activities XJTLU Academic Conferences Academies and Schools Academies and Schools Academies Academy of Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Technology Academy of Film and Creative Technology Academy of Future Education Academy of Life and Natural Sciences XJTLU-JITRI Academy of Industrial Technology Schools and Teaching Centres Design School School of Humanities and Social Sciences International Business School Suzhou School of Mathematics and Physics Global Cultures and Languages Hub Chinese Cultural Teaching Centre Physical Education Centre XJTLU Entrepreneur College (Taicang) School of CHIPS Entrepreneurship and Enterprise Hub School of Intelligent Finance and Business School of Intelligent Manufacturing Ecosystem School of Internet of Things School of Robotics College of Industry-Entrepreneurs HeXie Management Research Centre Industrial Software Ecosystem Research Centre Digital Transformation Research Centre Strategic Issues of Industrial Innovation & Development Research Centre The Belt and Road Division Campus Life Campus Life Facilities & Support Library Learning Mall Museum Laboratory XJTLU Souvenir Shop Test Centres Health and Wellbeing Events Sports and Club Activities Accommodation Life in Suzhou Visit Us People of XJTLU People of XJTLU Riding the Silk Road, Suzhou to Liverpool, with a stop at XJTU 07 Aug 2026 Venturing South: the XJTLU alumni finding success in Oceania 20 Aug 2026 See all stories About About Overview & Key Facts Vision and Mission "12345" Education System History XJTLU Education + AI University Identity Professional Services Board of Directors Leadership & People Leadership Other Leaders Former Senior Staff Information & Resources Brand Resources Publications Jobs & Careers Contact Us XJTLU 20th Anniversary Visual Identity XJTLU Anthem Anniversary Events Anniversary News Feature Series Video Series Moments News News Ecosystems foster cohesion, digital intelligence unlocks new voyages, syntegration delivers great endeavours 10 Sep 2026 XJTLU adds four new programmes for 2026 15 Sep 2026 See all articles EN EN 中 Apply Apply Quick Links XJTLU 20th Anniversary Undergraduate Programmes Master's Programmes Doctoral Programmes News I am Prospective Student Current Student Alumni Researcher Industry Partner Job Seeker Home page Undergraduate Admissions International, China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Fees and scholarships Fees and scholarships All International, China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Entry requirements How to Apply Fees and scholarships JW202/DQ forms and visa application Pre-arrival information Meet us Ask us Frequently Asked Questions Fees International Students: RMB 99,000 per academic year. Early bird discount The Early Bird Discount (10% of the tuition fee per year) is applicable to international undergraduate students who submit all required documents through the admissions process on time. The requirements are: Submit their applications and documents by 31 March 2027. Plus, receive a conditional or unconditional offer by 31 March 2027. For conditional offer holders, providing all supporting documents by 30th June, except IB and A-level final results where details will be communicated with such students at a later stage of their applications. For those conditional offer holders whose final academic transcripts are released by their schools later, we would require the students to advise Admissions in advance. Pay their deposits correctly and successfully by the deposit deadline written on the unconditional offer letter. Failure of payment due to the mistakes from the sender will not be considered as being eligible for the early bird discount. Please note Early Bird Discount is not applicable to Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan students. Sibling discount Students, who have sibling(s) enrolled on the XJTLU degree program will receive a sibling tuition fee discount. Discounts are calculated as follows: 5% for the second sibling; 10% for the third sibling and 15% for the fourth sibling. Students should contact the Admissions Team via international@xjtlu.edu.cn by 31 May 2027. Scholarships 1) Entry Scholarship for Outstanding Academic Applicants We offer an entry scholarship of up to 50 percent of the tuition fee per year for international and Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan undergraduate students, based on academic excellence. Your indication of interest during the online programme application process and filling in the 'XJTLU Entry Scholarship' section is required to be considered for this scholarship, and you must submit key documents within the round to be qualified for a conditional offer. Eligibility: The Entry Scholarship is awarded exclusively to applicants who demonstrate exceptional academic performance exceeding the University's standard entry requirements. It is highly competitive and is awarded on a merit basis. To be eligible for consideration, an applicant must be "offer-ready" - that is, must have uploaded sufficient documentation to qualify for an offer of admission (conditional or unconditional) - by the deadline applicable to their application for each corresponding round. An applicant who has not uploaded the sufficient documents to qualify for an offer (conditional or unconditional) will not be considered at that Scholarship Panel, and no provision for the Scholarship exists for reconsideration at any subsequent round during the whole academic year. Here is the minimum list of key documents you must upload, alongside with the indication of your interest in the Entry Scholarship: International students: Photocopy of your passport (applicants are advised that passport details cannot be amended once they start to pay the deposit) China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan students: Passport, Mainland travel permit, and HK or Macao Permanent ID/Taiwan ID Academic transcripts from your school(s), except for the final year of academic transcript which normally will come out later. All school transcripts need to have the original documents, alongside with the English translated versions Certificates of English language qualifications, where already obtained. For details please always refer to the list of conditions specified by Admissions. Deadlines: Applicants must submit their programme application and upload all key documents by the deadline to qualify for a conditional offer. Round Deadline What You Need to Do First Round 30 November 2026 Applications submitted by (including) 30 Nov 2026 Second Round 15 January 2027 Applications submitted in December & by (including) 15 Jan 2027 Third Round 28 February 2027 Applications submitted in January & February 2027 Fourth Round 31 March 2027 Applications submitted in March 2027 Fifth Round 30 April 2027 Applications submitted in April 2027 Entry scholarships are renewable annually subject to continued strong academic performance. The panel that makes decisions on entry scholarship awards meets at various times throughout the year and you are encouraged to apply early for admission to XJTLU undergraduate programmes to ensure availability of scholarship opportunities. The entry scholarship is also available for Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan students who apply through the governmental online application system. No additional application is needed. Please note the final application deadline is 30 April 2027. Late applicants will not be considered for the scholarship. 2) Scholarship for students from China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan The Chinese Ministry of Education and the Jiangsu provincial government offer additional scholarships exclusively for students from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan. This support is also based upon academic merit. 3) The University of Liverpool 2+2 discount Continuing XJTLU students who choose the 2+2 study route and transfer to The University of Liverpool for Years Three and Four will be offered a discount of 10 percent off the tuition fees of the University of Liverpool. 4) Progression scholarship Progression scholarships are awarded based upon a student's average marks in the previous academic session. The award for first class marks is currently RMB 10,000; the award for second class marks is RMB 5,000. Nominations are considered automatically, there is no need for students to apply. Scan for follow us Study Programmes Academies and Schools International Mobility e-Document Verification Admissions Undergraduate Master Doctoral Continuing Education Liverpool International Education Programme About Overview & Key Facts XJTLU 20th Anniversary Jobs & Careers News Visit and Contact Partner Universities Xi'an Jiaotong University University of Liverpool Copyright 2006-2026 Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University 苏ICP备07016150号-1 苏公网安备32059002001410号 Privacy Policy Accessibility