XIPU AI Learning Mall Library IT E-hall Study Study Programmes Undergraduate Master's Doctoral International Mobility XJTLU 2+2/2+1+1 Route Why Study at XJTLU? Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Chinese Mainland Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships China's Hong Kong, Macao, & Taiwan Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships International Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships Master's Admissions Entry Requirements How to Apply Fees and Scholarships Doctoral Admissions Entry Requirements How to Apply Programme Fees Postgraduate Research Scholarships Continuing Education Short, Summer Courses Lifelong Learning Programmes Liverpool International Education Programme Admissions Research Research Research Priorities & Strategy Key Research Areas Research Strategies Research Innovation Ecosystem Research Compliance Research Output Research Publications Patents Research Projects Research Institutes Quick Links XJTLU Research Portal Research Profiles Research Output Research Projects Research Activities XJTLU Academic Conferences Academies and Schools Academies and Schools Academies Academy of Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Technology Academy of Film and Creative Technology Academy of Future Education Academy of Life and Natural Sciences XJTLU-JITRI Academy of Industrial Technology Schools and Teaching Centres Design School School of Humanities and Social Sciences International Business School Suzhou School of Mathematics and Physics Global Cultures and Languages Hub Chinese Cultural Teaching Centre Physical Education Centre XJTLU Entrepreneur College (Taicang) School of CHIPS Entrepreneurship and Enterprise Hub School of Intelligent Finance and Business School of Intelligent Manufacturing Ecosystem School of Internet of Things School of Robotics College of Industry-Entrepreneurs HeXie Management Research Centre Industrial Software Ecosystem Research Centre Digital Transformation Research Centre Strategic Issues of Industrial Innovation & Development Research Centre The Belt and Road Division Campus Life Campus Life Facilities & Support Library Learning Mall Museum Laboratory XJTLU Souvenir Shop Test Centres Health and Wellbeing Events Sports and Club Activities Accommodation Life in Suzhou Visit Us People of XJTLU People of XJTLU Riding the Silk Road, Suzhou to Liverpool, with a stop at XJTU 07 Aug 2026 Venturing South: the XJTLU alumni finding success in Oceania 20 Aug 2026 See all stories About About Overview & Key Facts Vision and Mission "12345" Education System History XJTLU Education + AI University Identity Professional Services Board of Directors Leadership & People Leadership Other Leaders Former Senior Staff Information & Resources Brand Resources Publications Jobs & Careers Contact Us XJTLU 20th Anniversary Visual Identity XJTLU Anthem Anniversary Events Anniversary News Feature Series Video Series Moments News News Ecosystems foster cohesion, digital intelligence unlocks new voyages, syntegration delivers great endeavours 10 Sep 2026 XJTLU adds four new programmes for 2026 15 Sep 2026 See all articles EN EN Apply Apply Quick Links XJTLU 20th Anniversary Undergraduate Programmes Master's Programmes Doctoral Programmes News I am Prospective Student Current Student Alumni Researcher Industry Partner Job Seeker Home page Entry requirements - Countries/Regions Entry requirements - Countries/Regions National/Region Qualifications (2027 entry) XJTLU welcomes applications from all over the world. If your country or region is not in the list, please visit our general entry requirements page for international students or contact us at international@xjtlu.edu.cn Africa Cameroon Cameroon Cambridge General Certificate of Education Advanced Levels (GCE A Levels) is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: GCE O Level English C Ethiopia Ethiopian Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination (ESSLCE) with an average of 70%, and 70% in relevant subjects. Ghana B in five relevant subjects on the Senior Secondary School Certificate (SSSC) or the WASSCE. English proficiency: WASSCE English C6 Kenya Grade B or 65% overall in the final year on the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KCSE), and grade B in relevant subjects. English proficiency: KCSE English C Lesotho High school qualification with an average of B, and B in relevant subjects. Mauritius GCE A Levels taken in Mauritius with BBB is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: GCE O level English C Morocco 14/20 overall in the final year on the Attestation du Baccalaureat, and 14 in relevant subjects. Namibia High school qualification with an average of B, and B in relevant subjects. Nigeria B in five relevant subjects on the NECO Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) or the WASSCE. English proficiency: WASSCE English C6 South Africa South African National Senior Certificate (SANSC) with 66665 excluding Life Orientation will be considered for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: SANSC English grade 5 Tanzania Certificate of Secondary Education (CSE) with an average of B, and B in relevant subjects. Advanced Certificate of Secondary Education (ACSE), Cambridge Overseas Higher School Certificate (COHSC), East African Advanced Certificate of Education (EAACE) with an average B will be considered for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: CSE English grade C Zambia School Certificate or General Certificate of Education with an overall grade of 4 from across at least 5 subjects, and grade 4 for relevant subjects. English proficiency: Secondary School Certificate English grade 6 Zimbabwe The ZIMSEC A Levels Certificate/Cambridge Higher School Certificate (HSC) with BBB is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: General Certificate of Education English C Asia - Central Asia Kazakhstan Oрта білім туралы аттестат (Certificate of Completed Secondary Education) with an average of 4 (out of 5), and 4 in relevant subjects. Unified National Testing (UNT) may be requested in non-standard applications. Kyrgyzstan ATTECTAT о среднем общем образовании (Certificate of Completed Secondary Education) with an average grade of 4 (out of 5), and 4 in relevant subjects. National Scholarship Test (NST) may be requested in non-standard applications. Tajikistan Certificate of Completed Secondary Education with minimum grade average of 4 (out of 5), and 4 in relevant subjects. Turkmenistan Certificate of Completed Secondary Education with minimum grade average of 4 (out of 5), and 4 in relevant subjects. Uzbekistan Umumiy o'rta ta'lim to'g'risida attestat / shahodatnoma (Certificate of General Secondary Education) with an average of 4 (out of 5), and 4 in relevant subjects. Asia - North Asia Japan Kotogakko Sotsugyo Shomeisho (Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate) with an average of 4/5 including relevant subjects, plus National Common Test for University Admissions. Mongolia Certificate of Complete Secondary Education with an average of B (or 80%), plus 80% in relevant subjects in State Examinations. University Entrance Examination (UEE) may be requested in non-standard applications. South Korea High School Certificate of Graduation with rank 5 or score 70%, and rank 5 or score 70% in relevant subjects. College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) may be requested in non-standard applications. Asia - South Asia Bangladesh Higher School Certificate (HSC) with an overall of GPA 3.5 out of 5.0, and 60% in relevant subjects. India Standard X plus XII will be considered for Year 2 direct entry: 75% or above when awarded by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) or the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE). 80% or above when awarded by an accepted State Board. English proficiency: Standard XII CBSE/CISCE English 75%. Iran High school diploma (theoretical stream) with an overall score of 14 out of 20, and 14 in relevant subjects, including three year scores and final examination scores. Nepal School Leaving Certificate (Grade XI & XII) from the National Examinations Board (NEB), with a GPA of 3.0/4.0 Pakistan Secondary School Certificate and Higher Secondary School Certificate (also known as Intermediate Certificate) with an average of 70%, and 70% in relevant subjects. Asia - South East Asia Brunei Brunei-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Advanced Levels (GCE A levels) is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Cambodia Diploma of Upper Secondary Education with an average of B, and B in relevant subjects. Indonesia Indonesian SMA with an average of 70-80% in relevant subjects in both three-year high school academic reports and final school exam, plus an official National Diploma (Ijazah). Malaysia UEC: a minimum of five subjects with at least grade B6, and at least grade B4 in Maths/Physics for our Engineering/Science programmes will be considered for Year 1 entry. The following certificates are accepted for Year 2 direct entry: UEC: a minimum of five subjects with A2 in one subject and B3 in four subjects, excluding Bahasa Malay and Book Keeping and Commerce, plus High school Graduation certificate. STPM: Grade B in three of the five subjects. English proficiency: UEC English B4 (Year 1 entry only) or SPM English CEFR B2 with at least B2 in each element Myanmar Three-year high school graduation with an average score and relevant subjects in 60%, plus Basic Education High School Examination/Matriculation Examination with a minimum score of 400 and no subjects lower than 60%. Philippines Senior High School Diploma (Academic Track) with an average of 80%, and 80% in relevant subjects. Singapore Singapore Cambridge A Levels with BBB is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: Singapore Cambridge O Level English C Thailand M6 School Leaving Certificate with an average of grade 3 and with specific subject requirements. Vietnam Bang Tot Nghiep Pho Thong Trung Hoc (Senior Secondary School Graduation Diploma) with an overall average of 7 (out of 10) with specific requirements in relevant subjects, plus National Senior Secondary School Graduation Examinations with specific requirements. Australasia Australia Successful completion of Year 12 with High School qualification and a satisfactory admission index/entrance rank ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank) with 86% is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Australian High School qualification examples: Australian Capital Territory Senior Secondary Certificate, New South Wales Higher School Certificate New Zealand National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3 is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Applicants should achieve: - 46 or more credits ranging from Merit to Excellent (excluding Learning Recognition credits), and - including three subjects at Level 3 or above, made up of 12 credits each at Excellent, and - Literacy - 10 credits at Level 2 or above, made up of 5 credits in reading and 5 credits in writing. Numeracy - 10 credits at Level 1 or above. Applicants should provide detailed description of their academic qualification. Europe Bulgaria Successfully complete Diploma za Sredno Obrazovanie with a minimum GPA 5.2 in addition to achieving an average of 5.2 in State Maturity Exams is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. France French Baccalaureat with 12 overall out of 20 with 12 in specified subjects is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: French Baccalaureat English 13 Germany Zeugnis der Allgemeine Hochschulreife / Abitur with a minimum of 2.5 overall with a minimum of 10 in two Leistungskurse (advanced) subjects is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. English proficiency: Abitur English 12 Italy Diploma di Esame di Stato with a minimum of 80% overall is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Netherlands Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) with a minimum of 7 overall out of 10 is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Poland Pass Matura (Basic and Extended level) with an average of 65% with 65% in at least two extended level subjects is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Russia Attestat o Srednem Obshchem Obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary Education) with an average grade of 4 (out of 5), and 4 in relevant subjects. Certificate of Unified State Examination may be requested in non-standard applications. Spain Successful completion of Titulo de Bachiller at an average of 7 plus any subject requirements is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Turkey A minimum score of 75% from approved schools or scores of 4/5 with minimum scores in key subjects is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. United Kingdom (UK) AS Levels will be considered for Year 1 entry. GCE A Levels with BBB or IB with 30 points are accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Middle East Azerbaijan Certificate of Complete Secondary Education with an overall average of 4.0/5.0 and excellent grades in specific subjects in diploma exams. Saudi Arabia General Secondary Education Certificate with an overall mark 75% or above, and 75% in relevant subjects. North America Canada High School Diploma will be considered for Year 2 direct entry. Examples include: British Columbia: British Columbia Senior Secondary School Diploma with grades BBBBB in Grade 12 subjects. Ontario: Secondary School Diploma OSSD with an average of 70%, including six Grade 12 U, U/C, M courses. 2-3 years of in-person on-campus study is mandatory for Year 2 direct entry. OSSD awarded outside of Canada must be from an Awarding school listed on the Canadian Government website as a school authorised to award Ontario Secondary School Diploma credits. Other provinces: Secondary/High/Senior School Diploma with 70% average and 70%, 70%, 70%, 70%, 70% in Grade 12 subjects. United States of America (USA) High School Graduation Diploma with a GPA of 3.0/4.0 or above will be considered for Year 1 entry. Students who take College Board AP Exams will be considered for Year 2 direct entry. High school graduation diploma with a GPA of 3.0/4.0 or above, plus 3 AP exams with 4,4,4. South America Brazil Certificado de Ensino Medio with grades of six, and six in relevant subjects. The Caribbean CAPE Diploma including three two-Unit level subjects (excluding core subjects) at Grade II with specific requirement in relevant subjects is accepted for Year 2 direct entry. Entry requirements may be subject to change. Scan for follow us Study Programmes Academies and Schools International Mobility e-Document Verification Admissions Undergraduate Master Doctoral Continuing Education Liverpool International Education Programme About Overview & Key Facts XJTLU 20th Anniversary Jobs & Careers News Visit and Contact Partner Universities Xi'an Jiaotong University University of Liverpool Copyright 2006-2026 Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University 苏ICP备07016150号-1 苏公网安备32059002001410号 Privacy Policy Accessibility