By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy and Cookie Policy . Cookies essential for proper functioning of the website have already been stored. We would appreciate it if you also gave your permission to store analytics cookies. Options Accept necessary Accept all Consent for the use of cookies and other tools Tools and cookies used on the website collect information about visitors in anonymized form. Your consents enable us to ensure the functioning of all website features, customize certain content specifically for you, and continuously improve the website by analyzing visits. Types of Cookies Security, full functionality, and content customization I consent to the website use of tools, including cookies, which ensure full functionality and an appropriate level of security. I understand that without this, the website cannot offer proper functioning, such as website navigation, customization of appearance, and access to specific parts of the website. Website traffic analysis I consent to the website use of tools, including cookies, which collect anonymized data about website visitors. I understand that without this, website administrators cannot analyze site traffic and usage patterns to improve the user experience on the website. Close Save Changes were successfully saved Close Go to content Home Study Research University Open search SL Switch to Slovenian language Open navigation menu Close navigation menu Study Study - Open subnavigation Bachelor's and single cycle master's study Master's study Doctoral study Lifelong learning and micro-credentials Extracurricular activities Alumni Career centres Exchanges Scholarships International students Digital UL Center Research Research - Open subnavigation Research, development and artistic activities Programmes and projects Development and development projects Ethics and integrity in research Research infrastructure Young researchers Innovation and knowledge transfer University University - Open subnavigation Faculties and academies About us Arts University press and libraries International cooperation EUTOPIA Equality and inclusion Sustainability Quality assurance Legal acts Foreign employees Press office News Events Study programmes Projects Public announcements Legal acts Contacts Close search menu Search engine on the website of the University of Ljubljana Search Breadcrumbs Home Study Bachelor's and single cycle master's study Call for enrolment Slovenian and EU citizens Citizens of non-EU countries Recognition and validation procedure Statistics Contacts Show more Candidates apply for enrolment within the deadlines and in the manner specified in the Call for Enrolment. For the first and second application deadlines, the application and admission procedure is conducted by the University of Ljubljana's Higher Education Enrolment and Information Service (VPIS), while the second application deadline for citizens from non-EU countries is managed by the faculties. Quick links Enrolment application for study Call for Enrolment 2026/2027 (in Slovenian) Call for enrolment 2026/2027 (General provisions in English) Admission procedure Author: Univerza v Ljubljani Contacts Admission procedure for the candidates with high school in Slovenia by phone: 01 2418 555 e-mail: vpis@uni-lj.si Admission procedure for the candidates with high school abroad by phone: 01 2418 585 e-mail: admission@uni-lj.si Procedure of recognition of foreign secondary school diplomas by phone: 01 2418 585 e-mail: recognition@uni-lj.si Notifications 21 September 2026 Published are the numbers of admitted applicants and the minimum admission scores in the second application round for enrolment in the first year of study in the 2026/27 academic year - Slovenian and EU citizens . 1 September 2026 Available enrolment places for citizens of non-EU countries in the second application period for enrolment in the first year of undergraduate degree programmes at the University of Ljubljana in the 2026/2027 academic year have been published. Applicants may submit an electronic application via the eVŠ web portal on 2 and 3 September 2026 . Information regarding the admissions procedure is available from the respective faculties. 1 September 2026 The number of applications received and enrolment restrictions in the second application period for admission to the first year of study in the 2026/2027 academic year for Slovenian citizens and citizens of EU Member States has been published. 27 August 2026 The number of admitted applicants and the minimum points in the first application period for enrolment in the first year of study in the 2026/2027 academic year for citizens of non-EU countries have been published. 20 August 2026 The second application period for Slovenian citizens and citizens of EU Member States for enrolment in undergraduate and integrated master's degree programmes began on 20 August 2026 and will close on 27 August 2026. Applicants can submit an electronic application via the eVŠ online portal for the available enrolment places . 24 July 2026 Published are the numbers of admitted applicants and the minimum admission scores in the first application round for enrolment in the first year of study in the 2026/27 academic year - Slovenian and EU citizens . 7 May 2026 Increase in the number of enrolment places, number of applications , and enrolment limitations for non-EU citizens for the first application period for admission to undergraduate and integrated master's degree programmes in 2026/27 14 April 2026 The number of applications and enrolment limitations for non-EU citizens for the first application period for admission to undergraduate and integrated master's degree programmes in 2026/27 is now available in English. 13 April 2026 The number of applications and enrolment limitations for Slovenian and EU citizens for the first application period for admission to undergraduate and integrated master's degree programmes in 2026/27 is now available in English. 18 February 2026 The first application period for enrolment in Bachelor's and Single Cycle Master's degree programmes opened on 18 February 2026 and will close on 18 March 2026. Applicants apply online via the eVŠ web portal . 27 January 2026 Application and admission procedure handbook for enrolment into bachelor's and single-cycle master's degree programmes of the University of Ljubljana in the academic year 2026/2027 for citizens of non-EU member states 26 November 2025 Application and admission procedure handbook for enrolment into bachelor's and single-cycle master's degree programmes in the academic year 2026/2027 for Slovenians, citizens of EU member states and Slovenians abroad Study Research University Quick links Guided tours of Provincial diet mansion University Week Press office Contact Univerza v Ljubljani Kongresni trg 12 1000 Ljubljana tel.: +386 1 241 85 00 General contacts Social media Go to Facebook page Go to Instagram page Go to Linkedin page Go to YouTube page © 2026 University of Ljubljana Index Accessibility statement Privacy and cookie policy Open the cookie settings banner Production: Innovatif (Opens in new tab) Go to the top of the page