By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy and Cookie Policy . Cookies essential for proper functioning of the website have already been stored. We would appreciate it if you also gave your permission to store analytics cookies. Options Accept necessary Accept all Consent for the use of cookies and other tools Tools and cookies used on the website collect information about visitors in anonymized form. Your consents enable us to ensure the functioning of all website features, customize certain content specifically for you, and continuously improve the website by analyzing visits. Types of Cookies Security, full functionality, and content customization I consent to the website use of tools, including cookies, which ensure full functionality and an appropriate level of security. I understand that without this, the website cannot offer proper functioning, such as website navigation, customization of appearance, and access to specific parts of the website. Website traffic analysis I consent to the website use of tools, including cookies, which collect anonymized data about website visitors. I understand that without this, website administrators cannot analyze site traffic and usage patterns to improve the user experience on the website. Close Save Changes were successfully saved Close Go to content Home Study Research University Open search SL Switch to Slovenian language Open navigation menu Close navigation menu Study Study - Open subnavigation Bachelor's and single cycle master's study Master's study Doctoral study Lifelong learning and micro-credentials Extracurricular activities Alumni Career centres Exchanges Scholarships International students Digital UL Center Research Research - Open subnavigation Research, development and artistic activities Programmes and projects Development and development projects Ethics and integrity in research Research infrastructure Young researchers Innovation and knowledge transfer University University - Open subnavigation Faculties and academies About us Arts University press and libraries International cooperation EUTOPIA Equality and inclusion Sustainability Quality assurance Legal acts Foreign employees Press office News Events Study programmes Projects Public announcements Legal acts Contacts Close search menu Search engine on the website of the University of Ljubljana Search Breadcrumbs Home Study Scholarships Students of the University of Ljubljana can apply for special scholarships from the above-mentioned foundations and institutions. More detailed conditions are listed in the individual sections. UL scholarships for international students Residency of Prof. Grega Košak For artists, designers, restorers, theorists, and researchers from around the world who would like to spend four and a half months living in an apartment in the heart of Ljubljana. Heart UL The aim of the Heart UL campaign is to raise funds for students who, due to special personal circumstances, find themselves in a financial emergency and consequently have no means of survival. State scholarships for international students Zois scholarships Zois scholarships are available for international students with evidence of a status as stipulated by the Slovenian legislation ( EU citizenship with at least 5-year preliminary residence, an EU migrant worker or an EU frontier worker in the Republic of Slovenia or a family member of that person, or a long-term resident). The Fund publishes an open call defining all requirements, procedures and the amount of scholarship grants. Open calls Every year, the Fund also publishes the number of available scholarships for international students other than students from previous paragraph. The Fund publishes the calls on its website. Scholarships to Foreign Citizens from Western Balkans for Studying in Slovenia in 2026 (380th Public Call) Scholarships for nationals of Senegal, Nepal and East Timor Scholarship for citizens of Angola (postgraduate study) Scholarship for studying Karstology Scholarships for up to 3 nationals of Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, Republic of Uganda and Republic of Rwanda (master studies) Scholarships for postgraduate (master studies) for students who have refugee status or refugee-like status from the Republic of Türkiye Scholarships for foreign nationals to study in Slovenia based on development agreements in the year 2025 (for postgraduate (master studies) are available for persons who have refugee status or refugee-like status in the Republic of Türkiye and for Palestininan nationals) Scholarships for Slovenians abroad for bachelor and master studies for academic year 2025/2026. Application is closed. The next application will be published in August/September 2026 for the following academic year. Contact Javni štipendijski, razvojni, invalidski in preživninski sklad Republike Slovenije Public Scholarship, Development, Disability and Maintenance Fund of the Republic of Slovenia Dunajska cesta 20, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia Phone: +386 1 434 10 80 Email: info@sklad-kadri.si Website: www.srips-rs.si Study Research University Quick links Guided tours of Provincial diet mansion University Week Press office Contact Univerza v Ljubljani Kongresni trg 12 1000 Ljubljana tel.: +386 1 241 85 00 General contacts Social media Go to Facebook page Go to Instagram page Go to Linkedin page Go to YouTube page © 2026 University of Ljubljana Index Accessibility statement Privacy and cookie policy Open the cookie settings banner Production: Innovatif (Opens in new tab) Go to the top of the page