For international students Today, one third of our students, including 20% of undergraduates, are international citizens and come from over 170 countries. The route to applying to Oxford is the same for all students, although it may differ from university admissions in other countries or at other UK universities. Our guidance will help you understand what to expect and navigate each stage with confidence. Applying to Oxford from outside the UK can raise additional questions, from understanding qualifications and meeting English language requirements to arranging visas and preparing to move abroad. While the admissions criteria and selection process are the same for all applicants, our tailored guidance will help you navigate each step and confidently plan your move to Oxford. Applying from abroad Everyone applying to Oxford should read our Guide for applicants carefully. In addition, international applicants should find the following information useful. Course choice Choosing what you would like to study is something you should think carefully about. Many of Oxford's courses require you to choose what you are going to major in at the time of applying. This means you will be spending several years studying this subject in depth. It is also worth bearing in mind that it is typically very difficult to change your course once at Oxford. Why not take a look at our advice and guidance on choosing what to study and visit the full list of our undergraduate courses. Remember that you cannot combine courses if they are not listed as a joint course. Your application When applying to Oxford you need to understand both the general UK application process and aspects that are particular to Oxford. The good news is that Oxford's application process is the same for all students and there is no international quota for any of our courses except Medicine (please see the guidance for international applicants for Medicine). All applicants must apply via UCAS by 15 October at 6pm UK time. Before you start your application, you will need to: Research and choose your course. Your course page will have all the application information specific to your course and is a key source of information. Check we accept your international qualifications and that you are on track to achieve the grades we require. You should also make sure you are taking any required subjects for your course. Otherwise, you will need to be prepared to undertake further study in order to make a competitive application. Decide whether to state a preference for an Oxford college or make an open application. Research the Universities and Colleges Admissions Services (UCAS) form that everyone applying to undergraduate study in the UK has to submit. Note that: Some courses require applicants to sit an admissions test so check your course page to find out if you have to arrange to take a UAT-UK test delivered online via Pearson's worldwide network of test centres. Some courses require applicants to submit written work by 10 November Oxford invites all shortlisted applicants to online interviews in December. These can take place in your school or college, your home or a similar environment where you have reliable access to the technology required and a quiet space, free from distraction. International qualifications Visit our international qualifications page to find out whether we accept your international qualification and what grades we would expect you to achieve. If we do not accept the qualifications you are taking and you would like to apply, you will need to undertake further study of qualifications that we do accept. As well as grade requirements, many courses have specific subject requirements, so please carefully read the subject requirements for your course on the relevant course page. Reporting prior academic attainment and predicted grades You do not need to have your final results before you apply to Oxford. However, for every exam you are yet to take, you will need a predicted grade. We understand that in many countries predicting grades is not part of the usual process of applying to university. Find out who will be your academic referee for your UCAS application and direct them to the advice on our teachers pages. Instead of submitting transcripts or certificates with your application to Oxford (or if studying in the US sending any scores via the College Board), you should self-report all details of your qualifications, standardised test scores, and grades on the UCAS application form under 'Education'. Please visit the UCAS application section of our Guide for applicants for further details. You will only need to produce certificates or transcripts if you are offered a place. Transferring from another university If you are currently studying at a university either in the UK or outside, and are thinking of applying to Oxford to start the first year of an undergraduate course, please note that normally we will only consider such applications in exceptional circumstances and you should make very clear in your application why you do not wish to continue on your current course. Please note we are not able to give examples of these exceptional circumstances as applications will be considered on a case-by-case basis. English Language Requirements and Visas If English is not your first language you may also need to meet our English language requirements. Oxford's undergraduate courses are demanding, and you will need to demonstrate that you have a high level of proficiency in English to take up a place here. To meet the English language requirements for your offer to the University you must, where applicable, receive all qualifying test component scores (Reading, Writing, Listening and Speaking) from the same session; we will not consider scores from multiple sessions ('superscoring'). See the list of certificates which we do and do not accept. All courses now require the higher level of ability in English. You do not need to have evidence of your English Language proficiency when you make your UCAS application. If you are offered a place, you will need to show the correct level of proficiency by 31 July in the year you receive your offer. Note this deadline applies even if you are not due to start your course until the following October. Selection criteria Applications are assessed by our tutors using the selection criteria for each course.