International qualifications All applicants must meet their course's qualification requirements to accept an offer at Oxford. While A-levels are common, a wide range of UK and international qualifications are accepted. International applicants must hold, or be predicted to achieve, an approved qualification, and should check any course-specific subject requirements, especially for science courses. Qualification requirements In order to take up the offer of a place to study here, all applicants must meet the qualification requirements of their course. Many students who apply to Oxford are taking A-levels but we also accept a whole range of other equivalent UK and international qualifications. If you are an international student wanting to apply to Oxford, you need to have achieved - or be expected to achieve - one of the accepted qualifications listed on this page. There are also specific subject requirements for some courses, particularly in the sciences, so please check the requirements for your course. Key information Why some qualifications are listed as not accepted We monitor international qualifications and compare them to our standard A-level and IB admissions requirements. Where a qualification's status is listed as 'not accepted', this means that it does not currently meet this equivalent standard and cannot be used to meet the standard offer for entry onto an Oxford undergraduate degree. Similarly, where a country is not listed on this page, this means that the school-leaving qualifications from that country do not currently meet our admissions requirements. If you have a query regarding a qualification not listed here, you are welcome to contact us. What to do if your qualification is not accepted or is not listed If your qualification is not accepted, then you will need to undertake further study if you wish to apply. You can take any of the qualifications on this page which are listed as accepted as well as our accepted UK qualifications. Taking one of these accepted qualifications will help you make the most competitive application, rather than seeking to qualify through attending the first year of university elsewhere. Transcripts and declaring international qualifications in your UCAS application Please do not submit any transcripts or certificates with your application to Oxford, and if you have US qualifications, do not send any scores via the College Board. You will only need to produce certificates or transcripts if you are offered a place here. Transfers and applying while studying at an international university Oxford University does not accept transfer students. If you wish to follow an undergraduate course here, then you would need to start the course from the beginning. Vocational and technical qualifications Because of the academic nature of the undergraduate courses at Oxford, vocational and technical qualifications may not provide the most suitable preparation. International cross-border qualifications International Baccalaureate A total score of 38, 39 or 40 points (depending on the course) including core points, with 6s and 7s in subjects taken at the Higher level. Please visit the individual course pages for details. IB Career-related Programme The University does not accept the IB Career-related Programme. European Baccalaureate An average of 85% or above, with scores of between 8 and 9 in subjects specified at A-level or equivalent. Visit your course page or our admission requirements table for further information about specified subjects. International A-levels International A-levels (offered by Cambridge Assessment International Education, Pearson Edexcel and OxfordAQA) are recognised as equivalent to UK GCE A-levels on a grade-for-grade basis. IGCSEs You do not need GCSEs (or IGCSEs) in order to apply to Oxford. The admissions requirements for Oxford are based on A-levels or equivalent qualifications. These are a stage higher than GCSEs and IGCSEs. All applicants for Oxford must be taking either A-levels or an accepted equivalent qualification: accepted international qualifications are listed on this page. MOOCs The University does not accept MOOCs as qualifications on which to base an application, as the majority of MOOCs are not accredited. Foundation year courses Competition is very strong for places at Oxford. Although a foundation year course may be accepted in certain circumstances, we recommend taking different qualifications in order to make the strongest application. This is especially true if your chosen course has specific subject requirements. You can check these requirements on the course page. Qualifications reviewed by country Below are the international qualifications Oxford have reviewed to date, listed alphabetically by country. For each qualification, we state whether or not it is accepted for entry onto our undergraduate courses. Advice on what to do if your qualification is not accepted or not listed can be found above. Kazakhstan Status Qualification Not accepted Attestat/Svidetel' stvo o Srednem Obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary Education) Kyrgyzstan Status Qualification Not accepted Certificate of Completed Secondary Education Uzbekistan Status Qualification Not accepted Attestat o srednem obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary Education)