English language and visa requirements As well as meeting our academic requirements for undergraduate study, international applicants must also ensure they meet any relevant English language and visa requirements. If you are offered a place, you will need to show the correct level of proficiency by 31 July in the year you receive your offer. English language requirements Oxford's teaching is academically rigorous and places significant emphasis on close reading, analytical writing and sustained critical discussion. Students are expected to engage with complex texts, construct well-supported arguments and contribute thoughtfully in tutorials and seminars. A high level of English proficiency is therefore essential from day one to meet these academic requirements. Accepted qualifications and required scores Test Score Component scores Oxford Test of English (Advanced) 165 Minimum 155 per component IELTS We recommend that you take the IELTS Academic option. The IELTS General, IELTS UKVI General and IELTS Life Skills options are not suitable for admission; we are not able to accept IELTS Online. The IELTS UKVI Academic test can be accepted but is not recommended, as this is more expensive than the IELTS Academic test and is not offered in as many countries or centres worldwide so it may be difficult to book an appointment. This UKVI version of the test is required for students taking courses below degree level but is not required for courses at degree level or above and IELTS recommend that university applicants do not apply for this version of the test as it will fill up spaces required by other students (below degree level) who do have to take this version of the test. 7.5 Minimum 7.0 per component TOEFL / TOEFL iBT Home Edition TOEFL tests taken up to and including 20 January 2026 are accepted. TOEFL Essentials and TOEFL ITP are not accepted. NB. TOEFL tests taken from 21 January 2026 are not accepted and do not meet the English language condition. Changes to the TOEFL iBT test were introduced on 21 January 2026 and are currently under review by the University. 110 Minimum component scores: Listening: 22 Reading: 24 Speaking: 25 Writing: 24 C1 Advanced (formerly known as Cambridge English: Advanced or CAE) 191 Minimum 185 per component C2 Proficiency (formerly known as Cambridge English: Proficiency or CPE) Pearson PTE Academic NB. Pearson PTE Academic Online (which was available until 2024 but has now been withdrawn) is no longer accepted. If you are an offer holder and have taken this qualification, please contact the college that has made your offer. 76 Minimum 66 in Speaking, Listening, Reading and Writing. We do not require particular scores in the Enabling Skills. Trinity Integrated Skills in English (ISE) ISE III with distinction in all skills or ISE IV with pass in each section International Baccalaureate (for those not being taught in English) English B with a score of 7 at HL European Baccalaureate English at L1 or L2 with 70%. Possible exemptions If your first language is English and you have always been a resident and citizen of a majority English-speaking country recognised by UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) you do not need to demonstrate your level of English. Other exemptions from this English Language requirement will be considered for those who: are studying (or have completed) the International Baccalaureate programme, if it is taught in English; are studying (or have completed) the Singapore Integrated Programme (SIPCAL); have been educated full-time in English for at least the two most recent years before applying and who remain in full-time education in this language until completion of their schooling. This means that a minimum of three years of your most recent education must have been in English before the start of your Oxford course. If you believe that you meet one of the criteria for an English language proficiency waiver, please complete this form and send it to the college that has made your offer. Qualification deadline You do not need to have evidence of your English Language proficiency when you make your UCAS application. If you are offered a place, you will need to show the correct level of proficiency by 31 July in the year you receive your offer. Note this deadline applies even if you are not due to start your course until the following October. Superscoring To meet the English language requirements for your offer to the University you must, where applicable, receive all qualifying test component scores (Reading, Writing, Listening and Speaking) from the same session; we will not consider scores from multiple sessions ('superscoring'). Visa requirements Most international students coming to the University to study a full-time course of more than six months must apply for and obtain a Student visa before arriving in the UK to start the course. If you require a student visa, the University will vouch for your English language ability on your CAS (Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies) provided you have achieved the University's required results in one of the English language tests accepted by the University or you have been granted an English language test waiver by your college. When submitting your student visa application, you will not be required to provide additional evidence of your English language ability. Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) If you receive an offer to study a 4-year course in Physics or Materials, you will also need to apply for and be granted ATAS clearance before you can apply for a visa. This may take several months so you should apply as soon as possible after your offer and your college will provide you with the information needed.