Oxford bursaries and scholarships The following page contains information about Oxford's non-repayable bursaries and scholarship programmes for students starting in October 2027, along with external scholarships that may be available. Other Oxford scholarships There are a small number of other centrally administered scholarships available for undergraduates and these are summarised below. For further details of each scheme, click on the name of the scholarship. Applications for these scholarships for 2027-entry are due to open in January 2027. Scholarship Eligibility Award and application deadline Hill Foundation Scholarship Students must be nationals of and ordinarily resident in the Russian Federation wishing to study for a second undergraduate degree. Course fee and an annual grant towards living costs. 12 noon (UK time) on 26 January 2027 Reach Oxford Scholarship Students from low-income countries. Course fee, annual grant towards living costs and one return air fare per year. 12 noon (UK time) on 26 January 2027 Simon and June Li Undergraduate Scholarship Students must be ordinarily resident in an eligible country and hold an offer for a three-year or a four-year course within the Social Sciences Division. Fees, funding and scholarship search The Fees, funding and scholarship search provides a comprehensive list of awards being offered by the colleges, departments and faculties. Crankstart Scholarships for UK students If you are a UK-resident studying for your first undergraduate degree and your annual household income is £32,500 or less, we will offer you a Crankstart Scholarship. Oxford Bursaries for students with Home fee status If you are a UK student, or a Republic of Ireland (ROI) national living in the UK or Ireland, from a lower-income household studying for your first undergraduate degree and are not eligible for, or do not take up, a Crankstart Scholarship you will be eligible to receive an annual non-repayable Oxford Bursary to help with the costs of studying and living in Oxford.