Skip to main content Main Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Find the program that's right for you Find your program Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Online Sessions Upcoming Events Connect with us Sign-up to receive more information about U of T Apply Requirements Canadian Students International Students Other Pathways English Language Requirements Applying How to Apply Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Transfer Credits Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards Awards Profile Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Start your application Ready to apply? Here's how to get started Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges See our student life in action Join us for a campus tour Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Get to know U of T Browse our viewbooks Search this site Breadcrumbs Home / Finances / Scholarships / International Students / Pearson International Student Scholarships Lester B. Pearson International Student Scholarships Join a global community of exceptional changemakers. The Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship is the university's most prestigious award for international students. It recognizes outstanding academic achievement, creativity and leadership potential. Become a Pearson Scholar For outstanding leaders Pearson Scholars demonstrate exceptional academic achievement, creativity, and potential to contribute positively to the global community. Full 4-year scholarship for international students One of our most competitive scholarships, the Pearson Scholarships cover tuition, books, incidental fees, and full residence support for four years. Nominated by your high school High schools can only nominate one student per year. The Lester B. Pearson International Scholarships is one of the largest scholarship programs for international students in Canada. 37 scholars annually $12M+ funding in 2024 188 countries represented Become a Pearson Scholar To become a Pearson Scholar, you need to be nominated by your school and apply to undergraduate studies at the University of Toronto. Follow these steps to get started. BEFORE YOU APPLY Confirm your eligibility To be eligible to apply to the Pearson International Scholarship, you must be: an international student (i.e. a non-Canadian requiring a study permit); enrolled in your final year of senior secondary school in 2026/2027 or have graduated no earlier than June 2026; and beginning your studies at the University of Toronto in September 2027. Students who are already attending post-secondary studies or students who are starting their post-secondary studies in January 2027 at U of T or another post-secondary institution are not eligible for the Pearson International Scholarship. JUL - OCT Your high school nominates you Ask your guidance counsellor, principal or head of school if your school is eligible to nominate students for the Lester B. Pearson International Student Scholarship. Schools that have previously participated will receive access to the nomination form beginning July 6, 2026 . The deadline to nominate a student is October 9, 2026 . If your school has not yet participated, they can apply to join the program by noon (EST) October 9th 2026. Sep - Oct Apply to study at U of T To be considered for the Pearson Scholarship, you must apply to at least one undergraduate program at the University of Toronto. You must begin your studies in September 2027. The deadline to apply for admission to U of T and be considered for the Pearson Scholarship is October 16, 2026 . Please note: You may apply to up to three areas on your application for admission; however, the Pearson Scholarship, if awarded to you, would be restricted to your top choice of program at the time our scholarship decisions are made. Oct - Nov Submit your Pearson Scholarship application You will receive a private link to the Lester B. Pearson International Student Scholarship application when you have been nominated by your school. You will be able to complete this form after you have submitted your application for admission to U of T. The deadline to complete the Pearson International Scholarship application and submit all required documentation is November 6, 2026 . Fraud alert The University of Toronto has been alerted to fraudulent emails that offer to assist students with applications to our Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship program. Please note the Lester B. Pearson Scholarship Program at the University of Toronto does not interact with agencies or educational "agents" to recruit students or offer scholarships. Please be cautioned against any agents providing false acceptances or requiring fees for unaffiliated third parties. Pearson Scholarship recipients can only be nominated by their current secondary school through our online process and the scholarship is available only to undergraduate degree applicants. Protect yourself from fraud More details about the Pearson International Student Scholarships Award value The Pearson International Student Scholarships cover tuition, books, incidental fees and full residence support for four years. The scholarship is tenable only at the University of Toronto for first-entry, undergraduate programs. Each year approximately 37 students will be named Pearson Scholars. Pearson Program Office The Pearson Program Office housed within the Centre for International Experience (CIE) offers different enrichment and support programs for Pearson Scholars currently studying at U of T. Important dates and deadlines School nomination deadline: October 9, 2026 Student OUAC admission application deadline: October 16, 2026 Student scholarship application deadline and documentation submission deadline: November 6, 2026 Meet with Pearson Scholars Learn more about our scholars Meet the 2026 Pearson Scholars Meet the 2025 Pearson Scholars Meet the 2024 Pearson Scholars Meet the 2023 Pearson Scholars Questions We're here to help! For questions about applying to the Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship, please visit our Pearson Scholarship Inquiry Form . Resources for counsellors, principals & heads of school We value our relationships with counsellors, principals and heads of schools around the world. We've prepared resources and answers to commonly asked questions about the Lester B. Pearson International Scholarships to help you advise your students. Expand All How do I nominate a student? High schools already verified by University Admissions & Outreach and the University Registrar's Office will be contacted by email each July with a personalized, secure nomination form. If your school has not been verified, please submit an application to participate in our program. Once your school is verified, we will provide you with your school's nomination form and next steps. When can I nominate student? Nominations will be accepted beginning July 1, 2025. This year's deadline to nominate a Pearson Scholar is October 10, 2025. Can I nominate more than one student? Schools can nominate one student per year. The Pearson International Student Scholarships are designed to recognize outstanding students from around the globe, so part of the selection process involves your school choosing your top candidate for nomination. We encourage schools to nominate the student that best exemplifies the qualities of a Pearson Scholar. When will my student nominee receive a decision? Pearson Scholarship recipients will be notified starting at the end of January 2026. All nominees will be notified of our decisions by April 2026. Can I nominate a student even if they haven't applied to U of T? Yes, you can nominate a student who has not yet applied for admission to U of T; however, in order to submit the scholarship application, students must apply for admission to U of T. I have more questions-whom can I contact? We're here to help. If you have any questions about the Pearson International Student Scholarship, submit them through our inquiry form. Our team will get back to you as soon as possible. Can my nominee use generative AI to compose their scholarship application? The use of generative artificial intelligence (AI) tools, such as ChatGPT and other AI applications, is prohibited when creating content for any University of Toronto undergraduate award application. Nominees and applicants found to have used generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) to create content will be disqualified from award eligibility. For information on academic integrity at the University of Toronto, visit our Academic Integrity website. Footer navigation Accessibility Visit utoronto.ca Social follow links © 2026 University of Toronto. 25 King's College Circle, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 1A1 Mobile Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Search Search Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Search Search Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Search Search Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Search Search Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Search Search Online Sessions Upcoming Events Search Search Apply Requirements Canadian Students Canadian High School Canadian University or College Canadians Living Abroad Search Search International Students International High School Students High School Requirements by Country Search Search U.S. High School Students U.S Patterned High School Students Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination (CAPE) Students International University or College Students Search Search Other Pathways Non-Degree Students Pathway Programs Visiting Students Mature Students Search Search English Language Requirements English Language Transition Programs Search Search Search Search Applying How to Apply Protect Yourself From Fraud Search Search Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines Canadian Living in Ontario Canadian Living Outside Ontario International Search Search Search Search After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Waitlist Search Search Transfer Credits High School Transfer Credits University & College Transfer Credits Search Search Search Search Search Search Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards President's Scholars of Excellence Program U of T Scholars Program Search Search Awards Profile Search Search Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Search Search Search Search Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Search Search Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges Search Search Search Search Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Search Search Search Search