Skip to main content Main Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Find the program that's right for you Find your program Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Online Sessions Upcoming Events Connect with us Sign-up to receive more information about U of T Apply Requirements Canadian Students International Students Other Pathways English Language Requirements Applying How to Apply Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Transfer Credits Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards Awards Profile Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Start your application Ready to apply? Here's how to get started Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges See our student life in action Join us for a campus tour Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Get to know U of T Browse our viewbooks Search this site Breadcrumbs Home / Apply / Requirements / English Language Requirements English Language Requirements English is the language of instruction and examination at U of T, and success in our degree programs requires a high level of English language proficiency. See accepted tests Who needs to provide proof of English proficiency? If English is not your first language (i.e. is not the first language you learned at home as a child), you will need to provide evidence of adequate English facility for admission consideration, unless you qualify for an exemption. Exemptions from our English language requirement You may qualify for an exemption from the English facility requirement if one of the following applies to you: You have completed/are completing four or more years of full-time study in a recognized Canadian school (in Canada) that teaches in English You have completed/are completing four or more years of full-time study in an English language school located in a country where the dominant language is English Your first language is French and you have completed four or more years of full-time study at a Canadian school If you meet any of the exemption criteria, you can request an English language test exemption after you apply. Once you receive your application acknowledgement email, you'll be able to access the "English Language Test Exemption Request Form" on the Join U of T applicant portal. English course requirement for admission All applicants, including those who must present proof of English facility, are required to present a senior level English course (equivalent to Ontario ENG4U/EAE4U) for admission to all undergraduate programs. The English course result will be considered in the admissions process and calculated as part of an applicant's admission average. Accepted English proficiency tests or qualifications If you are required to present evidence of English language facility, you can satisfy the requirement by completing one of the tests/qualifications listed below with acceptable results. Expand All Cambridge English C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency Requirements A minimum overall score of 180, with at least 170 in each component. For information, visit the Cambridge English website . Results from the B2 First exam are not accepted (regardless of the result achieved). Submitting results Use the "Send Your Result" function of the Candidate Results portal to send your results electronically to the University of Toronto. Canadian Academic English Language Assessment (CAEL) including CAEL Online Requirements The minimum score required to meet our English facility requirement is an overall score of 70 and no part below 60. For information, visit the CAEL website . Submitting results Sign in to your CAEL Account and select University of Toronto as a recipient institution. Results are transmitted to us electronically. Caribbean Examinations Council English courses Requirements The minimum requirement is a final grade of A (I) or B (II) in CSEC English. Submitting results Upload a copy of your Statement of Results (issued by CXC) to the Join U of T applicant portal or the Engineering Applicant Portal. Duolingo English Test Requirements The minimum requirement for tests completed on or after July 1st, 2024 is an overall score of 120 with a score of 120 in Production. For more information, visit the Duolingo English Test website . Submitting results To avoid processing delays, do not send your results until you have received your U of T applicant number. To send your results, log in to your Duolingo English Test account and use the "Send Results" function to forward your results to "University of Toronto - Undergraduate". You will be prompted to add your U of T applicant number to your request. English Language Diagnosis and Assessment/Certificate of Proficiency in English (ELDA/COPE) Requirements The minimum requirement is a total score of 86, with 32 in Writing and 22 in each of Reading and Listening Discretionary Range: total score 80 or higher, with 32 in Writing and 22 in each of Reading and Listening Test results that fall into the discretionary range will be reviewed automatically. Applicants will be notified if their discretionary range score satisfies the English language requirement. As we cannot guarantee that these scores will be accepted, it is recommended that applicants arrange to take another test if the official results can be submitted to us by the appropriate document deadline. ELDA/COPE is currently available in Toronto only. For information, visit the COPE Testing website . Submitting results Results must be sent to us electronically by the testing service. GCSE/IGCSE/GCE/AICE English Requirements A minimum final grade of "B" ("6" in reformed qualifications) in GCSE/IGCSE/GCE Ordinary Level English, English Language, or English as a Second Language; OR a minimum final or predicted grade of "C" in GCE A Level/AS Level/AICE English or English Language. Note that English as an Additional Language and English Literature are not accepted. Submitting results Final results should be sent to us directly by the appropriate examination authority. Predicted results should be sent by your school. International Baccalaureate (IB) English Requirements The minimum requirement is a score of at least 4 (predicted or final) in Higher or Standard Level English A: Literature or English A: Language and Literature. IB English B HL with a score of 7 is also acceptable. Submitting results Final results should be sent to us directly by the International Baccalaureate Organization. You can make your request online at ibo.org (select "University of Toronto" as the transcript recipient). Predicted results should be sent by your school. IELTS Academic (including IELTS Online) Requirements The minimum requirement is an overall band of 6.5, with no band below 6.0. Results from IELTS (Academic) for UKVI test sittings are accepted. For information, visit the IELTS website . Note: We do not accept the IELTS Indicator test or results from the IELTS One Skill Retake. Applicants must achieve the scores listed above on a single date. Submitting results We only accept scores submitted electronically by the IELTS test centre. An institutional code is not required. Contact your IELTS test centre directly to arrange for your scores to be sent electronically to our account via the IELTS Results Service. All test centres worldwide are able to transmit your scores to our system. You must provide the following information to your test centre when submitting: IELTS Results Service Account name: University of Toronto - Undergraduate and Graduate Programs IELTS Results Service Account address: 172 St. George St., Toronto ON M5R 0A3 Ontario College of Applied Arts and Technology Requirements The minimum requirement is a three-year/Advanced Diploma or current enrolment in the final semester of a three-year/Advanced Diploma or Applied Degree program with overall standing of "B+". A current, updated transcript is required. All three or four years of study must be completed in Ontario. Submitting results Official transcripts must be sent to us directly by the OUAC. Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic Requirements The minimum requirement is an overall score of 65 with no part below 60. Results from PTE (Academic) UKVI test sittings are accepted. For more information, visit the Pearson Test of English website . Submitting results We only accept scores submitted electronically through myPTE account. For more information, visit the PTE Help Center: Scoring page . TOEFL iBT (including Home Edition and Paper Edition) Requirements The minimum requirement is an overall score of 4.5 with 4.5 in Writing and 4.0 in Speaking. For applicants who completed the test before January 21, 2026 , the minimum requirement is a total score of 89 with 22 in each of Speaking and Writing. Applicants must achieve the scores listed above on a single date. TOEFL MyBest (super-scored) results will not be used. We do not accept TOEFL Essentials, TOEFL ITP or TOEFL ITP Plus for China for admission purposes. Submitting results Results must be sent to us electronically from ETS - TOEFL. The institution code is 0982-00. For information, visit the TOEFL website . University of Toronto School of Continuing Studies "Academic English" course Requirements The minimum requirement is a grade of "B" at the 60/Advanced level. For information, visit the University of Toronto School of Continuing Studies website . Submitting results Upon successful completion of the Academic English Level 60 course, you must ask the English Language Program office to send the results electronically to the Office of University Admissions and Outreach. University Studies Requirements The minimum requirement is one year of full-time study completed at a recognized university in a country where English is the dominant language. At least four full-year transferable courses completed with a grade of "C" in each are required. Courses in progress will also be considered. A current, updated transcript is required. Submitting results Official final transcripts should be sent to us directly by the university, or through the OUAC if you attended university in Ontario. Don't meet our English language requirement? If you're academically qualified but don't yet meet our English language requirement, our English language transition programs can help. Offered on all three campuses and ranging from six weeks to eight months, these programs build your English skills and prepare you for university studies. Browse our English language transition programs Submitting your results Your results need to be sent to us as soon as possible and received no later than your deadline for submitting supporting documentation- find the appropriate deadline in Important Application Dates and on your applicant portal. You will not be penalized for an unacceptable result, so we encourage you to send all test results as they become available. We accept only official test scores sent directly to University Admissions & Outreach by the testing agency. Be sure that you register for a test using the same first name, surname (last/family name) and date of birth as on your application for admission. We cannot match your results to your application if this information differs. For verification purposes, the university reserves the right to share English facility test results sent in support of your application for admission with other English facility test provider(s) who have submitted results to University Admissions & Outreach on your behalf. We also reserve the right to require recent, government-issued photo identification for verification purposes. Countries that may qualify for exemption You may qualify for an exemption if you have studied in English (for at least four years) in any of the following countries/territories: Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Australia Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda Botswana British Virgin Islands Cameroon Cayman Islands Dominica Eswatini (Swaziland) Falkland Islands Fiji Gambia Ghana Gibraltar Grenada Guam Guyana Ireland Jamaica Kenya Lesotho Liberia Malawi Malta Mauritius Montserrat Namibia New Zealand Nigeria Papua New Guinea St. Helena St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Vincent and the Grenadines Scotland Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Solomon Islands South Africa Tanzania Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda United Kingdom (England, Northern Ireland, Wales) United States of America Vanuatu Zambia Zimbabwe Please note that this list is for information only. Your eligibility for an exemption will be determined after you have submitted your application for admission and relevant supporting documents like your transcripts. Frequently asked questions Expand All Can I submit my Grade 12 English course instead of a language test? No. A senior-level English course is required for admission, but it does not meet the English language proficiency requirement. If you're required to provide proof of English facility, you must do so using an accepted test or qualification. Can I send my test scores myself? No. Be sure to carefully follow the instructions-test scores must be sent directly to the University of Toronto by the testing agency. Scores submitted by the applicant or their school will not be accepted. What happens if I don't meet the minimum test scores? Meeting our language requirement is a condition for admission. If you don't meet the required scores but are otherwise admissible, you may be considered for one of our English Language Transition Programs. Do I need to meet the English requirement if I'm a transfer student? Yes. All applicants, whether entering from high school, college or university, must meet the English language proficiency requirement, unless they qualify for an exemption. Footer navigation Accessibility Visit utoronto.ca Social follow links © 2026 University of Toronto. 25 King's College Circle, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 1A1 Mobile Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Search Search Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Search Search Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Search Search Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Search Search Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Search Search Online Sessions Upcoming Events Search Search Apply Requirements Canadian Students Canadian High School Canadian University or College Canadians Living Abroad Search Search International Students International High School Students High School Requirements by Country Search Search U.S. High School Students U.S Patterned High School Students Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination (CAPE) Students International University or College Students Search Search Other Pathways Non-Degree Students Pathway Programs Visiting Students Mature Students Search Search English Language Requirements English Language Transition Programs Search Search Search Search Applying How to Apply Protect Yourself From Fraud Search Search Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines Canadian Living in Ontario Canadian Living Outside Ontario International Search Search Search Search After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Waitlist Search Search Transfer Credits High School Transfer Credits University & College Transfer Credits Search Search Search Search Search Search Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards President's Scholars of Excellence Program U of T Scholars Program Search Search Awards Profile Search Search Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Search Search Search Search Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Search Search Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges Search Search Search Search Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Search Search Search Search