Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to footer Language switcher Español Undergraduate Admission Desktop Header Navigation Applicant Login Request Information Main navigation Apply First-Years Transfers Personal Insight Questions Majors Minors Transferring Credits Explore Academics Campus Life Belonging Clubs & Organizations Housing & Dining Los Angeles & Westwood Internships & Experiential Learning Study Abroad Research Student Outcomes Visit Campus Tours Events Maps & Parking Tuition & Aid Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Net Price Calculator Admitted Students First-Year New Student Checklist Transfer New Student Checklist Contact Search Search Breadcrumb Home Apply International Applicants Students come from all over the world to attend UCLA. Indeed, part of what makes UCLA great is the wide variety of experiences and backgrounds our students bring to our campus community. Each year we admit students from nearly 90 countries. UCLA is truly an international institution located in one of the world's most international cities. Read on to learn more about being an international applicant. Academic Requirements As an undergraduate, you may apply for admission as a first-year or a transfer student. You're a first-year applicant if you completed secondary school and have not enrolled in a regular session at any college or university. UCLA does not admit students into any undergraduate program who already hold Bachelor's degrees, nor do we admit students who have the equivalent of three years (130 quarter-units or more) of transferable university work. You may not disregard your college record and apply as a first-year. Transfer applicants need to be at the junior level, that is, have taken college level coursework amounting to 90-130 quarter (60-90 semester) units of credit. UCLA gives preference to students transferring from California community colleges, including international students. Historically, three out of four admitted international transfers were attending a California community college when they applied. To learn more about applying, including important dates and deadlines, visit the first-year or transfer page. Education System Requirements Depending on your country and educational system, you may have to meet additional admission requirements. Learn more about country-specific requirements . Language Requirements for International Students English language proficiency is critical to your success at UCLA. If all of your high school/secondary school education was completed in English, you are considered proficient and do not need to satisfy this requirement. However, if you've completed all or some high school or secondary school in a country where English was not the language of instruction, you will be required to demonstrate English proficiency if you have had less than 3 years of instruction in English. To demonstrate English language proficiency, students are required to take the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), the International English Language Testing Service (IELTS), or the Duolingo English Test . We look for competitive English proficiency scores, including a TOEFL iBT score of 5 or higher (with sub-scores of 5 or higher) on the revised scale (effective January 21, 2026), or above 100 (with sub-scores above 24) on the previous 120-point scale, as well as 7.5 or above on the IELTS or 135 or higher on the Duolingo English Test (DET). Current Applicants: TOEFL, IELTS, and DET scores can be updated post-submission directly through the UC Application website . Note that while official test scores are not required to be sent along with the application for our review process, all test information must be accurately self-reported on the application site no later than January. You may send your TOEFL scores to one UC campus, and all campuses you apply to will receive them. Conversely, IELTS and DET results must be sent to each campus you apply to. DET scores must be submitted through the DET testing portal . Be sure to include your UC Application ID when sending DET scores. If you're admitted to UCLA and your native language is not English, we may also require you to take UCLA's English-as-a-Second-Language Placement Examination (ESLPE) immediately before the term in which you enter. If your score indicates a weakness in English, several terms of your program may include special courses in English for international students. If your score shows that you are seriously deficient, you'll be required to gain proficiency in English before you're allowed to pursue your studies at UCLA. Financial Information UCLA does not award scholarships or financial aid to undergraduate students who are not citizens or permanent residents of the United States. International students must prove that they have sufficient funds available to them to pay for their educational and living expenses. For example, students admitted to Fall Quarter 2026 will need a minimum of about $80,739 (with an additional $5,000 recommended for additional personal expenses, contingencies and summer expenses). This minimum amount usually grows each year. UCLA also requires that all international students on non-immigrant visas have adequate medical insurance during all periods of enrollment. More information about these requirements will be sent to students when they are admitted. Learn more about tuition Transcripts and Official Records We require records from the secondary schools you have attended that show subjects taken and grades received, as well as any national or government certificates earned. Documents of all college or university coursework must also be sent in the original language, along with English translations. Please do not send these documents now. If you apply and are admitted, your admission packet will have instructions. Message About Agents and Consultants UCLA Undergraduate Admission does not partner with agents to represent the University or to administer any part of the application process. The engagement of agents or private organizations for the purpose of recruiting or enrolling international students is not endorsed by UCLA. UCLA expects an application to be the work of the student and any deviation violates University policy which may lead to rejection of application materials, revocation of an admission offer, cancellation of admission, or involuntary withdrawal from the University. There is no formula for gaining admission to UCLA. Students with vastly different credentials come from thousands of secondary schools across the country and around the world. What unifies our students are the talents they bring to UCLA and their passion to explore all that UCLA has to offer. Admitted International Students If you're an international student who has already been admitted, visit the UCLA Dashew Center for International Students and Scholars to find out more about the international community UCLA. Resources Undergraduate Admission YouTube Channel Watch videos from admission staff to learn more about UCLA and the application process. As another resource, you can find the same information in our International Admission Guide (PDF) . Sidebar navigation First-Years Transfers International Supplemental Applications Personal Insight Questions Majors Minors Transferring Credits Reporting Changes Frequently Asked Questions Where do I report my official external exams? Please report your results in the "International External Exams" section of the UC Application. Are SAT or ACT exams an admission requirement for international students? UCLA does not consider SAT or ACT scores for admission or scholarship purposes. Students are not asked to provide these scores on the UC application, as they will not be reviewed or taken into consideration. Can I use my SAT or ACT scores to demonstrate English Language Proficiency? The most common exams we receive to demonstrate English proficiency are TOEFL, IELTS and DET. To be as competitive as possible for admission to UCLA, we highly recommend taking one of these exams and achieving the recommended scores outlined in our International Admission Guide. As UCLA is test-free, we do not encourage using SAT or ACT scores to demonstrate English proficiency. I attended school for 13 years in a foreign country. How do I fit my years of schooling into the five columns provided? If you attended school outside of the U.S. where the primary and secondary education totals 13 years, list your 13 year of coursework in the 12th-grade section and work backward through the 11th to 8th-grade sections. Will I be considered a domestic or international applicant if I am a U.S. citizen but attended an international high school? At UCLA, an international student is defined as someone who requires an F-1 visa to study in the United States. For application review purposes, all students are evaluated within the context of the educational curriculum they are currently enrolled in, regardless of their citizenship. What are the average grades for admitted transfer and first-year international students? For the profile of admitted students, you can visit the first-year profile page and the transfer profile page. I am an international student who has dreamed of attending UCLA. Is there financial aid available to assist me in covering my educational expenses? UCLA doesn't provide funding to international students at the undergraduate level. Regulations of the U.S. Department of Immigration and Customs Enforcement require that persons entering this country on a student visa demonstrate that they have sufficient funds available to them to support their living and education expenses. You may find the following scholarship search sites helpful: IEFA International Scholarships International Student You should also consider contacting your consulate as there may be scholarships you're eligible for through your home country. Learn more from UCLA Dashew Center for International Students & Scholars Learn more about UCLA Hear more about events in your area, application deadlines and more. Request Information 1147 Murphy Hall, Box 951436 Los Angeles, CA 90095-1436 Footer Menu Column One Maps & Parking Campus Tours Admission Events Virtual Tour Column Two Publications Contact Us Mobile Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads ©2026 Regents of the University of California Emergency Security & Fire Safety Accessibility Privacy & Terms of Use Desktop Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads