Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to footer Language switcher Español Undergraduate Admission Desktop Header Navigation Applicant Login Request Information Main navigation Apply First-Years Transfers Personal Insight Questions Majors Minors Transferring Credits Explore Academics Campus Life Belonging Clubs & Organizations Housing & Dining Los Angeles & Westwood Internships & Experiential Learning Study Abroad Research Student Outcomes Visit Campus Tours Events Maps & Parking Tuition & Aid Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Net Price Calculator Admitted Students First-Year New Student Checklist Transfer New Student Checklist Contact Search Search Breadcrumb Home Apply First-Year Applicants Applying to college is exciting but going through the process can bring up a lot of questions. We're here to help you along the way. This page will take you through the basics and lead you to the detailed information you need. Beginning Your Application You may apply for admission as a first-year if you meet the following criteria: You're currently in high school. Or, you've already graduated from high school, but haven't yet enrolled in a regular session at a college or university. To begin the application process, use the University of California's online application (UC Application). Take me to the UC Application Admission Considerations and Requirements There are a wide variety of factors we consider when admitting our newest Bruins each year. We seek students whose personal stories and rich experience bring the type of perspective and leadership that we value. We seek intellectually curious students who have grown through their academic work and are ready to both contribute to and benefit from the UCLA community. Ours is a highly selective admission process but know that we read every application closely and seek to know our applicants as best we can before making our final admission decisions. When you apply for admission, we consider your accomplishments both in and outside of the classroom. In fact, there are 13 criteria that our faculty have approved for first-year admission consideration. Among the factors we consider are: Strong academic performance in a rigorous high school program. Special talents, awards or accomplishments. Meaningful insights about yourself when answering the personal insight questions. We are often asked what the difference is between meeting the UC admission requirements and being "competitive." Our most successful applicants go beyond minimum requirements and seek to challenge themselves to grow both in and outside of the classroom. To learn more about this and all things first-year requirements, use the link below. Learn more about first-year requirements Comprehensive Review We know that every potential first-year has a story that goes beyond their grade point average. Using a process called comprehensive review, we carefully balance many factors to gain a complete sense of every applicant's achievements. We take into account how hard you've worked to take advantage of the opportunities you've had to excel, extracurricular activities and your community. Some factors are more easily quantifiable than others, but you should understand that we use the full range of factors made available to us through comprehensive review in evaluating and admitting first-years each year. Among these factors are: Grades and GPA (4.0 average unweighted GPA for Fall 2025 admits) Rigor of your high school curriculum Leadership and involvement outside of the classroom Your own accomplishments, life experiences and circumstances See the full first-year profile Dates and Deadlines You can start working on your application in your senior year when it becomes available on August 1. Applications can be submitted October 1-December 1. August 1 UC application opens October 1 - November 30 Application filing period October 1 Filing period expected to be available on or before October 1 for Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and Dream Act Application for all applicants; filing period opens for GPA Verification Form (required for California residents only for Cal Grant consideration) Late March Admission notification March 2 Deadline for applicants to submit their financial aid application (FAFSA), Dream Act, and Cal Grant GPA verification forms May 1 Deadline to submit your enrollment deposit and application for on-campus housing. July 1 Send your final, official transcripts to admissions. They must be postmarked or electronically submitted on or before July 1. July 15 Official AP, IB examination results must be sent to admissions. Test scores must be postmarked or electronically submitted on or before July 15. UCLA does not offer early action or early decision for any applications. Also, we are on the quarter system calendar and only accept applications for the fall term. Choosing a Major College is a time of discovery and self-discovery - and deciding on your major involves both. For first-years applying to a major in UCLA's College of Letters and Science, choice of major will neither enhance nor diminish your prospects for admission. In fact, a large number of first-year applicants apply as "undeclared." Learn more about majors Supplemental Applications Some of our majors outside of the College may require applicants to submit a supplemental application directly to that school. These supplemental applications and supporting materials help the faculty in those schools to evaluate applicants for admission to their program. Those schools are listed below: School of the Arts and Architecture Herb Alpert School of Music School of Nursing School of Theater, Film and Television Applicants must list majors in these schools as their first-choice major when completing the UC application. Applicants who select programs in these schools as their alternate major will be reviewed for their primary major only. Learn more about supplemental applications IGETC IGETC was designed primarily for California community-college students transferring into UCLA to clear lower-division general-education requirements. For first-year students, UCLA will honor full IGETC certification if the requirements are completed before entering the university. Partial IGETC/Partial Cal-GETC will not be accepted for first-year students. Tips to Become UCLA Ready Our mission as a university can be described in three words: education, research and service. We value students who seek academic excellence, get hands-on to solve problems and strive to give back to their community. Challenge yourself with classes beyond the minimum requirements. Stay focused on getting the best grades possible. Develop your leadership skills and style. Explore extracurriculars to determine your passions. Stay sharp with apps designed to test your math abilities. Spend time making your community a better place. Read! Reading increases your knowledge and improves writing ability. Find more tips for grades 8-11 Additional Links Transferring Credits Reporting Changes to Applications Resources Undergraduate Admission YouTube Channel Watch videos from admission staff to learn more about UCLA and the application process. As another resource, you can find the same information in our First-Year Admission Guide (PDF): English or Spanish . Sidebar Navigation First-Years First-Year Requirements First-Year Profile Choosing a Major Transfers International Supplemental Applications Personal Insight Questions Majors Minors Transferring Credits Reporting Changes Learn more about UCLA Hear more about events in your area, application deadlines and more. Request Information 1147 Murphy Hall, Box 951436 Los Angeles, CA 90095-1436 Footer Menu Column One Maps & Parking Campus Tours Admission Events Virtual Tour Column Two Publications Contact Us Mobile Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads ©2026 Regents of the University of California Emergency Security & Fire Safety Accessibility Privacy & Terms of Use Desktop Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads