Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to footer Language switcher Español Undergraduate Admission Desktop Header Navigation Applicant Login Request Information Main navigation Apply First-Years Transfers Personal Insight Questions Majors Minors Transferring Credits Explore Academics Campus Life Belonging Clubs & Organizations Housing & Dining Los Angeles & Westwood Internships & Experiential Learning Study Abroad Research Student Outcomes Visit Campus Tours Events Maps & Parking Tuition & Aid Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Net Price Calculator Admitted Students First-Year New Student Checklist Transfer New Student Checklist Contact Search Search Breadcrumb Home Apply First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements In addition to your UC application, we take both your academic record and your personal experiences into consideration during the review process . At UCLA, we seek students who have excelled academically and gained valuable perspective from the personal experiences that have helped shape their lives. Read on to find out more. The Criteria We Consider When reviewing an application, we implement a holistic review process, which includes looking at some of the following criteria: Achievement in high school or college coursework Personal qualities Likely contributions to the intellectual and cultural vitality of our campus Achievement in academic enrichment programs Other achievements in any field of intellectual or creative endeavor, including the performing arts, athletics, community service, etc. Academic Preparation You must complete 15 A-G courses with at least 11 courses finished prior to the beginning of your last year of high school. To be competitive in the UCLA admission process, applicants should present an academic profile much stronger than any minimum UC admission requirements. See below for a listing of the A-G requirements: 2 years history/social science 4 years of college-preparatory English 3 years of mathematics (4 years recommended) 2 years of laboratory science (3 years recommended) 2 years of language other than English (3 years recommended) 1 year of visual and performing arts (if available) 1 year of college-preparatory elective Keep in mind that there is no single academic path we expect all students to follow. However, competitive applicants earn high marks in the most rigorous curriculum available to them. Each application for admission is reviewed within the context of courses available to that student. If a particular required subject is not available, we'll consider your application without it. Calculate your GPA Standardized Testing (SAT/ACT) UCLA will not consider SAT or ACT scores for admission or scholarship purposes. If you choose to submit test scores as part of your application, they may be used as an alternative method of fulfilling minimum requirements for eligibility or for course placement after you enroll. UCLA's ACT number: 0448 UCLA's College Board (SAT) number: 4837 Explore requirements for international students Personal Insight Questions These personal questions are just that - personal. This is your chance to augment the information elsewhere in your application and give us more insight into you during the review process. Our hope is to hear your true, authentic voice in your responses. As a first-year applicant, you may respond to four of eight questions. Each response is limited to a maximum of 350 words. Which questions you choose to answer is entirely up to you. You should select questions that are most relevant to your experience and that best reflect your individual circumstances. Learn more about the personal insight questions Side navigation First-Years First-Year Requirements First-Year Profile Choosing a Major Transfers International Supplemental Applications Personal Insight Questions Majors Minors Transferring Credits Reporting Changes Frequently Asked Questions What's the difference between meeting UC admission requirements and being "competitive"? Because we receive more applicants than we have room to accept, admitted students usually have academic achievements far higher than the minimum requirements. So, to be "competitive" is to be among the strongest achieving students to apply. Is it better to take a regular level course and get an A or take an AP course and get a B? We look for students who take advantage of the academic opportunities available to them. If you have advanced courses, we encourage you to take advantage of them. The University of California adds extra weight to grades received in UC-certified honors, AP, IB and transferable college courses. Where do I send transcripts or letters of recommendation? We do not require or accept letters of recommendation in our process and we do not collect transcripts at the point of application . However, once admitted, students are required to submit official transcripts f rom any high school or college they have attended . Some professional schools may request a letter of recommendation as part of their supplemental application process. Do you offer admission interviews? We do not offer admission interviews. Applicants are considered for admission based upon the information they submit in the UC application . However, some majors in our specialty schools require a supplemental application as part of their admission process. Supplemental applications may involve an audition, portfolio submission and/or letters of recommendation. Find out more from the supplemental applications page. Supplemental Applications I'm getting involved in a lot of extracurricular activities and sometimes I can't keep up with my classes. Won't my activities make up for any drop in my grades? Of course, a strong academic performance combined with sustained, meaningful involvement in extracurricular activities is the ideal. But if it comes down to a choice between excelling in your coursework or your extracurricular activities, choose your academics. Does UCLA accept IGETC for incoming first-years? UCLA will honor full IGETC certification from a first-year student if the requirements were completed before entering UC. Partial IGETC, however, will not be accepted from entering first-years at any UC campus and IGETC is not recommended for applicants to the School of Engineering. Learn more about UCLA Hear more about events in your area, application deadlines and more. Request Information 1147 Murphy Hall, Box 951436 Los Angeles, CA 90095-1436 Footer Menu Column One Maps & Parking Campus Tours Admission Events Virtual Tour Column Two Publications Contact Us Mobile Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads ©2026 Regents of the University of California Emergency Security & Fire Safety Accessibility Privacy & Terms of Use Desktop Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads