Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to footer Language switcher Español Undergraduate Admission Desktop Header Navigation Applicant Login Request Information Main navigation Apply First-Years Transfers Personal Insight Questions Majors Minors Transferring Credits Explore Academics Campus Life Belonging Clubs & Organizations Housing & Dining Los Angeles & Westwood Internships & Experiential Learning Study Abroad Research Student Outcomes Visit Campus Tours Events Maps & Parking Tuition & Aid Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Net Price Calculator Admitted Students First-Year New Student Checklist Transfer New Student Checklist Contact Search Search Breadcrumb Home Tuition & Aid Financial Aid & Scholarships When you're admitted to UCLA, you and your family might have a lot of questions about how you'll cover the costs of tuition, housing and other necessities. UCLA is dedicated to helping each family create a strategy that works for them. Thanks to the numerous financial aid options available, a UCLA education can be surprisingly affordable. Applying for Financial Aid The first step to aid consideration is completing a financial aid application by the March 2nd priority filing deadline. If you are a U.S. citizen or a Permanent Resident, you should complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA is used to determine eligibility for federal, state, and institutional aid. If you are NOT a U.S. citizen or Permanent Resident, but graduated from a high school in California, then you should file a CA Dream Act Application (CADAA) and must be AB540 eligible. The CA Dream Act application is used for state and institutional aid. Learn more about the AB540 criteria requirements at Nonresident Supplemental Tuition Exemptions . Complete the FAFSA Apply for the CA Dream Act UCLA Financial Aid and Scholarships Basics UCLA is committed to helping students finance their education. UCLA Financial Aid & Scholarships works closely with all students who need financial assistance. A Bruin Financial Aid Letter generally consists of a combination of scholarships, grants, low-interest loans, and work-study programs for the academic year. Here are a few resources to help you understand the process: Paying for UC Four Types of Financial Aid Paying for your education should be a partnership between the student, your family, the government, and UCLA. Here are the various ways you can cover your UCLA education. 1. Scholarships UCLA offers financial support that may be awarded based on need, academic merit, your background, specific talents or professional interests. Scholarship search and application guidance 2. Grants Grants are a type of financial aid that recipients do not have to repay. Sources include funding from the federal and state governments, as well as UCLA. Most are awarded based on need and require submission of the FAFSA or CADAA by the priority deadline. Explore grant programs available at UCLA . 3. Loans In 2025, graduating seniors in the U.S. had an average student loan debt of $39,000. However, for UCLA seniors, the average was much lower - just $19,000. And nearly all UCLA graduates - 99% of them - successfully manage loan repayment. Students have a variety of borrowing options available so you are encouraged to research your options carefully. Federal student loans are not credit-based and have terms set by the Department of Education. Interest paid on student loans is tax-deductible. There are flexible payment options, and repayment can be delayed until after the student's graduation on federal and institutional loans. Parents have the option to take out a low-interest educational loan from the government and a private loan from a bank or other private lenders. The terms for federal parent loans are determined by the Department of Education. Federal parent loans are not based on credit scores but adverse credit can impact eligibility. Loan payments can be postponed until after the student graduates. Interest paid on parent loans is tax-deductible. Learn about federal student and parent loan options 4. Part-Time Student Jobs A part-time job can help pay for textbooks and day-to-day living expenses. Each year nearly 8,000 UCLA undergraduates work on campus part-time. Some students have the designation of being eligible for work-study awards, which can make it easier to find a position, on campus or off. Learn about part-time student jobs What Parents Can Do to Help Financially Parents have access to a number of resources, including some that offer tax benefits. Savings Accounts and Tax Benefits Some families set up special college savings accounts, such as Coverdell Education Savings Accounts and 529 plans , which enable them to put away money for college tuition and related expenses. Families can also withdraw money from their 401(k) or 403(b) retirement savings accounts. Withdrawals are penalty-free when the money is used to pay for education. The government offers tax benefits and credits for higher education. For details, check your tax preparation software or ask your tax preparer. Additional Ways to Save Money and Manage Out-of-Pocket Expenses Reduce the time involved in earning a degree by taking more than the minimum courses required per term and/or attending summer school. Did you know that out-of-state students do not pay Nonresident Supplemental Tuition in the summer? Explore all the different housing options available to you - on campus, off campus or commuting from home. When selecting a meal plan for on-campus housing, consider your habits and ask yourself what you really need. Where book expenses are concerned, the UCLA Store is committed to offering the best value for students and now offers a flat price for all books each quarter program. When it comes to transportation, many students ask if they need to have a car on campus. Most first-year students do not need a car, especially given parking limitations on campus. Many students utilize public transportation and ridesharing, which helps save money and the environment. BruinPay Plan When you enroll at UCLA, you're eligible to apply for the BruinPay Plan . This plan allows students and families to pay each academic quarter's tuition and fees in three installments throughout the term. Where to Go for More Information We are dedicated to helping make your UCLA education affordable. If you have questions about financial aid, please contact UCLA Financial Aid & Scholarships . Side navigation Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Net Price Calculator Frequently Asked Questions How does financial aid work? If you're left with unanswered questions after reviewing the information on this page, check out the UC site's "how it works" page. Visit UC Site When will I receive my Bruin Financial Aid letter? After you are admitted to UCLA, Financial Aid & Scholarships will provide you with a Bruin Financial Aid Letter that will inform you of your eligibility for grants, scholarships, loans and campus work programs. Your Bruin Financial Aid Letter is provided at the time of your admission. Find out more about notification of eligibility Will my financial aid package cover my non-resident fees? Yes, your financial aid notification will offer assistance to cover your total Cost of Attendance. This will primarily consist of Federal Parent and/or Private Loans. If I am a non-resident student, can I appeal and be assessed California resident tuition? You must be a California resident to be assessed in-state tuition. Visit the Registrar's webpage for information on establishing California residency for tuition purposes. See UC residency requirements Will a scholarship award affect my financial aid? UCLA Financial Aid & Scholarships will adjust your financial aid award to incorporate your scholarships. Typically, scholarships are used to replace federal work-study and/or need-based student loans. This helps reduce your student loan indebtedness at graduation. If my family's financial circumstances change after we apply for aid, can UCLA take these changes into consideration? If you or your parent/guardian's financial situation changes after you apply or at any time during the academic year, you may submit a Projected Year Income Appeal along with supporting documentation via the Bruin Financial Aid Portal Learn more about the process via UCLA Financial Aid & Scholarships Appeals webpage . If I receive a better financial aid award from another university, can UCLA match the other school's offer? Unfortunately, UCLA isn't able to negotiate our financial aid awards in response to offers from other universities. If the other school has information about your family's financial situation that you didn't share with us, or if you have reason to believe we made an error in our assessment of your award, please contact UCLA Financial Aid & Scholarships to discuss a possible re-evaluation. Learn more about UCLA Hear more about events in your area, application deadlines and more. Request Information 1147 Murphy Hall, Box 951436 Los Angeles, CA 90095-1436 Footer Menu Column One Maps & Parking Campus Tours Admission Events Virtual Tour Column Two Publications Contact Us Mobile Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads ©2026 Regents of the University of California Emergency Security & Fire Safety Accessibility Privacy & Terms of Use Desktop Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube TikTok Threads