International Applicants Your Guide to Applying to UCLA You can see your future from here. Located in a beautiful and safe neighborhood in one of the world's great cities, UCLA is a major research university with a long standing tradition of academic and research excellence. Consistently ranked in the top tier of national and international universities and powered by extensive resources, UCLA graduates enjoy high rates of admission to the world's top graduate and professional schools, and are well prepared for service to society. We hope that you will look closely at the opportunities awaiting you as an undergraduate student at UCLA. Fall 2026* UCL A First-Year Admit Profile International Applicants 24,728 Total Applicants 3.97 Average GPA Unweighted 8% Acceptance Rate 114 Average TOEFL All Applicants 146,693 Total Applicants 3.96 Average GPA Unweighted 11% Acceptance Rate N/A Average TOEFL *Admit figures as of mid-summer No single attribute or characteristic guarantees the admission of any applicant to UCLA. General Application Tips The University of California's online application (UC Application) is used to apply to UCLA and all University of California campuses. Find the application at: admission.universityofcalifornia.edu/apply-now.html. Students applying t o the following professional schools at UCLA are required to submit, in addition to the UC Application, a supplemental application: Arts and Architecture; Music; Nursing; and Theater, Film and Television. Letters of recommendation and interviews are not accepted at UCL A. UCLA uses self-reported academic information when making a pr eliminary assessment of your application for admission. In completing your application, you must list all courses and grades from all schools and universities you have attended. Please report all external exam results in the "International External Exams" s ection of the UC Application. If your school releases predicted exam results, you may report them in the same section. The predictions will be used in your application review and we expect you to perform at the same standard. All upcoming external exams such as AP/IB/GCSEs/A levels reported on your applic ation must be taken as listed. We perform a holistic review of all applicants to UCLA in which all your achie vements - both academic and nonacademic/personal - are considered in the context of your educational circumstances, with an emphasis on the opportunities or challenges presented to you and your response to them. Printed July 2026 Estimated Costs* for Academic Year 2026-2027 Undergraduate Student Budget University Fees $16,430 Food & Housing $19,867 Books, Course Materials, Supplies, and Equipment $1,588 Transportation $969 Personal $2,761 Health Insurance† $3,885 Total - CA Residents $45,500 Nonresident Supplemental Tuition $39,270 Total - Nonresidents $84,770 * For most current information, visit: admission.ucla.edu/tuition-fees † UC resident tuition is determined only after admission. For mor e information, visit: registrar.ucla.edu/fees-residence/residence-requirements Academic Preparation We understand that UCLA's subject requirements may be difficult for some international students to complete due to differences in national curriculum. All applications are reviewed within the context of courses available to students. Education System Requirements Refer to UC application for country/curriculum requirements. Please visit: admission.universityofcalifornia.edu/admission-requirements/international-applicants Personal Insight Questions (PIQs) The University's PIQs are about getting to know you better. For more information, visit "Worksheet for Freshman Applicants" on the University of California website at: admission.universityofcalifornia.edu Testing Requirements UCLA does not consider SAT or ACT for admission or scholarship. English Proficiency: Students who have completed all of their secondary school in a country where English is not the language of instruction, as well as students who have had less than three years of instruction in English, will need to demonstrate English proficiency. • Duolingo English Test (DET) A competitive score is 135 or higher. • Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) A score of 5 (on new scale) or 100 or higher (on old scale). "My B est Score" will not be considered or allowed, and students may not report the super-score on their UC Application. • International English Language Testing System (IELTS) A competitive score is 7 .5 or higher. NOTE: In or der for your test s cores to be available in time for our review, all tests must be completed by application deadline. Dates & Deadlines August 1: Application opens for Fall 2027 October 1-November 30: Application submission window for fall 2027 . UCLA does not offer early action/early decision November 30: Deadline to submit your application Late March: Admission notification (first-year) Late April: Admission notification (transfer) May 1: Deadline to submit your enrollment deposit (first-year) June 1: Deadline to submit your enrollment deposit (transfer) Contact & Resources UCLA Undergraduate Admission 1147 Murphy Hall, Box 951436 Los Angeles, CA 90095-1436 www.admission.ucla.edu Sign-up for UCLA mailing list: connect.admission.ucla.edu/ register/getconnected Dashew Center for International Students & Scholars [DCISS] 106 Bradley Hall Los Angeles, CA 90095-1379 www.internationalcenter.ucla.edu As a land grant institution, UCLA acknowledges the Gabrielino/Tongva peoples as the traditional land caretakers of Tovaangar (Los Angeles basin, Southern Channel Islands). UCLA Undergraduate Admission @uclaadmission