News Jobs at CAU Request information Press Center Admissions About Faculty Academic Programs Live & Work Research Erasmus+ Job Openings Contacts News & Events SDG Phone: +998 71 200 05 22 APPLY NOW Admissions About Faculty Academic Programs Live & Work Research Erasmus+ Job Openings Contacts News & Events SDG Admission Statistics Tuition Fees Scholarships for Current Students Scholarships for 2026 Entry Exam Samples Transfer Admissions Admission Regulations International Students Facilities Career Center CAU Projects Students' Council Academic Support Student Clubs Undergraduate Programs Postgraduate & Professional Programs Be Student Preparatory Program Board of Trustees Corporate Identity Our Values News Events International Relations Your essential guide to tuition, visas, registration, and life at CAU Information for International Students Discover everything you need to know as an international student planning to come to the Uzbekistan. Whether you're coming for the first time, returning for postgraduate, or are still waiting to make a decision, our guidance below can help you prepare as best you can for life in the Uzbeki. #1 Private University 250+ Qualified teachers 15 Academic Programs 17% International Students Your Guide to Studying at CAU A Guide to CAU Tuition Fees Learn about our tuition fees, including the special rates available for students from Central Asia How to Apply for a CAU Scholarship Learn how first-year students can get scholarships covering up to 100% of tuition fees for the 2025-2026 academic year The CAU Student Visa Process, Explained A step-by-step guide to the student visa, including how to get the required TELEX NUMBER from the admissions team First Week Checklist in Uzbekistan Your guide to mandatory 3-day stay registration and mobile phone (IMEI) registration upon arrival What is a PINFL and Why You Need One All international students need a PINFL for legal residence. Learn what it is and how to apply A Look at Our International Business Dual Diploma Explore our exclusive International Business (CAU & CBS Dual Diploma) program for globally-minded students. International Student Support at CAU At Central Asian University, we are committed to supporting our international students with programs that help them feel welcomed, confident, and connected. Throughout the year, the CAU Student Well-Being Department organizes events and activities that make student life meaningful, inspiring, and enjoyable. High Quality We are a leading firm in providing quality and value to our customers. We like what we do. We like to make people happy. Unique Experience Each member of our team has at least 5 years of legal experience. They use their knowledge to make our clients' life better. Good Support Our managers are always ready to answer your questions. You can call us during the weekends and at night. Day of Spirituality and Enlightenment Every Friday, CAU organizes cultural activities, quizzes, and interactive sessions that promote moral values, unity, and cultural understanding among students. Nations Day A large annual celebration where international students present their cultures, traditional dishes, clothing, and performances, transforming the CAU campus into a vibrant cultural festival. Student-Led Cultural Events Throughout the year, CAU students participate in various activities such as festivals, competitions, performances, and community gatherings that build friendships and strengthen the sense of belonging. Address: 264, Milliy bog St, Tashkent, 111221, Uzbekistan Phone: +998-71-200-05-22 Email: info@centralasian.uz Admissions Be Student Program Tuition Fees Scholarships for Current Students Scholarships for 2026 Entry Exam Samples Transfer Admissions DEPARTMENTS School of Engineering School of Business School of Medicine School of Dentistry School of Hospitality & Tourism Architecture & Design School Medical Residency About Us Board of Trustees Our Values News & Events Facility Corporate Identity Research Cau Projects Press Service Jobs at CAU Erasmus+ Privacy Policy