Skip to navigation | Skip to main content | Skip to footer Home Study Undergraduate Undergraduate Courses Prospectus (undergraduate) Applying (undergraduate) Offer-holders Fees and funding (undergraduate) Widening participation programmes Study experience (undergraduate) Student support (undergraduate) Contact us (undergraduate) Taught master's Taught master's Courses Admissions (taught master's) Fees and funding for taught master's study Why should I study a master's? Teaching and learning (taught master's) Meet us (taught master's) Student support (taught master's) Why Manchester? (taught master's) Contact us (taught master's) Postgraduate research Why Manchester? (postgraduate research) Research areas Postgraduate research Programmes People (postgraduate research) Admissions (postgraduate research) Fees for postgraduate research Funding for postgraduate research Contact us (postgraduate research) Postgraduate certificates and diplomas Online and blended learning Continuing professional development courses Student terms and conditions, policies and procedures Student life Campus spaces Student experience City guide Open days Campus tours Accommodation Get ready for Manchester Virtual Manchester Making a payment International Why study at Manchester? (for international students) Accommodation for international students English education system International admissions Finance and scholarships for international students Study abroad and exchange Country-specific information Exhibitions and visits in your country Contact the international team Research Research highlights Advanced materials - research highlights Biotechnology - research highlights Cancer - research highlights Energy - research highlights Global inequalities - research highlights Research structure Research institutes Research platforms Research facilities Our Faculties Research strategy and achievements Research Explorer Researchers Publications Projects Research impact and innovation REF 2021 (research) Research impact showcase (research) SDG campaign (research) Research partnerships Postgraduate research Bicentenary PhD Studentships and Fellowships Researcher development Research environment Research vacancies Collaborate Business engagement and knowledge exchange Innovation Factory Policy Innovation Festival Make a donation Inspiring local communities Global influence About Our story Strategy to 2035 University structure People Key dates Rankings Our campus Maps and travel Open to the public (visitor attractions) Facilities Conference venues Our bicentenary year History and heritage Social responsibility Teaching and learning excellence Environmental sustainability News Events The University Magazine Governance Privacy information Connect Jobs Alumni Teachers and careers advisers Social media Contact us Give Close menu Share via Share by Email Share via Facebook Share via Facebook Messenger Share via Twitter Share via LinkedIn Share via Pinterest Share via Reddit Share via Weibo Search Search text Alternatively, use our A-Z index Close menu Home Study International students International admissions Undergraduate application process Undergraduate entry requirements Home Study International students International admissions Undergraduate application process Share Home Study International students International admissions Undergraduate application process Undergraduate entry requirements Application process for undergraduate courses If you are an international student about to make an application to The University of Manchester for undergraduate study, here's what you need to know. University and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS) All UK and international students must apply for undergraduate courses through UCAS. The University of Manchester's UCAS code is M20 MANU . Please note that UCAS charges an application fee. Visit the UCAS website for more information and to apply to The University of Manchester. Application dates and deadlines Each year you can apply via UCAS from early September for entry the following year. For example, if you want to begin studying in September 2026, you can apply from 2 September 2025. The final deadline for international student applications is 30 June 2026. However, there is also an equal consideration deadline on 14 January 2026 (6pm, UK time) and we strongly encourage you to apply before this date as some courses fill up quickly. If you're applying for Medicine or Dentistry courses, the deadline is 15 October 2026 (6pm, UK time) for September 2024 entry. Unfortunately, Medicine and Dentistry courses are not usually available through UCAS Extra or Clearing. Find all UCAS dates and deadlines on the UCAS website . Tracking your application When you've completed your application, UCAS forwards it to us. It's then sent to the Admissions Officer of the course you have applied for. You can keep track of the progress of your application on the UCAS website. We consider each application very carefully and will contact you by post when we've made a decision. If your application is successful, we'll make you an offer of a place. This offer will be one of two different types: Conditional (C) - you'll be able to study your chosen programme if your examination results are suitable. Unconditional (U) - you'll be able to study without any further requirements or conditions. After you've received your offer, you should confirm your acceptance by using the UCAS procedure of firmly (F) accepting your place. You do not need to know your examination results to do this. Applying for accommodation If you receive an offer from us, we'll also send you information on how to apply for accommodation. You should apply for accommodation as soon as possible. Deferred entry Many subject areas allow applications from students who would like to defer their entry by one year, especially if they're using the time to gain skills that will help them in their studies. If you would like to defer, please check that deferred entry is allowed before submitting your UCAS application. Educational advice in your country In some countries, we have a network of educational advisers that are officially recognised by the University. They can help you in the preparation and submission of your application. Find out if we have an adviser in your country . Short-term study abroad in Manchester If you're an international student and want to undertake short-term study in Manchester, you don't need to apply through UCAS. Instead, you should follow our guidance on study abroad programmes . Contact us +44 (0) 161 306 6000 Contact details Find us The University of Manchester Oxford Road Manchester M13 9PL UK Connect with us Social media directory Disclaimer Data Protection Copyright notice Web accessibility Freedom of information Charitable status Royal Charter Number: RC000797