Skip to navigation | Skip to main content | Skip to footer Home Study Undergraduate Undergraduate Courses Prospectus (undergraduate) Applying (undergraduate) Offer-holders Fees and funding (undergraduate) Widening participation programmes Study experience (undergraduate) Student support (undergraduate) Contact us (undergraduate) Taught master's Taught master's Courses Admissions (taught master's) Fees and funding for taught master's study Why should I study a master's? Teaching and learning (taught master's) Meet us (taught master's) Student support (taught master's) Why Manchester? (taught master's) Contact us (taught master's) Postgraduate research Why Manchester? (postgraduate research) Research areas Postgraduate research Programmes People (postgraduate research) Admissions (postgraduate research) Fees for postgraduate research Funding for postgraduate research Contact us (postgraduate research) Postgraduate certificates and diplomas Online and blended learning Continuing professional development courses Student terms and conditions, policies and procedures Student life Campus spaces Student experience City guide Open days Campus tours Accommodation Get ready for Manchester Virtual Manchester Making a payment International Why study at Manchester? (for international students) Accommodation for international students English education system International admissions Finance and scholarships for international students Study abroad and exchange Country-specific information Exhibitions and visits in your country Contact the international team Research Research highlights Advanced materials - research highlights Biotechnology - research highlights Cancer - research highlights Energy - research highlights Global inequalities - research highlights Research structure Research institutes Research platforms Research facilities Our Faculties Research strategy and achievements Research Explorer Researchers Publications Projects Research impact and innovation REF 2021 (research) Research impact showcase (research) SDG campaign (research) Research partnerships Postgraduate research Bicentenary PhD Studentships and Fellowships Researcher development Research environment Research vacancies Collaborate Business engagement and knowledge exchange Innovation Factory Policy Innovation Festival Make a donation Inspiring local communities Global influence About Our story Strategy to 2035 University structure People Key dates Rankings Our campus Maps and travel Open to the public (visitor attractions) Facilities Conference venues Our bicentenary year History and heritage Social responsibility Teaching and learning excellence Environmental sustainability News Events The University Magazine Governance Privacy information Connect Jobs Alumni Teachers and careers advisers Social media Contact us Give Close menu Share via Share by Email Share via Facebook Share via Facebook Messenger Share via Twitter Share via LinkedIn Share via Pinterest Share via Reddit Share via Weibo Search Search text Alternatively, use our A-Z index Close menu Home Study International students International admissions Undergraduate application process Postgraduate application process Language requirements Foundation courses Visa guidance Home Study International students International admissions Language requirements Share Home Study International students International admissions Undergraduate application process Postgraduate application process Language requirements Foundation courses Visa guidance English language requirements Applicants from outside the UK usually need to meet specific English language requirements in order to study at The University of Manchester. UK Visas and Immigration requires that every student requiring a visa to study in the UK must show evidence of a minimum level of English language (Common European Framework (CEFR) B2 level) in order to be granted a Student Route visa (previously known as a Tier 4 visa) to study at undergraduate or postgraduate level. In addition, our academic Schools may require applicants to demonstrate English proficiency above B2 level, as the academic content of a UK degree can be linguistically demanding. Academic English entry requirements vary by course, and can be found on individual course profiles . If required to offer an acceptable English language test (see below), please note that unless explicitly stated otherwise on this webpage, acceptable English language tests (such as IELTS, TOEFL, Pearson and Trinity ISE etc) are deemed to be valid for two years after the test date, and must be valid on the start date of the course, which is the first day of Welcome Week. For the relevant semester dates, please visit our key dates page . Majority English-speaking countries For Student Route visa purposes, the UKVI has a prescribed list of Majority English-speaking countries (this list is not defined by The University of Manchester). If you are a national of one of the following countries (or have a bachelor's degree or higher from one of these countries) you may be exempt from submitting further evidence of English language proficiency: Antigua and Barbuda Australia the Bahamas Barbados Belize Dominica Grenada Guyana Ireland Jamaica Malta New Zealand St Kitts and Nevis St Lucia St Vincent and the Grenadines Trinidad and Tobago UK USA You also do not need to prove your knowledge of English if one of the following applies: you're a national of Canada; you're applying to come to the UK for a study abroad programme as part of a university degree course in the USA. Acceptable English language tests For courses below degree-level A UKVI-approved Secure English Language Test (SELT) is required if you are joining a course below degree-level, including: separate/non-integrated foundation courses; separate/non-integrated Pre-Sessional English courses; separate/non-integrated English for Academic Purposes courses. These are taken in person in a UKVI-approved secure English language testing centre. The UKVI-recognised SELTs are: IELTS Academic (UKVI) ; Pearson PTE Academic (UKVI) . We do not accept Pearson PTE Academic Online or Pearson PTE Academic Home; LanguageCert International ESOL (UKVI) - 4-skill (tests ceased in December 2024); LanguageCert Academic SELT . We accept test centre invigilated only, not the online test; Trinity College London Integrated Skills ISE - ISE II, ISE III or ISE IV (when taken at a UK SELT-approved centre). Please note that IELTS, Pearson and Trinity ISE are only valid for two years after the test date. For entry to degree-level study or higher We accept a wide range of tests if you are joining a degree-level course or above, including: an undergraduate degree; a postgraduate degree; an integrated course with a joint CAS (where a foundation year or pre-sessional English course are part of the full bachelor's degree). Please note: a UKVI-approved test or Secure English Language Test (SELT), as defined above, is required for a joint CAS, for example IELTS UKVI version. Some of the most common tests include: IELTS Academic and IELTS UKVI , which we accept. We accept IELTS One Skill Retake of these two tests only; We accept in-person IELTS tests taken in official IELTS test centres only; We do not accept IELTS General, IELTS Home, IELTS Indicator, IELTS Life Skills, IELTS Online or any other IELTS test; Candidates should be careful to note that IELTS Academic , which is acceptable, is a different type of assessment to "IELTS Online", which we do not accept. To avoid confusion, even though IELTS online is aligned to IELTS Academic, kindly note that it is not accepted by The University of Manchester. Please be careful when selecting the appropriate IELTS test. Pearson PTE Academic (UKVI and non-UKVI versions). We do not accept Pearson PTE Academic Online or Pearson PTE Academic Home; Test-centre invigilated LanguageCert Academic SELT or test-centre invigilated LanguageCert Academic non-SELT ; Trinity College London Integrated Skills ISE - ISE II, ISE III or ISE IV - paper or digital, taken at a test centre in the UK or internationally. We do not accept online / home-based tests; Cambridge Advanced (CAE/C1 Advanced) and Cambridge Proficiency (CPE/C2 Proficiency); TOEFL iBT. We do not accept TOEFL iBT Special Home Edition . TOEFL iBT scores from tests taken before January 21, 2026 must meet current 0-120 requirements; scores from after this date will be reviewed case-by-case using ETS equivalency tables. Please note that IELTS, Pearson, TOEFL and ISE are only valid for two years after the test date. English language requirements Each course and programme we offer has its own requirements in terms of English test scores. Please refer to the course profiles for details of specific English language scores that are acceptable for entry. Although score requirements vary by course, typical scores for entry to Manchester are summarised below (sub-skill scores may also apply): IELTS overall score 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5+ TOEFL iBT (note, we do not accept TOEFL iBT Home) 72 80 90 100 109-120 TOEFL iBT (1-6 scale) (note, we do not accept TOEFL iBT Home) 4 (including at least 4 in all skills) 4.5 (including at least 4.5 in all skills) 4.5 (including at least 4.5 in all skills) 5 5.5 LanguageCert Academic (SELT or Non-SELT) 60 67 71 75 81+ Pearson Test of English - PTE Academic/PTE Academic UKVI (we do not accept PTE Online) 59-63 64-69 70-75 76-78 79+ CAE or CPE 162-168 169-175 176-184 185-190 191-230 ISE II (accepted for foundation courses only) Pass in each section NA ISE III Pass in each section Merit or above in each section Check with academic School ISE IV Pass in each section Trinity ISE (0-150 scale) 80-88 89-96 97-104 105-113 114+ Other English language qualifications IGCSE IGCSE English as a First Language is accepted and the grade requirements are as stated on each course's webpage. For September 2027 entry, candidates offering IGCSE English as a Second Language should note that the University will accept those qualifications offered by the following exam boards only: Cambridge AIE, Oxford AQA, and Pearson Edexcel. Candidates will need to attain Grade 8 to meet courses with an IELTS 6.5 standard requirement or Grade 7 to satisfy those with an IELTS 6 requirement. Candidates applying for programmes with an IELTS 7 (or higher) requirement will need to offer an alternative acceptable qualification or test. Please note: the University does not accept the IGCSE English as a Second Language when awarded by the Learning Resource Network (LRN). Note, too, the University does not accept IGCSE English as an Additional Language. We also accept some English language qualifications from other countries, depending on the University's assessment of its academic suitability. You can check if your qualification is accepted by contacting the International Office team . Although requirements vary by course, typical scores for common overseas English language qualifications include the following. International Baccalaureate Diploma GCSE/IGCSE Middle Years Programme (MYP eAssessment only) English Language A: Literature Higher Level (HL) English Language A: Literature Standard Level (SL) English Language A: English Language and Literature Higher Level (HL) English Language A: English Language and Literature Standard Level (SL) English Language A: Literature and Performance Higher Level (HL) English Language B: Higher Level (HL) English Language B: Standard Level (SL) A*/8 6 5 6 5 6 6 6 7 A/7 6 5 5 5 5 5 6 7 B/6 5 4 4 4 4 4 5 6 C/4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 6 Please note: The University will accept Middle Years Programme (eAssessment only) or the International Baccalaureate Diploma's Higher or Standard Level courses and scores as indicated in the table above as equivalent to the GCSE/IGCSE grades indicated. If you have a qualification that is not listed above, you can ask the Admissions Office of the School to which you are applying whether your qualification is acceptable. When enquiring, please inform the School of: the name, level and date of the qualification; the country in which it was taken; and the scores you obtained. If possible, please send a scanned copy of the certificate and transcripts, showing as much of the above information as possible. You can find the relevant admissions contact details on your course profile page , or contact the International Office . English language support The University Centre for Academic English has more than 30 years of experience delivering English language courses for international students. These courses are accredited by the British Council. The UCAE is an IELTS testing centre and its Pre-sessional courses are accredited by the British Association of Lecturers in English for Academic Purposes (BALEAP). The Centre also runs in-sessional English support for international students during their studies. Course and programme finder Choose your study level Undergraduate Taught master's Postgraduate research Programme keywords A-Z lists: Undergraduate courses Taught master's courses Postgraduate research areas Contact us +44 (0) 161 306 6000 Contact details Find us The University of Manchester Oxford Road Manchester M13 9PL UK Connect with us Social media directory Disclaimer Data Protection Copyright notice Web accessibility Freedom of information Charitable status Royal Charter Number: RC000797