Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give Search Search Oberlin: Search Menu Main Menu Press Enter to activate a submenu, down arrow to access the items and Escape to close the submenu. College of Arts & Sciences College at a Glance Areas of Study: College College Faculty and Staff Sciences at Oberlin Languages at Oberlin Practicing Arts at Oberlin Music Opportunities for A&S Students Resources and Support for College Students BA+BFA in Integrated Arts Bachelor of Science (BS) at Oberlin Center for Engaged Liberal Arts Life After Oberlin College Conservatory of Music Conservatory at a Glance Conservatory Areas of Study Conservatory Faculty and Staff Divisions Conservatory Complex On Stage Conservatory Resources and Support Life After Oberlin Conservatory Admissions & Aid Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program Financial Aid Overview Tuition & Fees Visit & Connect Class Profile Request Information For International Students Accepted Students Oberlin Blogs Life at Oberlin Living on Campus Division of Student Affairs Museum and the Arts Athletics Clubs & Organizations Our Traditions Jewish Life at Oberlin In and Around Oberlin About Oberlin Oberlin History Mission and Values Leadership & Administration How Oberlin Measures Excellence Libraries & Collections Carbon Neutral 2025 Visiting Oberlin News & Events News Events Special Events Faculty and Staff Notes Oberlin Research Review Running to the Noise Podcast Campus Resources Offices Locations & Facilities Campus Bulletins Campus Support Resources Transportation for Students Bookstore Contact Oberlin Resources For: Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Admissions & Aid Financial Aid Overview Applying for Aid: International Students Financial Aid Overview Applying for Aid: International Students Oberlin is privileged to be one of the few American colleges and universities able to offer substantial financial assistance to international students. Overview for International Students Oberlin provides grants, scholarships, loans, and on-campus employment to meet 100% of calculated financial need for all international students who apply for financial aid. In recent years, about half of our international students received institutional financial aid, with the average aid package covering about two-thirds of the cost of attendance. The international financial aid budget is not unlimited. Consequently, the international admission process is extremely competitive-particularly for students with high financial need. Approximately 8-10 percent of international applicants are admitted in a typical year. Deadlines Steps Early Decision I Early Decision II Early Action Regular Decision Application Deadline November 1 January 5 November 1 January 15 Financial Aid Deadline November 1 January 5 November 1 January 15 Notification By Mid December February 1 Mid January April 1 Reply Due January 2 February 15 May 1 May 1 Students who submit their financial aid application materials by the deadline will receive their aid and scholarship package along with their notification of admission. International students will be expected to contribute the same amount of out of pocket expense each year they attend Oberlin. Your aid will not increase due to changes in circumstances, changes in the exchange rate, etc. Applying for Financial Aid As a need-aware institution, Oberlin considers a student's financial circumstances when making admissions decisions. Applying for need-based financial aid places you in Oberlin's most competitive applicant pool. For students enrolling in the fall of 2026, the admit rate for all international students was approximately 8%. Applicants who can contribute at least $35,000 USD per year towards their educational expenses are the most competitive for admission. Any international student wishing to apply for need-based financial aid must do the following: Indicate that you are applying for financial aid on your Oberlin application. Submit the required financial aid forms that are listed in your Oberlin applicant portal. Submit the CSS Profile (Oberlin's code is 1587). If you are unable to submit the CSS Profile or if paying the fee would present a financial burden, you may complete and upload the International Student Application for Financial Assistance (ISAFA). Submit parental income documentation through Financial Aid's secure upload system. Please supply both the original document and an English translation. These documents may include: Annual tax return filed by parents to either state or federal entity, if applicable Salary certification from parent's employer Other income documentation as requested Please do not email documents to the Financial Aid office . Documents should be submitted through their secure upload portal . You will not be eligible to receive need-based aid at any point during your enrollment at Oberlin if: You do not apply for need-based financial aid prior to receiving your admissions decision You apply for and are determined to be ineligible for need-based aid Canadian citizens are required to submit the CSS Profile. They should not submit the ISAFA. No international students are required to submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) since they are ineligible for federal student aid. Exchange rates: Your Oberlin financial aid package will reflect the prevailing exchange rate when packages are determined. Oberlin does not adjust financial aid for fluctuations in exchange rates. Special Scholarships In addition to general need-based financial aid, Oberlin has several merit-based scholarships for which eligible students may be considered. More about scholarships for international students Loans While Oberlin does occasionally offer limited loans to international students directly, please know that there are lending opportunities available through other organizations. Many will require a credit-worthy U.S. citizen or permanent resident as a cosigner. Here are a few options for international student loans, listed in no particular order or preference: Ascent Student Loans Discover Student Loans LendKey Student Loans MPower Financing Sallie Mae Student Loans Student Employment During the first academic year at Oberlin, students on F-1 visas are allowed to work only on campus. No special permission is needed. On-campus employment must not exceed 20 hours a week while school is in session. Full-time, on-campus work is allowed when school is not in session. Students on F-1 visas who have been enrolled at Oberlin on a full-time basis for one full academic year may engage in temporary off-campus employment to gain practical experience in their field of study through Curricular Practical Training (CPT). Here are the basic rules: You must be authorized to work by the Designated School Official (DSO). Authorization cannot be backdated and work cannot begin before the DSO has given permission. The proposed employment must be related to your major field of study and commensurate with your level of study. College of Arts & Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions & Aid Life at Oberlin About Oberlin News & Events Campus Resources Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give College of Arts and Sciences Admissions (800) 622-6243 or (440) 775-8411 38 E. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 Conservatory of Music Admissions (440) 775-8413 39 W. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 © 2026, Oberlin College and Conservatory Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accreditation Website Accessibility Contact Us Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Apply to Oberlin Oberlin has separate application processes for the College of Arts and Sciences and the Conservatory of Music. College of Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program You have exceptional musical talent and intellectual enthusiasm. We have a place just for you. Double Degree Program Applicants