Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give Search Search Oberlin: Search Menu Main Menu Press Enter to activate a submenu, down arrow to access the items and Escape to close the submenu. College of Arts & Sciences College at a Glance Areas of Study: College College Faculty and Staff Sciences at Oberlin Languages at Oberlin Practicing Arts at Oberlin Music Opportunities for A&S Students Resources and Support for College Students BA+BFA in Integrated Arts Bachelor of Science (BS) at Oberlin Center for Engaged Liberal Arts Life After Oberlin College Conservatory of Music Conservatory at a Glance Conservatory Areas of Study Conservatory Faculty and Staff Divisions Conservatory Complex On Stage Conservatory Resources and Support Life After Oberlin Conservatory Admissions & Aid Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program Financial Aid Overview Tuition & Fees Visit & Connect Class Profile Request Information For International Students Accepted Students Oberlin Blogs Life at Oberlin Living on Campus Division of Student Affairs Museum and the Arts Athletics Clubs & Organizations Our Traditions Jewish Life at Oberlin In and Around Oberlin About Oberlin Oberlin History Mission and Values Leadership & Administration How Oberlin Measures Excellence Libraries & Collections Carbon Neutral 2025 Visiting Oberlin News & Events News Events Special Events Faculty and Staff Notes Oberlin Research Review Running to the Noise Podcast Campus Resources Offices Locations & Facilities Campus Bulletins Campus Support Resources Transportation for Students Bookstore Contact Oberlin Resources For: Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Admissions & Aid For International Students For International Students Photo credit: Cady Hurlbert Welcome to the Oberlin family! We're so excited to welcome you to your new home! Learn more about what makes Oberlin the ideal choice for international students. Ready to dive in? Choose from over 45 majors in the College of Arts & Sciences. Explore Areas of Study Obies From Around the World We talked to international students about their Oberlin experiences. Here's what they had to say. Karthik Ranganadhan '26 Modern School Barakhamba Road New Delhi, India "The #1 piece of advice I would give to any student is to go to [faculty] office hours. They are the most fabulous resource for learning more about your professors, classes, and various interests..." Gian Ghai Espadas '26 United World College Southeast Asia Singapore "I was really interested in finding a place where I could purse my interest in math and science but still have a college that really valued music." Zeynep Kaya '26 ENKA Schools Istanbul, Turkey "Everyone on this campus wants you to explore your true self... at Oberlin you just need to be yourself and you're going to feel like you belong here as soon as you share your talents with other people." Connect with your peers Obies have diverse passions and interests. Browse nearly 200 active student groups, ranging from identity-based communities like our South Asian, African, and Latinx student organizations to groups focused on cultural activities, like the Oberlin Samba School and Aikido Club. Student Clubs and Organizations Specialized Support The mission of International Student & Scholar Services is to support and celebrate the international identities of students and scholars at Oberlin College and Conservatory. They accomplish this through one-on-one advising, educational programs, community building, and support for visa paperwork and immigration regulations. International Student and Scholar Services Student Perspectives Hear how other international students have found their home at Oberlin. Expanding My Horizons Yuhki Ueda '24 Manila, Philippines Yuhki's double-degree journey Introduction to Oberlin Life Lucas Draper '23 Melbourne, Australia Learn from Lucas Be a Paani-Puri in Obieland Aishwarya Krishnaswamy '23 Mumbai, India Snack with Aishwarya International Obie News We're proud to highlight international students at the center of inspiring work during and after their time at Oberlin. You could be one of them! Alli Roshni Wins Nexial Prize for 2023 Fourth-year biology and economics major from Delhi, India, has been named the winner of Oberlin's 2023 Nexial Prize. Read the whole story Photo credit: Tanya Rosen-Jones Paintbrush Empowerment The first-year Oberlin student learned to paint from his late father back in their homeland of Zambia. Read the whole story Photo credit: Courtesy of Mufalo Mufalo Omukoko Okoth Delivers 2025 Commencement Address Omukoko Okoth '25, who is from Kenya and attended Aiglon College in Switzerland prior to enrolling at Oberlin, delivered the 2025 Commencement address to his classmates. "I know one thing for sure -- that I'm endlessly grateful," he said. "Grateful for the privilege of receiving a world-class education. Grateful to work alongside you, my peers, who are not just brilliant minds but kind souls. I am grateful for the life-changing opportunities I have received in this place, and I hope that Oberlin will continue to use education to transform the lives of those for whom all they have is a dream." Watch his address Photo credit: Tanya Rosen-Jones Research Profiles These students were featured for their faculty-mentored research projects. Abby Tejera Rocha '25 Maldonado, Uruguay Abby is majoring in Physics with a concentration in Astrophysics and Computer Science. She conducts research in Professor Jillian Scudder's lab. Her research is titled "Research about metallicities in different galaxies". Read about Abby's research Ankit Barana '25 Jaipur, India Ankit Barana is a Neuroscience and Computer Science major conducting mentored research under Professor Leslie Kwakye. His project is titled "Neural Mechanisms of Attentional Alteration to Multisensory Speech Perception". Read about Ankit's research Haoyuan Gao '24 Beijing, China Haoyuan Gao is a Biology and Neuroscience major conducting mentored research under Professor Christopher Howard. His project is titled "Characterizing striatal patch-dopamine interactions in freely-moving mice". Read about Haoyuan's research More Campus Resources Explore Oberlin's offices, programs, and other resources designed to support students like you! Career Exploration and Development We can help you explore and identify fields of interest, write resumes and cover letters that follow accepted U.S. standards, and prepare for interviews. CED Multicultural Resource Commons The MRC provides programs and services that affirm and promote equity for students of color, LGBTQ+ students, and first-generation college students. MRC Cooper International Learning Center The Paul and Edith Cooper International Learning Center enables students to build proficiency in world languages, consider new perspectives, and explore cultures. CILC English for Speakers of Other Languages Oberlin College offers several resources specifically designed to assist students who are speakers of other languages with writing in English for the American academic context. ESOL The International Orientation Program Meet new and returning international students while learning about cultural and academic adjustments, and everyday life in Oberlin and the United States. Pre-Orientation Program for International Students Study Away We offer a curated portfolio of over one hundred programs designed to engage Obies in rigorous academic experiences while expanding their contemporary cultural horizons. Study Away Internship+ Program Internship+ ensures that all students, regardless of background, can access experiences that enrich their academic pursuits and help them launch successfully from Oberlin. Internship+ Scholarships for International Students Oberlin meets 100 percent of demonstrated financial need, making an Oberlin education accessible to students from all financial backgrounds. Fin Aid Ready to apply? Discover what you need to apply to Oberlin, including important admissions deadlines, financial aid information, and more. Admissions & Aid College of Arts & Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions & Aid Life at Oberlin About Oberlin News & Events Campus Resources Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give College of Arts and Sciences Admissions (800) 622-6243 or (440) 775-8411 38 E. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 Conservatory of Music Admissions (440) 775-8413 39 W. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 © 2026, Oberlin College and Conservatory Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accreditation Website Accessibility Contact Us Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Apply to Oberlin Oberlin has separate application processes for the College of Arts and Sciences and the Conservatory of Music. College of Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program You have exceptional musical talent and intellectual enthusiasm. We have a place just for you. Double Degree Program Applicants