Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give Search Search Oberlin: Search Menu Main Menu Press Enter to activate a submenu, down arrow to access the items and Escape to close the submenu. College of Arts & Sciences College at a Glance Areas of Study: College College Faculty and Staff Sciences at Oberlin Languages at Oberlin Practicing Arts at Oberlin Music Opportunities for A&S Students Resources and Support for College Students BA+BFA in Integrated Arts Bachelor of Science (BS) at Oberlin Center for Engaged Liberal Arts Life After Oberlin College Conservatory of Music Conservatory at a Glance Conservatory Areas of Study Conservatory Faculty and Staff Divisions Conservatory Complex On Stage Conservatory Resources and Support Life After Oberlin Conservatory Admissions & Aid Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program Financial Aid Overview Tuition & Fees Visit & Connect Class Profile Request Information For International Students Accepted Students Oberlin Blogs Life at Oberlin Living on Campus Division of Student Affairs Museum and the Arts Athletics Clubs & Organizations Our Traditions Jewish Life at Oberlin In and Around Oberlin About Oberlin Oberlin History Mission and Values Leadership & Administration How Oberlin Measures Excellence Libraries & Collections Carbon Neutral 2025 Visiting Oberlin News & Events News Events Special Events Faculty and Staff Notes Oberlin Research Review Running to the Noise Podcast Campus Resources Offices Locations & Facilities Campus Bulletins Campus Support Resources Transportation for Students Bookstore Contact Oberlin Resources For: Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Admissions & Aid Tuition & Fees Tuition & Fees Oberlin's financial aid policy is simple: we meet the full demonstrated financial need of every admitted student and also offer generous merit scholarships. Each year, more than two-thirds of Oberlin students receive some form of need-based financial assistance. Our three-part award package typically includes grants from the college, low-interest students loans, and work-study jobs. We commit more than $100 million annually to provide grant aid directly to students. This makes Oberlin affordable to many talented students who otherwise might not be able to pursue an education at Oberlin. Estimated Student Charges When you complete a financial aid application, Oberlin automatically considers you for need-based college grants and merit-based scholarships, in addition to any state and federal grants, loans, or work-study programs for which you may qualify. The charts below summarize the expenses involved in an Oberlin education. A number of payment plans and options are available to help make college affordable. See the Office of Student Accounts for details about costs, payment options, policies, and procedures. Oberlin College Costs 2026-27 Tuition $70,320 Housing $10,270 Meal Plan $10,430 Fees $1,142 Total $92,162 Fees include a refundable $50 "Green Fee." Students may waive this fee if they do not wish to support the Green Edge Fund. Estimated Expenses Books $930 Personal Expenses $978 Travel varies Other costs that may be charged Student health insurance $3,028 ( unless waived ) Part time, per credit $2,930 Overload, per credit $1,730 Resources for Prospective Students We've put together some information about how the financial aid process works, along with more detailed descriptions of the resources available to you and calculators to estimate your aid. Explore our Financial Aid Overview page to get started International Students Oberlin is among the few American colleges and universities that offer substantial financial aid awards to international students, but the process for applying for aid is different than for domestic students. Financial Aid for International Students Resources for Current Students To learn more about the financial aid process after your first year, see Applying for Aid: Returning Students . To learn about your bill and payment options, visit the Office of Student Accounts . College of Arts & Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions & Aid Life at Oberlin About Oberlin News & Events Campus Resources Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give College of Arts and Sciences Admissions (800) 622-6243 or (440) 775-8411 38 E. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 Conservatory of Music Admissions (440) 775-8413 39 W. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 © 2026, Oberlin College and Conservatory Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accreditation Website Accessibility Contact Us Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Apply to Oberlin Oberlin has separate application processes for the College of Arts and Sciences and the Conservatory of Music. College of Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program You have exceptional musical talent and intellectual enthusiasm. We have a place just for you. Double Degree Program Applicants