Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give Search Search Oberlin: Search Menu Main Menu Press Enter to activate a submenu, down arrow to access the items and Escape to close the submenu. College of Arts & Sciences College at a Glance Areas of Study: College College Faculty and Staff Sciences at Oberlin Languages at Oberlin Practicing Arts at Oberlin Music Opportunities for A&S Students Resources and Support for College Students BA+BFA in Integrated Arts Bachelor of Science (BS) at Oberlin Center for Engaged Liberal Arts Life After Oberlin College Conservatory of Music Conservatory at a Glance Conservatory Areas of Study Conservatory Faculty and Staff Divisions Conservatory Complex On Stage Conservatory Resources and Support Life After Oberlin Conservatory Admissions & Aid Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program Financial Aid Overview Tuition & Fees Visit & Connect Class Profile Request Information For International Students Accepted Students Oberlin Blogs Life at Oberlin Living on Campus Division of Student Affairs Museum and the Arts Athletics Clubs & Organizations Our Traditions Jewish Life at Oberlin In and Around Oberlin About Oberlin Oberlin History Mission and Values Leadership & Administration How Oberlin Measures Excellence Libraries & Collections Carbon Neutral 2025 Visiting Oberlin News & Events News Events Special Events Faculty and Staff Notes Oberlin Research Review Running to the Noise Podcast Campus Resources Offices Locations & Facilities Campus Bulletins Campus Support Resources Transportation for Students Bookstore Contact Oberlin Resources For: Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Campus Resources Offices Office of Financial Aid Financial Aid Basics What Scholarships Does Oberlin Offer? Office of Financial Aid What Scholarships Does Oberlin Offer? Oberlin meets 100% of demonstrated financial need through a combination of need-based aid and generous merit scholarships. We review all admitted students for merit scholarships automatically; no separate application is required. Merit-Based Awards Merit Aid Policies All merit-based scholarships are renewable for a total of 8 semesters, or 10 semesters for students enrolled in the Double Degree or BA+BFA programs. Students who are academically dismissed may lose their eligibility for merit-based scholarships for future semesters. Merit-based scholarships do NOT transfer to non-affiliated study-abroad programs. Students must be enrolled full time to receive merit-based scholarships. The only exception to this rule is that a senior in their final semester may receive a prorated amount of scholarship. Merit-based scholarships do not transfer from one division to the other. For example, if a Conservatory student decides to switch to an Arts and Sciences major, his or her Conservatory Dean's Scholarship will not transfer to the College of Arts and Sciences. Double Degree students who are offered merit-based scholarships from both the Conservatory and the College who attend their first year but then decide to drop one division will maintain their full merit amount. They will not lose any merit-based scholarship as a result of dropping one degree. Oberlin Commitment Scholarship Oberlin will award a renewable $10,000 Oberlin Commitment Scholarship to all students who enroll in the College of Arts and Sciences and/or Conservatory of Music. All students - domestic, international, transfer - will benefit from this scholarship, which is renewable each year at Oberlin. Conservatory Dean's Award These scholarships are offered by the Conservatory of Music Admissions Office to admitted Conservatory students based on audition ratings and ensemble needs. John F. Oberlin Scholarship These merit-based scholarships are awarded to students in the College of Arts and Sciences based on academic achievement. Oberlin Midwest Merit Scholarship The Midwest Merit Scholarship recognizes the academic and musical excellence of top students from our region by granting $100,000 to all admitted students from Oberlin's home state of Ohio as well as 11 additional Midwestern states: Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. Starting in fall 2025, all new enrolling students from these states will automatically qualify to receive $25,000 each year, for a total of $100,000 over four years or five years for our Double Degree students. Oberlin Pioneer Scholarship The partnership between Oberlin College and Pioneer Academics has created an unprecedented online education model. Through this collaboration, outstanding high school students are able to conduct accredited undergraduate-level research following concrete, holistic standards. This $5,000 scholarship will be awarded to any Pioneer Academics participant who enrolls at Oberlin. Oberlin College National Merit Scholarships and National Achievement Scholarships Oberlin College sponsors a National Merit Scholarship in the amount of $2,000. Finalists in the National Merit Scholarship program competition are eligible for consideration for an Oberlin-sponsored National Merit Scholarship if they declare Oberlin as their first-choice college, apply to Oberlin, and have not been selected as winners of other National Merit or Corporate National Merit Scholarships. Great Lakes Colleges Association Tuition Remission Exchange Program Students with a parent who is employed at one of the 23 participating GLCA institutions may qualify for an almost full tuition scholarship at Oberlin. Students and parents need to be approved by the employer institution in order for the scholarship to be available. The scholarship covers approximately 90% of tuition. This will replace any merit-based scholarships the student has been offered by Oberlin. All need-based federal and institutional financial aid will be awarded based on financial need. International Students In addition to the standard merit awards, Oberlin College has three merit-based scholarships for which eligible international students may be considered. No separate application is required. Eduardo Chivambo Mondlane Scholarship The Eduardo Chivambo Mondlane Scholarship continues the outreach that enabled Mr. Mondlane to attend Oberlin College. Successful candidates will be offered up to $10,000. Eligibility Any citizen from a sub-Saharan African country who is applying to the College of Arts and Sciences is eligible for this award. Selection The Oberlin College Office of Admissions will select Mondlane Scholars. Criteria for selection include a strong academic record and the potential to excel within an American liberal arts curriculum. This award does not require any supplementary materials. About Eduardo C. Mondlane (1919-1969), Oberlin Class of 1953 In fall 1951, a tall, charismatic man transferred to Oberlin College from the University of Lisbon. Thirty-two years earlier, Eduardo Mondlane had been born in a peasant village in Portuguese, East Africa, the son of a tribal chief. He attended Witwatersrand University in South Africa until forced to withdraw by the new apartheid government. Interested in the fate of his native land, Mondlane went to Portugal to study. Finding discrimination there as well, he secured a scholarship to study in the United States. What he was to call his "American Decade" began with a B.A. at Oberlin College, followed by an M.A. at Northwestern University, and a Ph.D. at Harvard. His academic field was anthropology; his field of action became African Politics. Mondlane worked as a research officer in the Trustee Department of the United Nations, a position that led him back to Africa and, in 1962, to Dar Es-Salaam, where he took the lead in developing national liberation movement in Mozambique. Tragically, he was denied the fruits of his vision by his assassination in 1969 in Dar Es-Salaam. Mozambique attained independence in 1975. Mondlane's cosmopolitanism, his marriage to a white American woman, and his American education, rendered him particularly suited to forge a broad and inclusive nationalist movement. It is significant that he began his American education with a degree from a liberal arts college, one whose motto at the time was "Think one person can change the world?" Eduardo Mondlane became a prominent force in changing the political landscape of Africa. It is wholly appropriate that Oberlin College established a scholarship in his name and memory to enable another African student to follow in his path and fulfill his dream of a world of peace and justice. Edwin O. Reischauer Scholarship The Ambassador Edwin O. Reischauer Scholarship fosters Japanese-American understanding and cooperation. Successful candidates will be offered up to $10,000. Reischauer Scholars will be educated in the liberal arts and committed to international understanding. Eligibility Any Japanese national who has been admitted to the College of Arts and Sciences is eligible for this award. Selection The Oberlin College Office of Admissions will select Reischauer Scholars. Criteria for selection include a strong academic record and the potential to excel within an American liberal arts curriculum. This award does not require any supplementary materials. About Edwin O. Reischauer (1910-1990), Oberlin class of 1931 President John F. Kennedy in 1961 made an unusual appointment. Rather than nominate a career diplomat as the American ambassador to Japan, he nominated a scholar and teacher of Japanese and East Asian history: Edwin O. Reischauer. In addition to representing the interests of the United States, Reischauer saw the ambassadorship as an opportunity to mediate between what he called his "two homelands," and to build "an equal partnership" between two industrial nations across the barriers of language, culture, race, and history. Today, the partnership he built is a crucial source of stability in world affairs. Described by the Washington Post as "the most successful Ambassador to Japan," Reischauer was born in Japan to missionary parents. His father was a professor at Meiji Gakuin University, and his mother founded the Japan School for the Deaf in Machida. Upon graduating from the American School in Japan, he enrolled at Oberlin College and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in history. He earned a Ph.D. at Harvard University, where he became a professor of Japanese studies and director of the Harvard Yenching Institute. After the death of his first wife, Reischauer married Haru Matsukata. Like her husband, Matsukata was educated in both countries, and worked to develop "better understanding and peace between my two countries." While many circumstances contributed to Ambassador Reischauer's success, it is significant that he earned an American liberal arts degree. By enabling a Japanese student to follow this same path, the Ambassador Edwin O. Reischauer Scholarship is a fitting memorial to a significant American friend of Japan. Yakubu Saaka Memorial Fund The Yakubu Saaka Memorial Fund was established with gifts received in memory of Yakubu Saaka, longtime Oberlin College Professor of African American Studies. Successful candidates will be offered awards of $10,000 for four years. Eligibility Any citizen from Africa who is applying to the College of Arts and Sciences is eligible. Selection The Oberlin College Office of Admissions will select Yakubu Saaka Scholars. Criteria for selection include a strong academic record and the potential to excel within an American liberal arts curriculum. This award does not require any supplementary materials. About Yakubu Saaka Dr. Yakuba Saaka served as a devoted and longtime professor of African American Studies at Oberlin from 1972-2008. For several generations of Oberlin students, his courses on African politics and cosmology were staples in understanding African culture and tradition. A prolific scholar, Dr. Saaka published three books and many scholarly articles, and for many years authored the Collins Encyclopedia entry on Ghana. A specialist in African politics, Dr.Saaka practiced what he preached: he served in Ghana's Third Republic as a member of Parliament, as deputy foreign minister, and as a United Nations ambassador while on sabbatical from Oberlin. He renewed his commitment to Ghanaian national politics by declaring his intent to run for president in the 2008 elections. Oberlin is proud to offer a scholarship in his name to celebrate his life and extraordinary career. Local Scholarship Programs Oberlin College offers special scholarships for graduates of Oberlin High School and for children of Oberlin College employees. Oberlin College Children's Scholarship Program The Oberlin College Board of Trustees has established a program that provides tuition scholarships to the natural or legally adopted children of full-time college employees. The scholarships may be used for tuition and instructional costs only. For more information, call the Office of Human Resources (440) 775-8430. Scholarship Program for Graduates of Oberlin High School Oberlin College offers full-tuition scholarships to qualified graduates of Oberlin High School. Applicants must have resided in the Oberlin School District for at least four years prior to high school graduation, must have attended Oberlin High School for four years, and must continue residence in the area while enrolled at Oberlin College. The Oberlin School District includes the city of Oberlin and parts of New Russia, Pittsfield, Carlisle, and Amherst townships. Applicants also must meet the admission requirements of Oberlin College. Transfer students are eligible for the scholarship, provided they meet Oberlin's admission requirements and are graduates of Oberlin High School who have met the residency requirement. For information, contact the Office of Admissions at College.Admissions@oberlin.edu . Office of Financial Aid Financial Aid Basics What Scholarships Does Oberlin Offer? When Will I Find Out About My Financial Aid Award? Check My Financial Aid Status Using Banner Self Service Cost and Payment Options Title IV Disclosures and Consumer Information Rights and Responsibilities Glossary of Terms Helpful Links and Contacts Financial Aid Forms Loans Outside Scholarships Policies Student Employment Document Upload Financial Literacy CARES Act (HEERF) CRRSAA (HEERF II) ARP (HEERF III) Staff College of Arts & Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions & Aid Life at Oberlin About Oberlin News & Events Campus Resources Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give College of Arts and Sciences Admissions (800) 622-6243 or (440) 775-8411 38 E. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 Conservatory of Music Admissions (440) 775-8413 39 W. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 © 2026, Oberlin College and Conservatory Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accreditation Website Accessibility Contact Us Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Apply to Oberlin Oberlin has separate application processes for the College of Arts and Sciences and the Conservatory of Music. College of Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program You have exceptional musical talent and intellectual enthusiasm. We have a place just for you. Double Degree Program Applicants