Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give Search Search Oberlin: Search Menu Main Menu Press Enter to activate a submenu, down arrow to access the items and Escape to close the submenu. College of Arts & Sciences College at a Glance Areas of Study: College College Faculty and Staff Sciences at Oberlin Languages at Oberlin Practicing Arts at Oberlin Music Opportunities for A&S Students Resources and Support for College Students BA+BFA in Integrated Arts Bachelor of Science (BS) at Oberlin Center for Engaged Liberal Arts Life After Oberlin College Conservatory of Music Conservatory at a Glance Conservatory Areas of Study Conservatory Faculty and Staff Divisions Conservatory Complex On Stage Conservatory Resources and Support Life After Oberlin Conservatory Admissions & Aid Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program Financial Aid Overview Tuition & Fees Visit & Connect Class Profile Request Information For International Students Accepted Students Oberlin Blogs Life at Oberlin Living on Campus Division of Student Affairs Museum and the Arts Athletics Clubs & Organizations Our Traditions Jewish Life at Oberlin In and Around Oberlin About Oberlin Oberlin History Mission and Values Leadership & Administration How Oberlin Measures Excellence Libraries & Collections Carbon Neutral 2025 Visiting Oberlin News & Events News Events Special Events Faculty and Staff Notes Oberlin Research Review Running to the Noise Podcast Campus Resources Offices Locations & Facilities Campus Bulletins Campus Support Resources Transportation for Students Bookstore Contact Oberlin Resources For: Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Admissions & Aid Arts and Sciences Admissions Testing, Essays, Interviews & Supplements Testing Policy Admissions Testing Policy Oberlin College has been test optional since 2020, which means that applicants can choose whether or not to submit their SAT and/or ACT scores. Photo credit: Matthew Lester If you have taken the SAT or the ACT, we encourage you to submit your scores to Oberlin. While our holistic application review will weigh your four-year academic journey - including grades, strength of curriculum, and teacher recommendations - more heavily than the results of standardized tests, your standardized test score will provide an additional data point that can help increase our confidence in your ability to succeed at Oberlin. If you are unable to take the SAT or ACT, or if you think your score doesn't accurately reflect your academic ability, you can apply without submitting test scores. You will not be penalized for omitting scores and will receive equal consideration for admission and for merit scholarships. Not sure whether to include your test scores? Your high school counselor is a great resource for providing personalized advice and recommendations. Please note that international applicants may be required to submit standardized test scores to demonstrate English proficiency, as noted below. How do I report my scores? You can self-report your SAT or ACT scores when you fill out your admissions application. If you are reporting ACT scores, you can choose whether or not to include the Science section. Oberlin superscores both the SAT and ACT. This means that we use the highest subscore from each component of the test, even if taken on different dates, ensuring that applicants are evaluated with the highest overall score possible. For the ACT, we will calculate a superscore based on the subscores you provide (with or without Science). If you choose to submit test scores, you'll only need to provide an official score report if you are admitted and decide to enroll at Oberlin. What if I change my mind? If you have previously sent ACT/SAT scores to Oberlin but indicate on your admissions application that you would not like your scores to be considered, your test scores will be suppressed in our database and will not be viewed. If you indicate on your application that you would like to have scores considered, but change your mind after submission, let us know as soon as possible so we can remove the scores from your application. Note that we can only switch you to test-optional if we haven't already started reading your application. If you didn't submit scores with your admissions application but later decide you would like them to be considered, please email us at college.admissions@oberlin.edu. International Students If English is not your native language and your secondary school instruction is not in English, you will need to demonstrate English proficiency. Oberlin accepts official score reports from TOEFL iBT (including iBT Home Edition ), IELTS , or Duolingo's English Test (DET) to satisfy this requirement. If these required language exams are not available to you, you can request a waiver by emailing international.admissions@oberlin.edu . However, be aware that applicants who provide one of these test scores will be considered more favorably. See Also Conservatory Admissions: Academic Requirements and Testing College of Arts & Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions & Aid Life at Oberlin About Oberlin News & Events Campus Resources Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give College of Arts and Sciences Admissions (800) 622-6243 or (440) 775-8411 38 E. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 Conservatory of Music Admissions (440) 775-8413 39 W. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 © 2026, Oberlin College and Conservatory Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accreditation Website Accessibility Contact Us Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Apply to Oberlin Oberlin has separate application processes for the College of Arts and Sciences and the Conservatory of Music. College of Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program You have exceptional musical talent and intellectual enthusiasm. We have a place just for you. Double Degree Program Applicants