Art@ADA Library News Events ADA Foundation Career@ADA MyADA Apply Now About Leadership & Governance ADA University Italy-Azerbaijan University Accreditations and Rankings Campus Strategic Plan Honorary Degrees Centers and Institutes Admissions Find your Program Undergraduate Graduate International Financial Aid Tuition and Costs Academics Research Publications Core Competencies Academic Calendar Policies Schools College Public & International Affairs Business IT & Engineering Education Law Agricultural & Food Sciences Design & Architecture Executive Education ADA Experience Student Life Exchange Programs Career Services Alumni Student Success ADA School ADA Primary School ADA High School EN MENU About Leadership & Governance ADA University Italy-Azerbaijan University Accreditations and Rankings Campus Strategic Plan Honorary Degrees Centers and Institutes Admissions Find your Program Undergraduate Graduate International Financial Aid Tuition and Costs Academics Research Publications Core Competencies Academic Calendar Policies Schools College Public & International Affairs Business IT & Engineering Education Law Agricultural & Food Sciences Design & Architecture Executive Education ADA Experience Student Life Exchange Programs Career Services Alumni Student Success ADA School ADA Primary School ADA High School Art@ADA Library News Events ADA Foundation Career@ADA MyADA Financial Aid Home Admission Financial Aid Financial Aid Scholarships for Students with a Special Status Merit Scholarships for Undergraduate Students Graduate Assistantship and Merit Scholarships for Grdaduate Students Stipends "Heroes Tribute" Scholarship Fellowships Student Loans Awards Sub menu Financial Aid At ADA University, students enjoy ownership of their education. We offer various types of financial aid resources. ADA University is committed to making these options available to help students obtain a world-class education and achieve their professional and career goals. Financial aid resources at ADA University are designed to encourage outstanding academic performance. At ADA University, we strongly believe that today's leaders are men and women who distinguish themselves with their integrity, ethics, outstanding performance, and commitment to give back to society. We value academic merit and performance of our students, and we tend to reward it through generous scholarships, fellowships, and awards. At ADA, we are committed to provide outstanding education and promote intellectual inquiry; however, we also know that we are a part of a larger society in which we share responsibility towards each other. Thus, we aspire to give back to society and make a positive impact on the world around us. Scholarships for Students with a Special Status Incoming students with a status of internally displaced person (IDP), children of disabled war veterans (CDWV), war veterans (WVT), children deprived of parental care (CDPC), limited health ability (DLH), and children from family of martyrs (CFM) receive a 100 percent tuition waiver for the first year of study upon providing required documentation. For reaching out the Policy, click the link For reaching out the list of required documentation, click the link - Required documents Merit Scholarships for Undergraduate Students These scholarships are awarded to incoming and returning undergraduate students for their outstanding academic performance prior to being enrolled at ADA University. For deatiled information click the link (Merit Based Scholarship for Undergraduate Students) Graduate Assistantship and Merit Scholarships for Graduate Students Incoming graduate students are offered Graduate Assistantship Program scholarship for their performance prior to being enrolled at ADA University and Merit Based Scholarship is awarded for returning graduate students. Each year top students are selected to be part of prestigious Graduate Assistantship Program. The selected students receive full tuition waiver and get a chance to work with School's faculty member on a research project. Graduate Assistantship is awarded at the time of admissions and does not require a separate application. Graduate Assistantship (for Admission) For detailed information click the link (Merit Based Scholarship for Graduate Students) Stipends For detailed information click the link Heroes Tribute At ADA University, we recognize the sacrifice of those men and women in uniform who have fought for the independence and territorial integrity of their country and those who keep doing so. A generation of them has made legendary and unprecedented sacrifices. The grandness of any nation is measured with how they honor their fallen men and women, rally round their flag, and continue serving the cause for which those have fallen in war. At ADA University, we honor our war heroes by educating their children, siblings, and spouses. We also honor those men and women in uniform who serve this country in its armed services. The purpose of the Heroes Tribute Scholarship is to provide access to affordable education to children, siblings, and spouses of war heroes, also men and women in uniform. We want to make sure every loved one of a war hero and every soldier and officer of our armed services can attend ADA University and receive a quality education. While doing so, we also want to transform this university into a community, where a sense of citizenship and social responsibility is further upheld and endorsed. For detailed information please click the link Fellowships Alimardan Bay Topchubashov International Fellowship At ADA University, we are committed to establish an outstanding education and training for our own citizens in Azerbaijan, but we realize that our growing nation also has a responsibility to bring first-class international education and leadership training for others in the region and the world. We wish to promote intellectual inquiry on a wide range of topics. Therefore, ADA University has an Alimardan bay Topchubashov International Fellowship program meant to prepare global leaders who have a strong commitment to serve a public cause. The fellowship opens to all international (non-Azerbaijan citizens) undergraduate and graduate applicants who have been admitted to one of ADA University's degree-granting schools and are renewable for the duration of their studies when certain criteria are met upon availability of funds. For detailed information click the link (please refer to first part of the policy) International Fellowship for the School of Education International Fellowship is open to citizens of Georgia who have been admitted to one of the degree programs offered in the Azerbaijani language by the School of Education. For detailed information click the link (please refer to second part of the policy) For more information regarding International Fellowship for the School of Education click the link Student Loans Student loans help students pay their education fees to ADA University. Local students who apply to one of the degree-granting programs at ADA University may benefit from TTK (Təhsil Tələbə Krediti) offered by TTKF (Təhsil Tələbə Krediti Fondu). This option offers applicants to finance their studies by borrowing money from TTKF now and pay after they are graduated. For more information, applicants may visit website of TTKF You can get wide information about Student Loan (TTK) from the links below : Video Instruction of the application to TTK Student Loan (TTK) Policy Awards At the end of each academic year, ADA University presents groups of students with an important award named after Haji Zeynalabdin Taghiyev. Taghiyev was Azerbaijan's renowned entrepreneur and philanthropist, who invested his wealth in projects which helped to modernize Azerbaijan and turn it into a showcase of tolerance and intellectual advancement. Each year, we present HZT Awards in two categories: Challenges of Society and Challenges of Industry. The purpose of the former is to transform the university into a community, where a sense of citizenship and social responsibility is upheld and endorsed. The purpose of the latter is to foster a sense of entrepreneurship among our students and help them turn their ideas into a venture. The prestigious HZT Awards promote such values as civic engagement, social responsibility, teamwork, caring for others, daring to have an idea, then, putting that idea into action. For detailed information click the link Connect With Us About Us ADA University Campus Admissions Student Life Career@ADA Quick Links Washington Center of ADA University Giving to ADA Institute for Development and Diplomacy ADA University Library MyADA Contact Us info@ada.edu.az (+994 12) 437 32 35 Ahmadbey Aghaoghlu str. 61, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1008 Apply Now Copyright © 2026 ADA. All rights reserved.