Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt University Menu Undergraduate Admissions Apply Visit Request Academics Affordability Community Connect MyAppVU Close Menu Vanderbilt University Undergraduate Admissions All Vanderbilt Apply Application Process: First-year Application Process: Transfer Dates and Deadlines Testing Policies Visit Visit Campus VirtualVU Vanderbilt Visits You Virtual Tour Admitted Student Programs Request Academics Find Your Major Blair School of Music College of Arts and Science Peabody College School of Engineering Affordability Net Price Calculator Cost of Attendance Merit Scholarships Community Housing and Dining Diversity and Inclusion Nashville Health and Wellness Athletics Connect Contact a Student Ask Our Team Admissions Blog Inside 'Dores Student Blog MyAppVU About About Vanderbilt History Quick Facts University Leadership Contact Academics Academics Overview Program Finder Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate & Professional School Admissions Cost & Financial Aid Athletics Campus Life Life at Vanderbilt Nashville Our Campuses Housing & Dining Organizations & Community Health & Safety Research News Apply Apply Application Process: First-year Application Process: Transfer Testing Policies Expert Advice MyAppVU On this page Overview & Philosophy Vanderbilt uses a holistic admissions review process - we do not employ cutoffs for standardized testing or grade point averages. Rather we look for students who have demonstrated strong academic skills and intellectual curiosity, and who have engaged in activities outside the classroom that have nurtured their growth as leaders. Most successful applicants have taken a very rigorous course load and have challenged themselves at the highest levels of the available curriculum. Note that Vanderbilt does not consider demonstrated interest in the admissions review process. Three Ways to Apply: Coalition, powered by Scoir Common Application QuestBridge Choose the application system that is right for you - we do not prefer one over the others. Do not submit an application through more than one system. Choose one application, and submit all required materials through that method. Please note: In addition to submitting the application for admission, applicants to Blair also submit the Blair School of Music Application , which includes a pre-screening video. Access & Belonging In the spirit of Vanderbilt admissions, we consider each application within the context of a high volume, highly selective admissions process. Every applicant is treated with dignity and respect, and we train our readers to find reasons to admit each candidate rather than reasons to deny. We believe that a Vanderbilt education should be accessible to all students, regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, and socioeconomic background. The university continues to strengthen resources that empower all students to find belonging , and the Office of Undergraduate Admissions supports these continuing initiatives. Our office recognizes that by recruiting students of all backgrounds from across the country and all over the world, the Vanderbilt community is strengthened as students bring their individual perspectives and imaginations to work, innovate, and create together. We also understand that families in many areas of the world are dealing with the impacts of natural disasters, public health crises, or other events. If your family is experiencing a serious hardship in your community, please know that our thoughts are with you, and that we realize that your health and safety is your first priority. As you turn toward the college admissions process, please contact our team if you have difficulty submitting required materials by published deadlines. As is always our policy, we will be as flexible as possible regarding our deadlines, and we will work with you to help you complete your application. Decision Plans Vanderbilt offers three decision plans for first-year applicants: Early Decision I, Early Decision II, and Regular Decision. Early Decision I and II are binding decision plans and are appropriate for students who are committed to attending Vanderbilt if they are admitted. The applicant, a parent or guardian, and the high school counselor must sign the Early Decision Agreement, indicating the student's commitment to attend Vanderbilt if offered admission. If the student is admitted to Vanderbilt, they must immediately withdraw applications to all other colleges and universities. Regular Decision is non-binding and permits students to apply to any number of schools and to make their matriculation decision in the month of April, after all admission decisions are known. Early Decision applicants undergo the same thorough review for need-based financial assistance and merit scholarships as Regular Decision applicants. Note: Applicants may change their Vanderbilt decision plan via the MyAppVU portal . Decision plan changes can be submitted only up to 2 weeks after the decision plan deadline. The Early Decision Agreement is required for students who change their decision plan to Early Decision I or II. Common Application ED Agreement Coalition, powered by Scoir ED Agreement Dates and Deadlines Dates and Deadlines Early Decision I Early Decision II Regular Decision Transfer Early Decision I ADMISSIONS October 3, 2026 - Preferred last day to take the SAT Reasoning Test* October 17, 2026 - Preferred last day to take the ACT* November 1, 2026 - Blair School of Music Application deadline November 1, 2026 - Deadline for completed application Mid-December - Admission decisions available December 31, 2026 - Deadline for matriculation deposit FINANCIAL AID AND MERIT SCHOLARSHIPS November 1, 2026 - Priority filing deadline for CSS Profile and FAFSA December 1, 2026 - Deadline for completed merit scholarship applications Mid-December 2026 - Preliminary financial aid offers available Late March 2027 - Updated financial aid offers available Early Decision II ADMISSIONS December 5, 2026 - Preferred last day to take the SAT Reasoning Test* December 12, 2026 - Preferred last day to take the ACT* December 1, 2026 - Priority deadline for Blair School of Music applicants January 1, 2027 - Deadline for completed application Mid-February 2027 - Admission decisions available March 1, 2027 - Deadline for matriculation deposit FINANCIAL AID AND MERIT SCHOLARSHIPS December 1, 2026 - Deadline for completed merit scholarship applications January 1, 2027 - Priority filing deadline for submitting CSS Profile and FAFSA Mid-February 2027 - Preliminary financial aid offers available Late March 2027 - Updated financial aid offers available Regular Decision ADMISSIONS December 5, 2026 - Preferred last day to take the SAT Reasoning Test* December 13, 2026 - Preferred last day to take the ACT* December 1, 2026 - Priority deadline for Blair School of Music applicants January 1, 2027 - Deadline for completed application Late March 2027 - Admission decisions available May 1, 2027 - Deadline for matriculation deposit FINANCIAL AID AND MERIT SCHOLARSHIPS December 1, 2026 - Deadline for merit scholarship applications February 1, 2027 - Priority deadline for filing CSS Profile and FAFSA Late March 2027 - Financial aid offers available Transfer ADMISSIONS February 15, 2027 - Priority deadline for submitting completed application. Transfer applicants will be considered on a rolling basis throughout the spring. Beginning Late-April, 2027 - Admissions decisions available on a rolling basis FINANCIAL AID February 1, 2027 - Priority deadline for filing FAFSA and CSS Profile * For students applying for fall 2027 and 2028 entry, SAT or ACT scores are optional. For students applying for fall 2029 entry, test scores will be required. Learn more about our testing policies . Next First-year Process Vanderbilt University Request Information Apply Visit Vanderbilt Find Your Major Contact Us Blair School of Music College of Arts & Science College of Connected Computing Peabody College School of Engineering Nashville, Tennessee 37240 615-322-7311 • Contact Us Vanderbilt University's Online Privacy Notice Twitter Threads Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Vanderbilt University is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. Vanderbilt University does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, military service, or genetic information in its administration of educational policies, programs, or activities; admissions policies; scholarship and loan programs; athletic or other University-administered programs; or employment. Accessibility information . Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University® and the Vanderbilt logos are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University. Site Development: Digital Strategies (Communications and Marketing.) © 2026