Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt University Menu Undergraduate Admissions Apply Visit Request Academics Affordability Community Connect MyAppVU Close Menu Vanderbilt University Undergraduate Admissions All Vanderbilt Apply Application Process: First-year Application Process: Transfer Dates and Deadlines Testing Policies Visit Visit Campus VirtualVU Vanderbilt Visits You Virtual Tour Admitted Student Programs Request Academics Find Your Major Blair School of Music College of Arts and Science Peabody College School of Engineering Affordability Net Price Calculator Cost of Attendance Merit Scholarships Community Housing and Dining Diversity and Inclusion Nashville Health and Wellness Athletics Connect Contact a Student Ask Our Team Admissions Blog Inside 'Dores Student Blog MyAppVU About About Vanderbilt History Quick Facts University Leadership Contact Academics Academics Overview Program Finder Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate & Professional School Admissions Cost & Financial Aid Athletics Campus Life Life at Vanderbilt Nashville Our Campuses Housing & Dining Organizations & Community Health & Safety Research News International Costs and Finances On this page View estimated costs for full-time undergraduate students Need-Based Aid for International Students Vanderbilt University offers need-based scholarships to a limited number of first-year international undergraduate applicants. If you indicate on your application for admission that you are seeking need-based assistance, the admission decision will be made on a need-aware basis. Applications from international citizens who apply for need-based assistance will be reviewed among all international applicants seeking need-based assistance, and will be chosen based on an evaluation of academic qualities, leadership and community engagement, financial need, and availability of resources. Note: The University has no need-based aid available for international transfer applicants who are not U.S. citizens or eligible non-citizens. Transfer applications from international applicants requesting financial aid will be withdrawn upon receipt and will not receive further consideration. In order to apply for need-based scholarships, you must submit the College Scholarship Service (CSS) Profile or the ISFAA (International Student Financial Aid Application). For financial aid purposes, you are considered an international student if you do not meet the eligibility criteria to receive federal student financial assistance. To qualify for federal assistance, a student must be a United States citizen or eligible non-citizen. ( Learn more about how these classifications are defined.) U.S. citizens and eligible non-citizens living abroad are eligible to receive need-based scholarships. For these students, Vanderbilt is proud to offer need-blind admission and meet 100 percent of each student's demonstrated financial need with generous aid packages that do not include loans. For international students admitted for fall 2026, Vanderbilt offered need-based aid and/or merit scholarships to 89 students representing 54 countries. The range of awards offered was $16,815-$99,998 per year for four years. All students demonstrated exceptional academic and co-curricular talent in the admissions process. In addition to the non-restricted forms of financial aid for international students, Vanderbilt also offers financial aid to students meeting specific criteria. Examples of need-based financial assistance available for international students include the following: The Hilppa A. K. Roby Scholarship provides full-tuition support to undergraduate students from Finland with demonstrated financial need who are enrolled in Vanderbilt's College of Arts and Science. In addition to full tuition, the Hilppa A. K. Roby Scholarship will provide a stipend of up to $6,000 to be used for a one-time summer study abroad, research investigation or other approved experience, and an additional $1,500 per year as a travel allowance to and from Finland. The Irene and Thomas Harrington International Scholarship provides financial assistance to international students enrolled full time in any of Vanderbilt's four undergraduate schools. Preference is given to students from France, with second preference to students from the European Union. The Early-White International Scholarship provides assistance to undergraduate international students from the United Kingdom or European Union member countries enrolled in the College of Arts and Science. The CSS Profile or ISFAA (International Student Financial Aid Application) must be submitted by the applicant to be considered for these awards. *Applicants from countries sanctioned by the U.S. government or countries from which the College Board has declined to accept credit cards (Benin, Cameroon, Ghana, Nigeria, and Togo) should contact the admissions counselor for their region. Deadline for Need-Based Aid Applications In order to apply for need-based scholarships, you must submit the College Scholarship Service (CSS) Profile or the ISFAA (International Student Financial Aid Application) by the deadlines below: November 1, 2026, if applying through Early Decision I January 1, 2027, if applying through Early Decision II February 1, 2027, if applying through Regular Decision Merit-Based Aid for International Students International first-year applicants are eligible to apply for all merit-based scholarships offered at Vanderbilt. The merit scholarship application is strongly encouraged; preference is given to those who apply. Students who wish to be considered for additional merit scholarships are encouraged to complete the Cornelius Vanderbilt Scholarship application. Within two business days of submitting your application for admission to Vanderbilt, you should receive an email from the Office of Undergraduate Admissions explaining how to create your online MyAppVU account. Under the Scholarship Application tab in MyAppVU, you will be able to select the signature program(s) to which you wish to apply . Students should be aware that merit-based scholarships are awarded only to a select few of our most exceptional applicants each year. Need-Based Aid for U.S. Citizens Abroad and U.S. Permanent Residents U.S. citizens and eligible non-citizens living abroad are eligible to receive need-based financial assistance from one of the strongest need-based financial aid programs in the country. Vanderbilt is proud to offer need-blind admission and meet 100% of each student's financial need with generous aid packages that do not include institutional loans. Vanderbilt's need-based aid program is designed to encourage all qualified U.S. citizens and eligible non-citizens - regardless of financial circumstances - to consider applying for admission to Vanderbilt. Cost should not be a barrier to access, so Vanderbilt's no-loan financial aid program has no income cutoff and every family who feels they may need help paying for a Vanderbilt education should apply for financial assistance. To apply for need-based financial aid U.S. citizens abroad and eligible non-citizens should submit the following: A completed College Scholarship Service Financial Aid Profile (CSS PROFILE) A completed Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Official copies of your or your parents' 2023 tax return with all attachments and W-2 forms to the Office of Student Financial Aid and Undergraduate Scholarships as soon as they are complete or available Possible Alternate Sources of Financial Aid International students are encouraged to explore the possibilities of external assistance when financing a Vanderbilt education. Corporations, foundations, service organizations, religious groups, parent and school associations, etc. sponsor numerous educational assistance programs. International students are also encouraged to explore the International Education Financial Aid (IEFA) website for information regarding scholarships and loans. The following organizations and agencies may be helpful resources in locating financial aid. Students are invited to make inquiries. Vanderbilt is not associated with, nor endorses any of the following organizations, but is pleased to provide a sampling of many similar organizations in the U.S. and around the world. eduPass - The SmartStudent Guide for Studying in the USA The Africa-America Institute (AAI) 833 United Nations Plaza New York, New York 10017-3581 AAI 1320 - 19th Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20036-1679 Institute for International Education (IIE) 833 United Nations Plaza New York, New York 10017-3581 International Human Assistance Program 360 Park Avenue South New York, New York 10010-1769 Service (AMIDEAST) Suite 1001717 Massachusetts Avenue, N.W Washington, D.C. 20036-4601 (AMIDEAST has several field offices in various countries in the Middle East.) Vanderbilt University Request Information Apply Visit Vanderbilt Find Your Major Contact Us Blair School of Music College of Arts & Science College of Connected Computing Peabody College School of Engineering Nashville, Tennessee 37240 615-322-7311 • Contact Us Vanderbilt University's Online Privacy Notice Twitter Threads Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Vanderbilt University is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. Vanderbilt University does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, military service, or genetic information in its administration of educational policies, programs, or activities; admissions policies; scholarship and loan programs; athletic or other University-administered programs; or employment. Accessibility information . Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University® and the Vanderbilt logos are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University. Site Development: Digital Strategies (Communications and Marketing.) © 2026