Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt University Menu Undergraduate Admissions Apply Visit Request Academics Affordability Community Connect MyAppVU Close Menu Vanderbilt University Undergraduate Admissions All Vanderbilt Apply Application Process: First-year Application Process: Transfer Dates and Deadlines Testing Policies Visit Visit Campus VirtualVU Vanderbilt Visits You Virtual Tour Admitted Student Programs Request Academics Find Your Major Blair School of Music College of Arts and Science Peabody College School of Engineering Affordability Net Price Calculator Cost of Attendance Merit Scholarships Community Housing and Dining Diversity and Inclusion Nashville Health and Wellness Athletics Connect Contact a Student Ask Our Team Admissions Blog Inside 'Dores Student Blog MyAppVU About About Vanderbilt History Quick Facts University Leadership Contact Academics Academics Overview Program Finder Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate & Professional School Admissions Cost & Financial Aid Athletics Campus Life Life at Vanderbilt Nashville Our Campuses Housing & Dining Organizations & Community Health & Safety Research News Application Process: First-year Apply Application Process: First-year Application Process: Transfer Testing Policies Expert Advice MyAppVU On this page Required Application Materials All required parts of the Common Application or Coalition, powered by Scoir, including the personal essay and short answer $50 nonrefundable application fee, or fee waiver for qualified students Official high school transcript Counselor letter of recommendation Two academic teacher letters of recommendation Optional Materials In addition to the required materials, applicants may wish to submit these optional items. These items are not required for admission consideration. However, you may choose to submit optional materials if you feel they provide valuable information that is not captured in the required application materials. SAT or ACT scores For students applying for fall 2027 or 2028 entry, SAT or ACT scores are optional. For students applying for fall 2029 entry, test scores will be required. Learn more about our testing policies . Vanderbilt's SAT code is 1871 and ACT code is 4036. Glimpse video U.S. citizens, including undocumented students, attending high school in the U.S. may submit a 60-90 second video through Glimpse . Glimpse is an opportunity for us to get to know you better. The short video is meant to give a "glimpse" into your life and who you are. Schoolhouse.world portfolio A Schoolhouse.world portfolio may be uploaded via MyAppVU portal. Completion of these certifications, based on online coursework and free tutoring, demonstrate you have met our course requirements to be eligible for admission consideration. Additional Requirements All first-year applicants must complete the required application materials for first-year applicants when applying to Vanderbilt. See the sections below for additional application requirements for specific circumstances. Blair Applicants All applicants to Blair must complete the Blair School of Music Application in addition to the Common Application, Coalition application (powered by Scoir), or QuestBridge application. Please visit blair.vanderbilt.edu/admissions/apply for all details and latest information regarding application requirements for Blair applicants. Blair School of Music Application Required Materials: One artistic recommendation (with space for an additional, supplemental artistic recommendation) Music resume Repertoire list Prescreening video IMPORTANT NOTE: The Blair School of Music Application cannot be accessed until your Common Application, Coalition application (powered by Scoir), or QuestBridge application has been submitted and your MyAppVU portal has been created. Once your portal has been created, you can access the Blair School of Music Application through the "Application Checklist" section. Peabody Applicants Applicants to Peabody College who select a major of Elementary Education, Secondary Education, or Special Education will respond to the following short answer question about their interest in becoming an educator: Vanderbilt University's Peabody College of Education and Human Development has a rich tradition of excellence in teacher education, preparing students to pursue a research-grounded, practice-intensive program leading to licensure. Students pursuing careers in education spend as much time in the classrooms and hallways of Nashville's public schools as they do in seminar rooms on campus, observing and working in a variety of community and educational settings. Question: What prior experience with and enthusiasm for the field of education will you bring to Vanderbilt? In your response, reflect on why you want to be an educator. Homeschool Applicants No additional requirements are needed for homeschool applicants. As long as a homeschooled student has submitted all required pieces of the application process, we will consider their candidacy as we would any other student. Homeschool students should use the appropriate sections of their chosen application platform to explain curricular, social, or philosophical circumstances concerning their academic preparedness. It is often helpful to the Admissions Committee to understand the reasoning behind the homeschool choice. The School Report should be used to upload the mandatory transcript, and any additional supporting academic documents, including a detailed curriculum guide, and/or school profile, if available. While a detailed curriculum guide is not required, it is often helpful in providing a fuller picture of the student's academic background. Recommendations for Homeschool Applicants Individuals completing recommendations on behalf of homeschooled students applying through the Coalition Application should address the questions below in their recommendation (Used with permission of The Common Application®). Individuals completing recommendations on behalf of homeschooled students applying through the Common Application will be prompted to complete these questions through the Common Application. Please provide any information about the applicant's homeschool experience and environment that you believe would be helpful to the reader (e.g. educational philosophy, motivation for homeschooling, instruction setting, etc.). Please explain the grading scale or other methods of evaluation. Optional: If the student has taken courses from a distance learning program, traditional secondary school, or institution of higher education, please list the course title and content, sponsoring institution, instruction setting and schedule, and frequency of interactions with instructors and fellow students (once per day, week, etc.). In addition, if the student has taken any standardized testing other than those listed on the application, please also describe below. Are you a member of a homeschooler's association? Association name QuestBridge Applicants Applicants through the QuestBridge program should follow all application instructions outlined on the Vanderbilt page of the QuestBridge web site . International Applicants Additional Requirements: International applicants will be prompted to complete an international section of the Common Application Official results of the TOEFL iBT (including Home and Paper Editions) , TOEFL Essentials , IELTS , Cambridge English C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency , LanguageCert , or Duolingo English Test , if applicable. See recommended minimum score chart below. Applicants whose first language or language of instruction is English are not required to submit English proficiency exam scores. Applicants who score above 26 on the ACT English section or above 630 on the SAT Evidence-based Reading and Writing section are not required to submit English proficiency exam scores. English proficiency exams must be sent from a testing agency or high school official directly. English proficiency exams will not be superscored. Test Recommended minimum score TOEFL iBT 5 TOEFL Essentials 10.5 IELTS 7.0 Cambridge English C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency 185 LanguageCert 75 Duolingo English Test 130 A completed College Scholarship Service (CSS) Profile , if applicable International applicants requesting consideration for need-based financial aid are required to submit the CSS Profile showing their sources of financial support or the ISFAA (International Student Financial Aid Application). Students attending high school internationally or non-U.S. citizens attending high school in the U.S. may schedule a video interview with InitialView . All application pieces must be provided in English. Transcripts and recommendation letters not originally in English must be officially translated by the high school or certified translator; applicants may not provide their own translation of materials. An EducationUSA advising office can assist students with translation. Applicants must submit an official high school transcript, including all high school classes and grades or marks to date. Submitting only leaving exams will not complete your application. Permanent Resident Applicants Additional requirements: Green cards should be uploaded with your application. Green cards are manually processed by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions and may take up to 5 business days to show as complete on your portal. Only valid, current green cards will be accepted and will complete the green card requirement on the checklist. Asylee or Refugee Applicants Additional requirements: I-94 approval should be uploaded with your application or uploaded to your MyAppVU portal. I-94 documents are manually processed by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions and may take up to 5 business days to show up on your portal. Frequently Asked Questions After I submit my application, how do I notify the admissions office if I have updated or additional information? After submitting your application, you will be instructed to create your MyAppVU portal. Through this portal, you can upload additional application materials, change your decision plan, update your email and mailing addresses, etc. Are interviews required for applicants? Vanderbilt does not offer interviews through the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. Through partnerships with Glimpse and InitialView, Vanderbilt offers optional video submission opportunities for applicants. U.S. citizens, including undocumented students, attending high school in the U.S. may submit a 60-90 second video through Glimpse . Students attending high school internationally or non-U.S. citizens attending high school in the U.S. may schedule a video interview with InitialView . Can first-year students defer admission to Vanderbilt to a later start date? Yes, first-year applicants may request one deferral of admission to a later start date. One- or two-year deferrals of admission are granted on a case-by-case basis for entry into a subsequent fall term only. To request a deferral, you must send an email to deferrals@vanderbilt.edu by July 1. State your full name and that you are requesting a deferral. Once we receive your email, we will send you a deferral request form to complete. Once you have submitted the deferral request form, we will notify you of our decision within two weeks. To be granted a deferral, you must have claimed your spot in your entering class by paying the $400 matriculation deposit (or having it waived.) Deferral requests are often approved for students seeking additional educational or personal enrichment opportunities such as travel, internships, or service, or for students who have religious reasons or military obligations. Deferral requests from students planning to enroll in degree-seeking, full-time programs at another college will not be approved. Does Vanderbilt award credit for Advanced Placement (AP) and International Baccalaureate (IB) test scores? Yes, Vanderbilt generally awards college credit for a score of 4 or 5 on an Advanced Placement exam or 6 or 7 on an International Baccalaureate exam, though required scores vary depending on the exam. Details can be found in the Undergraduate Catalog . Does Vanderbilt consider demonstrated interest in the admissions review process? For Early Decision I, Early Decision II, Regular Decision , and Transfer Vanderbilt does not consider demonstrated interest during the application review process. While we welcome students to visit campus, participate in virtual visit programs, and contact our admissions team with questions, we do not track these interactions for the purpose of the admissions review. Waitlisted applicants will be asked to re-confirm their interest in attending Vanderbilt throughout the waitlist process. Does Vanderbilt defer applicants who apply Early Decision to Regular Decision? Yes, Vanderbilt may defer an Early Decision application. This means that the application will be considered within the Regular Decision application pool. Students applying through either Early Decision I or II may be deferred to Regular Decision. A defer to Regular Decision indicates that the application may be competitive for admission in the Regular Decision pool. Students who have been deferred to Regular Decision are released from the binding nature of the Early Decision application. Students who are deferred to Regular Decision should ask their school counselor to submit their first semester (or second trimester) grades once the grades are available. How are applicants with alumni relatives or "legacies" handled in Vanderbilt's admissions process? The admissions process at Vanderbilt uses a holistic approach to review applicants. Our process primarily includes review of applicants' academic achievement, community engagement and leadership, personal essay, short answer, and letters of recommendation. An alumni affiliation is merely one data point out of many data points considered during the application review process. Vanderbilt does not hold spots for students who have an alumni affiliation. Legacy applicants are held to the same standards of admission and are part of the same process as all other applicants. At all times, the Office of Undergraduate Admissions is looking to enroll the most highly qualified class who bring a wide array of talent and perspectives to campus, and who will foster a welcoming and highly engaged Vanderbilt community. How can I contact an admissions counselor? Anyone on our admissions team will be happy to answer your questions. How does the waitlist work at Vanderbilt? Because Vanderbilt receives so many more applications from highly qualified and capable students than there are available positions in the class, some students in whom the admission committee is very interested will receive an offer to join the waitlist. Once it is known how many students have accepted Vanderbilt's initial offer of admission, the admissions office will use the waitlist to fill the remaining spots in the entering class. The waitlist is not ranked; the selection of waitlist students will be based on a variety of factors and remaining needs for the class. How does Vanderbilt Office of Undergraduate Admissions consider ChatGPT and other forms of AI assistance? We understand that many students will use various forms of assistance as they prepare their application; ChatGPT and other forms of AI may be viewed as one of these sources of assistance. For example, students may rely on an essay-writing class to help brainstorm topic ideas for their essay. Or they may use grammar tools available online to check grammar in their writing. Or students may ask a parent or guardian or peer to read their essay and offer feedback on clarity or offer advice regarding structure of the essay. However, students should understand that it would not be proper to ask a teacher or parent to come up with the essay topic or to re-write an essay for the student. Likewise, AI should never be used to replace independent thinking on the part of the applicant. As applicants complete the essay portions of the application, they should always use their own voice and write about their own life experiences. I am admitted but can't afford the matriculation deposit, what do I do? Matriculation deposits may be waived based on the student's financial need. Admitted students receiving a federal Pell grant as part of their need-based financial aid package automatically have their matriculation deposit waived. Students admitted through QuestBridge College Match automatically have their matriculation deposit waived. International students receiving a need-based aid award automatically have their matriculation deposit waived. All students who have matriculation deposits waived MUST STILL claim their spot on their MyAppVU portal to secure their place in the class. I can't afford the application fee, what do I do? For U.S. citizens and eligible non-citizens, Vanderbilt accepts all application fee waiver requests submitted through the Coalition Application and the Common Application. The application fee is automatically waived for all applicants applying through the QuestBridge Application. I was denied admission. Can I appeal my decision? There is no process for appealing admissions decisions. All admissions decisions are final. We wish you the best as you pursue your educational goals. I was denied admission. Can I apply again through another decision plan for the same start term? No, you can apply through only one decision plan for any given start term. Additionally, you cannot apply as a transfer applicant after applying as a first-year applicant for the same start term. I'm applying for financial aid. Is Vanderbilt need-blind when reviewing applications? Yes, Vanderbilt is need-blind when reviewing applications for all U.S. citizens and eligible non-citizens. International transfer applicants are not eligible to receive need-based financial aid. Merit scholarships are not available for any transfer applicants regardless of citizenship. Read more details about Vanderbilt's excellent financial aid , including how to apply . What are the minimum high school coursework requirements for admission? Since Vanderbilt uses a holistic admissions review process, we do not have minimum coursework requirements. Most successful candidates will present a curriculum that includes the equivalent of five academic subjects each year for four years. Recommended course work includes 4 units of English, 4 units of mathematics, 4 units of natural science, 2 units of foreign language, 2 units of social science/humanities, and 4 units of additional course work in these areas, or other academic courses such as engineering science, computer science, social science or natural science research, or advanced work in the humanities. Close attention will be paid to the rigor of course work presented. It is highly recommended that candidates applying to the School of Engineering have taken calculus, calculus-based physics, and chemistry. What financial aid is available to international students and non-U.S. citizens? International students may apply for need-based and for merit-based scholarships. International students with demonstrated need who are admitted will have 100% of their demonstrated need met with grants and/or scholarships. Merit scholarship recipients with demonstrated need beyond the amount of the scholarship will have 100% of their need met with grant and/or scholarship assistance. Note that Vanderbilt is need-aware in the admissions process for international students; we may take into consideration the student's ability to finance a Vanderbilt education. Learn more about financial aid for international students . What happens if my family (or my school) has been impacted by a natural disaster, and I can't submit my materials on time? Students or counselors impacted by natural disasters should contact our admissions team with any concerns. We understand that during natural disasters, students may not be able to submit required materials by our published deadlines. We always try to offer as much flexibility as possible. There are times when students may need to apply Regular Decision because they are not able to submit required materials by Early Decision published deadlines. Most importantly, we will work with students and counselors on an individual basis during these times. Next Transfer Process Vanderbilt University Request Information Apply Visit Vanderbilt Find Your Major Contact Us Blair School of Music College of Arts & Science College of Connected Computing Peabody College School of Engineering Nashville, Tennessee 37240 615-322-7311 • Contact Us Vanderbilt University's Online Privacy Notice Twitter Threads Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Vanderbilt University is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. Vanderbilt University does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, military service, or genetic information in its administration of educational policies, programs, or activities; admissions policies; scholarship and loan programs; athletic or other University-administered programs; or employment. Accessibility information . Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University® and the Vanderbilt logos are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University. Site Development: Digital Strategies (Communications and Marketing.) © 2026