Skip to the content Skip to the Navigation Updates Program Faculty and Research Joseph POZSGAI-ALVAREZ Aleksandra BABOVIC Phillip HUGHES Jacob A.E. NIELSEN Christian ETZRODT Sainbayar GUNDSAMBUU Prospective Students Student info Student Life Student Assistant experience: Linh Hult Prize: Haruna Volunteer Opportunities: Wakana Dorm and housing information: Sheena Multilingual Café in Toyonaka Campus: Mei, Hana, Rezi Club teams and student experiences: Yuzuka Club teams and student experiences: Kamalini Circle experiences: Alissa Study Abroad: Maria Study Abroad: Sara Alumni Alumni Stories: Emma Alumni Stories: Tomoya Alumni Stories: Nam Alumni Stories: Giang Alumni Stories: Risa Alumni Stories: Asami Admissions Contact Admissions HOME Admissions The application submission period will be changed as follows. 2026: December 1-January 5* ↓ 2027: November 1-December 5* *Online registration and payment due date. For details, see this document. Admission Guidelines 2027 Application Guidelines Recommendation letter coversheet.pdf *The recommendation letter cover sheet will be posted at a later date. We will be accepting online registration from 10:00, December 1, 2026 through 23:59, January 5, 2027（JST-Japan Time） . The application fee must be paid by 23: 59, January 5, 2027（JST） All application documents must arrive by January 8, 2027 by post Certificate of Expected Graduation / Certificate of Graduation This file should be completed if a student does not have an official Certificate of Graduation or an Expected Certificate of Graduation. FAQ for admissions Admission Procedures We will be accepting applications for the Human Sciences International Undergraduate Degree Program from December 1st, 2026. Applicants should visit the Application Registration website https://e-apply.jp/n/osaka-u-inter (it is available from 10:00, December 1st, 2026 ) to get the URL for downloading an application from and a mailing information. Additional documentations that will be required are as follows: Secondary school transcripts and certificates * Post-secondary education transcripts and certificates (if relevant) A copy of a standardized academic test (e.g. SAT, ACT, AP, IB, A-level) Language proficiency test certification Personal statement Two recommendation letters outlining your suitability for this program *For students who have yet to sit their secondary school-leaving exams, please submit the Certificate of Expected Graduation using the template provided above. Please attach official predicted grades, where possible, and a grade transcript for all completed upper secondary school level courses (the equivalent of high school in Japan) to date. Please note that any offer made on the basis of anticipated grades will be conditional on meeting the grade level set out in the acceptance letter. For details, please see the guidelines. The Application Guideline for 2027 enrollment will be available at the end of July. If you have any questions, please contact us from the " Contact " above. Please note that the G30 Office will be closed from December 28, 2026 to January 3, 2027. We will not be able to respond to any inquiries during this period. Screening Admissions decisions are based primarily on a comprehensive screening of submitted documentation. Some applicants may be asked to attend an interview if we feel we want more information or clarification. In such a case, we will contact you by email. Results will be announced by late March. Successful applicants who have academic qualification in progress (e.g. IB and A-levels) and received a conditional letter of acceptance must submit the examination results as soon as they are available. Failure to meet any conditions may affect your admission status. The Notification of Acceptance will be sent to successful applicants in late March. The due date to reply to the offer is May 7. Based on the situation, we may be able to offer additional places to candidates on the waiting list afterward. Final Check of Academic Qualifications and Graduation Requirements This stage only involves those applicants who had academic qualification in progress. We will check that you have fulfilled all requirements for enrollment as laid out in any conditional offer given at the end March. We will check your documentation as it becomes available and then finalize any offer. Search for: e-apply Privacy Policy Sitemap School of Human Sciences, the University of Osaka International Undergraduate Degree Program 1-2 Yamadaoka, Suita, Osaka 565-0871 JAPAN Email:englishprogram[at mark]hus.osaka-u.ac.jp Facebook Facebook page Copyright © School of Human Sciences, the University of Osaka All Rights Reserved. MENU Updates Program Faculty and Research Joseph POZSGAI-ALVAREZ Aleksandra BABOVIC Phillip HUGHES Jacob A.E. NIELSEN Christian ETZRODT Sainbayar GUNDSAMBUU Prospective Students Student info Student Life Student Assistant experience: Linh Hult Prize: Haruna Volunteer Opportunities: Wakana Dorm and housing information: Sheena Multilingual Café in Toyonaka Campus: Mei, Hana, Rezi Club teams and student experiences: Yuzuka Club teams and student experiences: Kamalini Circle experiences: Alissa Study Abroad: Maria Study Abroad: Sara Alumni Alumni Stories: Emma Alumni Stories: Tomoya Alumni Stories: Nam Alumni Stories: Giang Alumni Stories: Risa Alumni Stories: Asami Admissions Contact Back to top