i Human Sciences International Undergraduate Degree Program The University of Osaka APPLICATION GUIDELINES October 2027 Enrollment ii CONTENTS Brief Overview of the Program 1 Admission Policy 2 Duration of Program (2027 cohort) 3 Student Intake 3 Checking Eligibility to Apply 3 Application Timeline 5 Application Instructions 6 Application Materials 7 1) Application form 7 2) Documents certifying eligibility to apply 7 3) Certification of English language proficiency 9 4) Results of standardized test for university admission 11 5) Personal statement 11 6) Recommendation letters 12 7) Passport 12 8) Payment certificate of application fee 12 Application Registration and Application Fee Payment 13 The Screening Process 15 Expenses Involved in Enrollment and Study 15 Economic Support 15 Accommodation Support 16 Handling of Personal Information 16 Appendix: International and National Qualifications and Test Scores for University Admission 17 1 Brief Overview of the Program The Human Sciences International Undergraduate Degree Program sets out to cultivate selfmotivated, reflective students who have a sophisticated knowledge base and the necessary practical skills to meet the challenges that they will face in our fast-changing, globalized world. The program aims to give students a well-defined area of disciplinary expertise that can be applied in different settings to bring workable solutions to a variety of problems and issues. This exciting and innovative program was launched in October 2011 by the School of Human Sciences in collaboration with other schools, graduate schools, and research centers at The University of Osaka. We aim to provide a vibrant and multicultural learning environment for students. In addition to providing an Englishmedium teaching and learning environment, we also expect students to gain proficiency in the Japanese language. There are curricular, co-curricular, and extra-curricular opportunities to learn the language and interact with regular, Japanese language-medium program students, domestic and international. We introduced a new structure to our program in the autumn of 2 019. After taking shared foundation courses in the first three semes ters, from the fourth semester students will begin to take advanced courses. At that time, we will invite students to choose one of three areas to focus their studies: Diversity and Inclusion Studies, Japan Studies or Political and Global Studies. They will take advanced level courses to build their expertise in one of these areas of concentration and also focus their undergraduate dissertation in a related area of research. Please note that regardless of the area chosen, the degree awarded at graduation is a Bachelor of Human Sciences. ・ Diversity and Inclusion Studies This focus asks students to address issues of equality, participation and inclusion for people who are very differently located in society. Students will be expected to explore the question of what systems methodologies and practices are needed to create greater equality, participation , and inclusion across diverse settings such as education, health, and business. Examples of courses include: Human Rights; Health, Education and Inequality; Civil Society Movements; Sociology of Migration; and Gender and Development. Students focusing on Diversity and Inclusion Studies will gain skills and knowledge that will pr ovide a good foundation for further study leading to a future career working in international organizations such as UNESCO, non -profit organizations, charities and corporate social responsibility sections, and human resource management in companies. This concentration will link directly with the activities of the UNESCO Chair in Global Health and Education established at The University of Osaka. 2 ・ Japan Studies Economically, technologically, and culturally, Japan has a major impact on global society. Healthy living and a universal system of health care have helped Japan achieve the longest life expectancy in the world, yet this has come hand -in-hand with the challenge of hyper-ageing. In a society that has 'too-fewchildren', demographics and how to better balance work and family life are major issues. The Japan Studies focus invites students to study Japan from a number of angles , including its culture, social systems, and institutions, as well as its global influence. Example s of courses include : Contemporary Educational Issues in Japan, Social Stratification in Japan, Religion in Japanese Society, Popular Culture, and Japanese Law. Students who take this concentration will be well positioned to seek employment in Japanese organizations and Japan-related fields overseas. ・ Political and Global Studies Knowledge of politics and international relations is more important than ever in today's interconnected world. The Political and Global Studies concentration offers students a rigorous selection of courses covering domestic politics, international relations, and political economy. Examples of courses include Peace and Conflict Studies, East Asian Politics, Globalization, as well as courses on Japanese politics. Students will synthesize the knowledge they gain from advanced study into writing their 4th year undergraduate thesis. Overall, the Political and Global Studies concentration offers students a range of knowledge, training, and critical thinking skills appropriate for a politically or internationally focused career. Admission Policy The Human Sciences International Undergraduate Degree Program welcomes applications from suitably qualified international students and domestic students with an international education background. We recognizes the great academic and cultural value of having a diverse student body studying together in a community of learning. The University of Osaka is one of the leading teaching and research universities in Japan, and it continues to attract highly talented applicants. This program allows for intensive study in relatively small groups. The eligibility requirements described below reflect the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science, and Technology's (MEXT) minimum level of qualifications and criteria for submitting an application. Successful applicants will have an excellent academic record that shows they are highly motivated and engaged in learning. They will also be outstanding members of their school community and have a record of service. Given these expectations, we will be screening applicants not only on the basis of evidence of academic ability (GPA and exam scores etc.) , but on their whole application. In other words, we consider each applicant holistically using all the information that is submitted to us. 3 Duration of Program (2027 cohort) October 1, 2027 to September 30, 2031 (4 years) * *For students who meet required academic criteria, accelerated graduation after 3.5 years is possible. Student Intake This program currently enrolls only a small number of students. This allows for intensive study and supervision. Checking Eligibility to Apply Due to Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science, and Technology (MEXT) requirements, to be eligible to apply for this program you must be one of the following types of student by September 30, 2027. Criteria 1: An international applicant (defined here as a student applying from outside of Japan) who has completed a standard 12-year school education curriculum (primary, lower and upper secondary) in a country other than Japan. Including here, is an applicant who has completed a standard 12-year school education curriculum in a country outside Japan in less than 12 years as a result of being promoted up a grade ahead of his or her peers. Criteria 2: An international applicant who is at least 18 years of age and who, while not completing all twelve years of their education in that particular country, has passed upper secondary school level examinations and therefore is considered to have reached the same academic level as a student who has completed the standard 12-year school education curriculum of that country and therefore is eligible to apply for university in that country. Criteria 3: An international applicant who has completed primary and secondary school education in line with the stipulations of that country or passed upper secondary school level examinations and therefore considered to have reached the same academic level as a stu dent who has completed the standard primary and secondary school education curriculum of that country. However, because the qualification is not considered equivalent to a full 12 years in the Japanese system, applicants need to have completed a pre-univer sity preparatory education course required for admission to Japanese universities as designated by MEXT. Criteria 4: An international applicant who has completed a curriculum in a school that is considered to be the equivalent of high school (upper secondary) level and met the requirements stipulated by MEXT. The applicant should have completed at least 11 years of education in a country outside Japan at institution(s) that meet standards laid down by MEXT. 4 Criteria 5: A Japan-based applicant who has completed a program of study in Japan at an educational institution designated by MEXT that is recognized within the educational system of a foreign country as having a curriculum equivalent to that of a foreign school corresponding to upper secondary education and therefore is considered to have completed the standard 12-year school education curriculum of that country and is eligible to apply for university in that country. Criteria 6: A Japan-based applicant who has completed a program of study in Japan at an educational institution designated by MEXT as offering the national curriculum of a foreign country and therefore is eligible to apply for university in that country. However, beca use the standard school education curriculum of that country consists of less than 12 years, applicants need to have completed a pre university preparatory education course required for admission to Japanese universities as designated by MEXT. Criteria 7: An applicant who has obtained the International Baccalaureate Diploma awarded by the International Baccalaureate Organization. Criteria 8: An applicant who has obtained the Abitur issued by the Federal Republic of Germany for college entrance. Criteria 9: An applicant who has obtained the Baccalaureate Diploma issued by the French Republic for college entrance. Criteria 10: An applicant who has obtained the General Certificate of Advanced Level o r the International General Certificate of Advanced Level accredited as a qualification for admission to a university in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Criteria 11: An applicant who has obtained the European Baccalaureate Diploma issued by the European Union for college entrance. Criteria 12: An applicant who has completed the standard 12-year school curriculum at an accredited international school in Japan designated by MEXT. Recognized international accrediting agencies include WASC, ACSI, CIS, NEASC, Cognia and COBIS. NOTE：  If you have completed your studies at a non-accredited international school in Japan or you are unsure whether you are eligible to apply, please contact the HUS International Program Office as early as possible before applying. 5 Application Timeline Please note that all deadlines are JAPAN STANDARD TIME on the date indicated. 10:00 (JST - Japan Standard Time), December 1, 2026 Application period opens 23:59 (JST - Japan Standard Time), January 5, 2027 Deadline for the online application registration and the application fee payment January 8 Deadline for receipt of application documents by post February 17 Some applicants may be invited for an interview if we want more information or clarification. In such a case, we will contact you by email by February 17. The interview can be face-to-face or via an internet interface. From mid- February to midMarch Interviews March 26 The Notification of screening result by email. If you receive a conditional offer, your place will be confirmed only when any conditions attached to the offer are met. May 7 Deadline to reply to your offers by email June (Please wait for details) Deadline for payment of the enrollment fee. Visa application July Deadline for students completing the IB program to submit IB results to confirm offers August Deadline for students completing A levels to submit final A level results to confirm offers Late September Arrive in Japan. Move into the dorm or other accommodation. Matriculation ceremony October 1 Classes begin 6 Application Instructions We will be accepting online registrations from December 1, 2026 through January 5, 2027. The application fee must be paid by January 5, 2027. All application documents must arrive by January 8, 2027 by post. 1. Visit the following Application Registration website and complete your registration. https://e-apply.jp/n/osaka-u-inter After completing the registration, you should pay the application fee by pressing "Continue to pay" button. For more details, please refer to page 14, ' Application Registration and Application Fee Payment' section. 2. Upon application registration and application fee payment, you will receive another automatic reply email directing you to a URL link for downloading the application form. You will also be informed the mailing address for the application. 3. Submit the Personal Statement to hus.iudp@office.osaka-u.ac.jp by email by January 8, 2027. For details, see page 12. 4. Post the following required documents to the mailing address that you received in the automatic reply email. The application documents must arrive by January 8, 2027. Items Required See page(s) Application form 〇 7 Official transcript from high school/ secondary schooling 〇 7-9 Certificate of expected graduation/ graduation 〇 7-9 Official copy of a standardized academic test where applicable (e.g. SAT, ACT, AP, IB, A-level, etc.) If applicable 7-9, 17-19 Copy of certificate of English language proficiency (e.g. TOEFL/IELTS test scores, etc.) 〇 9-11 Two letters of recommendation 〇 12 Copy of personal details page of your passport 〇 12 Copy of receipt of application fee payment 〇 13-14 Predicted scores for academic qualifications in progress where available (e.g. IB, A-levels, Secondary school leaving exam, etc.) If applicable 17-19 NOTES When you post the application documents  Over the New Year's Holiday, from December 26, 2026 to January 3, 2027, the HUS International Program Office is closed. We will not be able to respond to any inquiries during this period.  Application documents must send out by a mailing service that has tracking numbers such as EMS, FedEx, DHL, UPS, Japan Post Letter Pack-Plus/Light, etc. 7 NOTES  Copies of original document s are acceptable, but we reserve the right to review the original prior to or at the time of enrollment.  If the final official transcript is in a language other than English or Japanese, please ensure that an officially validated translation is provided.  The application may be rejected if significant errors are found in the application materials. We do not normally allow changes to application materials after submission.  Submitted documents will not be returned.  Should an applicant provide false information in the application, he/she will be automatically rejected. Should such falsification come to light after the student has enrolled, disciplinary action will be taken, including expulsion from the program.  All communication from the university to the applicant, including the screening results, will be sent to the email address provided in the application form. Please inform us if your email address changes for any reason.  Any changes in the application process will be announced on our website. Application Materials 1) Application form Download and complete the application form from the URL included in the automatic reply email. 2) Documents certifying eligibility to apply Eligibility Required Documents Criteria 1 or 4 ・Certificate of graduation from the last school attended (upper secondary level) or a corresponding letter showing expected date of graduation. In the case that the last school attended was an institution of higher education (university), then please also include the upper secondary level certificate of graduation. ・Academic transcript from the last school attended (upper secondary level). In the case that the last school attended was an institution of higher education (university), then please also include your secondary level academic transcripts (corresponding to high school level in Japan). In the case of having passed a standardized examination for university entrance (corresponding to an exam taken at high school level in Japan), please include certificates of your examination results (for example, the Gao Kao, A levels or IB Diploma). ・A certificate of accelerated promotion if you were promoted a grade. Criteria 2 ・Certification showing that you have passed the relevant examination(s). ・Academic transcript showing results of the relevant examinations. 8 Eligibility Required Documents Criteria 3 or 6 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation from a school corresponding to a Japanese high school (upper secondary level). ・Applicants who have passed the certified exams should present their results certificate and academic transcript. ・Certificate of completion of a pre-university preparatory course of education or certificate of scheduled completion. Criteria 5 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation, Criteria 7 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation from a school corresponding to a Japanese high school (upper secondary level). ・Copy of your International Baccalaureate Diploma. ・ Certificate of examination results from the International Baccalaureate Examination (six subjects, TOK and EE). Criteria 8 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation from a school corresponding to a Japanese high school (upper secondary level). ・Copy of your General Qualification Form for University Entrance (Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife). Criteria 9 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation from a school corresponding to a Japanese high school (upper secondary level). ・Copy of your French Baccalaureate Diploma. ・ Certificate of examination results from the French Baccalaureate Examination. Criteria 10 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation from a school corresponding to a Japanese high school (upper secondary level). ・Certificate of examination results from the GCE A level or IGCE A level. Criteria 11 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation from a school corresponding to a Japanese high school (upper secondary level) ・ Certificate of examination results from the European Baccalaureate Examination. Criteria 12 ・Academic transcript and certificate of graduation from a school corresponding to a Japanese high school (upper secondary level) ・Document confirming that the educational institution is accredited by an internationally recognized accreditation body (e.g., WASC, CIS, ACSI, NEASC, Cognia, or COBIS). 9 NOTES:  Those who are not graduating until after the January 8 , 2027 deadline should send or have sent, where possible, official predicted grades and a grade transcript for all completed upper secondary school level courses (the equivalent of high school in Japan) to date and certificate of expected graduation. Pending graduation certificates and final academic transcripts should be sent on once they become available.  Those who are attending or graduated from college or university should include the transcript and the certificate of their student status or the certificate of graduation. 3) Certification of English language proficiency Applicants need to provide proof of English proficiency either through school transcripts or one of the following exams or tests. English Language Test Requirement(s) a. TOEFL iBT (Internet-based TOEFL) b. TOEFL Special Home Edition A minimum score of 4.5 (or 85 if you took the test on or before January 20, 2026) is required If submitting a TOEFL score, the score should be obtained before January 8, 2027 and be within the two-year validity period. When submitting your TOEFL score, please note the following: ・ Submit your test score through ETS® Data Manager so that we can check your test result online. Please send a copy of your test result along with the application documents as well. *The DI code is: B815 ・ Scores from TOEFL-ITP (Institutional Testing Program) are not valid. ・ MyBestTM Scores are not acceptable. ・ The scores from applicants who decide not to proceed with their application will be held for five years and then disposed of in line with program policy for application materials. Likewise, scores received after the application period will be disposed of in the same way. In case of TOEFL Special Home Edition , we will interview short listed candidates. a. IELTS Academic Module b. IELTS Indicator (Continued to next page) A minimum score of 6.5 is required (generally no component score below 6.0). If submitting an IELTS score, the score should be obtained before January 8, 2027 and be within the two-year validity period. When submitting your score, please note the following: ・ Submit a copy of the Test Report Form (TRF) along with the application documents so that we can check your score through IELTS TRF Verification Service. 10 (IELTS Academic Module) ・ The scores of any applicants who decided not to proceed with their application will be held for five years and then disposed of in line with program policy for application materials. Likewise, scores received after the application period will be disposed of in the same way. In case of IELTS Indicator, we will interview short listed candidates. Cambridge Certificate in Advanced English (CAE) A grade of C or above is required. Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE) A grade of C or above is required. GCSE English language at grade C or above is required. IGCSE English language at grade C or above is required. GCE AS level in English Language or A Level in an arts or humanities subject (for example English, history, psychology, geography, economics) A grade of C or above is required. Scottish Certificate of Education Standard or High Grade English A grade of C or above is required. Irish Leaving Certificate Ordinary Level or High Level A grade of C or above is required. HKALE AS Level in use of English at D or above; A level in an arts or humanities subject (for example English, history, psychology, geography, economics) HKDSE English language at level 4 or above is required. International Baccalaureate (IB Diploma) with English A1 at either standard or higher level A grade of 4 or above is required. English B will be accepted if at higher level and at grade 4 or above. European Baccalaureate (EB Diploma) English at 6.5 or above is required. Other Some other international and national qualifications are also recognized as proof of English language proficiency. If in doubt, please check with us. 11 Alternatively, applicants can prove English proficiency through demonstrable academic experience in an English-speaking environment. We take the following as proof of English proficiency although additional documents may be required: 1. Applicant has recently undertaken upper secondary (high school) study where a wide range of courses have been undertaken and assessed in English and the student has received at least passing grades. 2. Applicant has recently undertaken undergraduate level study at a university in which core courses have been undertaken and assessed in English and the student has received at least passing grades. 3. Applicant has recently undertaken employment that has required English speaking, reading and writing for a period of not less than 24 months. 4) Results of standardized tests for university admission Submit official scores of any standardized academic test for university entrance that you have taken. See the Appendix for details. 5) Personal statement ★Please submit the personal statement to hus.iudp@office.osaka-u.ac.jp by email Provide a personal statement in which you explain, in concrete terms, how the experience of studying in our program would contribute to your professional goals and personal development. In your statement, we are particularly interested in understanding how your academic background, interests, and future plans align with the structure and aims of our program. Be sure to include which of the three focus areas (Diversity and Inclusion Studies, Japan Studies, or Political and Global Studies) you are most interested in and why, and how you believe your presence would contribute to the academic community at The University of Osaka. This statement will help us assess your motivation, preparedness, and overall fit for the program. (approx. 700 words) NOTES:  Please word-process using double spacing and a 12-point font.  Format: MS Word (doc and docx), Rich Text Format (RTF), Plain text (txt), PDF, Pages  Please ensure that your name appears on each page in the header. 12 6) Recommendation letters We require that you submit a recommendation letter from two recommenders (teachers, career counsellors, or the headteacher.). Select recommenders who possess sufficient knowledge to engage in a meaningful discussion regarding your academic and social capabilities, including an evaluation of your character. Each recommender should complete a recommendation letter and a Recommendation Cover Sheet. The Recommendation Cover Sheet is available on our website ( https://iudp.hus.osakau.ac.jp/admissions/). To facilitate the process, write down your name, date of birth, and graduation date on it and provide it to your recommenders. Please ask each recommender to place their Recommendation Cover Sheet with their letter of recommendation in an envelope, seal it, sign it across the seal and return it to you. Please do not open the sealed envelopes, as doing so will make your documents invalid. Include the two sealed envelopes along with other required application documents in your application packet. 7) Passport Submit a copy of your passport. If you have two or more citizenships, please submit copies of all of them. If you have a Japan residence card (在留カード), please submit a copy of it as well. If you do not have a valid passport, submit a photocopy of another official certificate of your country , such as a birth certificate or an official registry. 8) Payment certificate of application fee Include a copy of the receipt of application fee payment in your application packet. ×two recommenders 13 Application Registration and Application Fee Payment  Preparation Prepare a computer and printer connected to the internet. The Receipt of Application Fee Payment must be printed out for submission.  Registration for the System i. Applicants should visit the following website for application registration. https://e-apply.jp/n/osaka-u-inter ii. Applicants should then input their basic information about their application. Please select the following. Program: 【HUS】Human Sciences International Undergraduate Degree Program Once the registration is completed by clicking "Apply button", make sure to write down the receipt number (12 digits). This number is required to confirm and print your application later. iii. Applicants can proceed to application fee payment by clicking the "Continue to pay" button. Upon successful application registration and application fee payment, you will receive an automatic reply email guiding you to a URL link to download the application form. You will also be provided with the mailing address for the application. If you're unable to make the payment immediately, you can do so later using the payment link provided in the confirmation email, which will be sent to you after completing your application registration. However, be sure to complete the payment within the deadline specified in the email. If the deadline passes, you'll need to restart the registration process to receive a new valid payment link. Please note that there may be a case in which you do not receive the confirmation email if you restrict email receptions*. To receive the confirmation email, please change the mail setting to receive emails from the sender (@e-apply.jp) if you restrict email reception. * Note that the email may sometimes end up in the junk mail folder.  Payment 1) Application Fee: 17,000 JPY Payment Period: 10:00, December 1, 2026 - 23:59, January 5, 2027 (JST - Japan Time) Application fees are not refundable except in the following cases. a) The applicant did not submit the application documents. b) The application documents were not accepted. c) The applicant made a duplicate payment by mistake. Applicants who meet at least one of the above conditions are eligible to request a refund. The Refund Request Form must be duly completed and submitted by email to the International College Office (internationalcollege@office.osaka-u.ac.jp) no later than March 31, 2027. The form will be available for download from the URL included in the acknowledgement email automatically sent upon confirmation of the application fee payment. 14 2) How to Pay the Application Fee There are four payment methods that the 'Application Fee Payment System' can be accepted: a) Credit Card b) ATM of Post office or Bank c) Internet Banking d) Convenience Store a) Credit Card (VISA, Master, JCB, AMERICAN EXPRESS, MUFG, DC, UFJ, NICOS) The payment can be completed during the online application The card number should be into the Payment System. The account holder's name does not need to match the applicant's name. b) ATM of Post office or Bank *only available in Japan Write down the number displayed after your online application is registered, and pay at any one of the ATMs with a Pay-easy option as instructed on the screen. Banks with a Pay-easy option can be checked on the [Selection of Payment Method] page. c) Internet Banking After your online application is registered, the page of the site of the bank you chose will open. Make the payment as instructed on the screen. It is required that your bank account is registered for internet banking. The payment can be completed online. d) Convenience Store *only available in Japan The fee can be paid at one of the following convenience stores: Seven Eleven, LAWSON, Family Mart, Daily Yamazaki, Yamazaki Daily Store, MINISTOP, or Seicomart.  Printing of the Receipt of 'Application Fee Payment' After the payment is completed, the receipt of 'Application Fee Payment (PDF)' will be downloadable. It should be printed in A4 size and submitted with the other application materials. If you have any questions regarding the payment of the application fee, please contact the International College Office. internationalcollege@office.osaka-u.ac.jp <Inquiries about This Web Site and Its Operation> Technical Assistance Center (Operating company: Career-tasu, Inc.) E-Mail: cvs-web@career-tasu.co.jp ※ This contact is for technical support only and cannot respond to inquiries regarding entrance examinations or university-related matters. 15 The Screening Process We aim to gain a clear view of the applicant 's academic achievement and potential , as well as their motivations and fit for the program. In this process, we may need additional information or to clarify certain points. In such a case, we will invite the applicant to be interviewed via an internet conferencing system. The result of the screening (and the interview for interviewed applicants) will be announced on March 26. Successful applicants who have academic qualificati on in progress (e.g. IB and A-levels) and received a conditional letter of acceptance must submit the examination results as soon as they are available. Failure to meet any condition may affect your admission status. Expenses Involved in Enrollment and Study Unless students receive economic support (see below), in most cases, successful applicants will need to bear the following expenses relating to enrollment and study: enrollment fee, tuition, travel costs, accommodation (rent and utilities), daily living expenses, national health insurance costs and miscellaneous expenses. To hold your place at The University of Osaka, a successful applicant must pay an enrollment fee in June. See The University of Osaka website and the JASSO website for further details. *The University of Osaka - About the enrollment fee (matriculation fee) and tuition fees http://www.osaka-u.ac.jp/en/guide/student/tuition/tuition.html *JASSO - "Student Guide to Japan" http://www.jasso.go.jp/en/study_j/sgtj.html#contents Economic Support We expect a number of competitive scholarship opportunities to become available for international students both before and after enrollment. These are usually offered on the basis of academic performance to date. Students can also apply for tuition waivers after joining the program . Students may become eligible for additional sources of support after enrolling in the program. Accommodation Support Students in this program are given priority for places in the university dormitory for the first year. These accommodation expenses, while heavily subsidized, have to be covered by the student. 16 Handling of Personal Information Personal information, such as names and addresses, provided in the application form and submission documents , will only be used for admissions -related purposes, including the selection process, announcement of results, and enrollment procedures . For successful applicants, such information may be used for academic affairs, student support services, and tuition collection-related operations. Personal information such as examination scores and other assessment results used for screening will be used to tabulation and analysis of admissions results, research and study of screening methods, and student support services. In addition to the purposes stated above, the personal information obtained may also be used for improving screening methods and university education, and for university administration and management (various surveys/analyses, program and project planning, etc.). However, no outcomes will be published in a manner that identifies individual persons. In conducting those operations, International College Office or the university may entrust certain tasks to external service providers. In such cases, International College Office or the university will conclude the necessary agreements to ensure that personal information is handled appropriately, and may provide the service provider with all or part of personal information submitted, solely to extent required for outsourced tasks. 17 Instructions for students who will be taking international or national academic qualifications that will not be available until after the January 8, 2027, application deadline: Where predicted scores are available (these are official predictions of subject and final scores put together by your school) these should be sent on to us in a sealed envelope. Where possible, arrange for final results to be sent through from the examination center . Alternatively, submit a transcript of your score(s) when it (they) become(s) available. 1. International academic qualification: Test/ qualification Institution name and code Note International Baccalaureate Diploma Institution Code: 036164 If at the time of application you have not sat your IB examination or the results have not yet been released, send the predicted scores issued by your school official. Make arrangements with your IB coordinator to have your final IB results sent directly to us. GCE A Level, International A level Submit your General Certificate of Education Alevels or Cambridge International Examination Alevels results (a minimum of three subjects at Advanced level are required). If, at the time of application, you have not sat your A levels or the results have not yet been released, send predicted grades created by your school or college and then send on the A- levels results once they are announced. SAT Institution Code: 7099 ACT Institution Code: 1359 ・No subject specified AP Institution Code: 7099 ・No subject specified APPENDIX International and National Qualifications and Test Scores for University Admission 18 2. National/Regional academic qualification ・ In addition to 1. International academic qualification, the following National/regional academic qualification are also accepted. ・ Please review the application eligibility again on pages 3 and 4. ・ If you want to use other test scores/qualifications or if you have any questions, please contact the HUS International Program Office as early as possible before applying. County/Region Test/ Qualification name Australia ・Australia Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) or the relevant national standardized test administered by your country or state as a pre-requisite to study at university Canada ・Provincial secondary school diploma as a pre -requisite to study at university in Canada (e.g. Ontario Secondary School Diploma) China ・Gao Kao (National Higher Education Entrance Examination) France ・Diploma du Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement du Second Degré and your Relevé des Notes. Germany ・Zeugnis der Allgemeinen Hochschulreife Hungary ・Gimnaziumi Erettsegi Bizonyitvany ・Erettsegi Vizsga (Matura) Hong Kong ・HKALE (Hong Kong Advanced Level Examination) ・HKDSE (Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education) India ・All India Senior Secondary Examination (CBSE) ・Indian School Certificate (CISCE) ・Indian Higher Secondary Certificate (State board exams) Indonesia ・Surat Tanda Tamat Belajar Sekolah Menengah Umum Tingkat Atas (STTB SMA) Kazakhstan ・Nazarbayev Intellectual Schools' (NIS) Grade 12 Certificate Malaysia ・Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) Mongolia ・Certificate of Complete Secondary Education New Zealand ・National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Level 3 Myanmar ・Basic Education High School Examination/Matriculation Peru ・Certficado de Educaión Secundaria Común Completa ・Diploma de Aptitud Profesional Republic of Korea ・Korea Republic College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) Romania ・Bacalaureatul (Matura) Singapore ・Singapore GCE A Levels Taiwan ・General Scholastic Ability Test (GSAT) 19 County/Region Test/ Qualification name Thailand ・Mathayom Suksa (Maw 6, Certificate of Secondary Education) The Netherlands ・V oorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) United Kingdom ・General Certificate of Education A-levels ・Cambridge International Examination A-levels ・AS level if available and A levels - a minimum of three subjects at Advanced level are required. If at the time of application period you have not sat your A levels or the results have not yet been released, send the AS level results and then send on the A level results once they are announced. We will use the AS level results in lieu of predicted scores for A levels at this stage. Uzbekistan ・O'rta Ma'lumot To'g'risida Shahodatnoma (Certificate of Completed Secondary Education) United States of America ・SAT (Institution Code: 7099) ・ACT (Institution Code: 1359) ・AP (Institution Code: 7099) Vietnam ・ Tot Nghiep Pho Thong Trung Hoc (Upper Secondary School Graduation Certificate) Other Educational Systems Submit the relevant academic qualifications and test results recognized for university entrance in your country and a performance evaluation certificate explaining the results. Human Sciences International Undergraduate Degree Program URL: https://iudp.hus.osaka-u.ac.jp/ Email: hus.iudp@office.osaka-u.ac.jp