FAQ for admissions About eligibility/ requirement for admission Q: I am a Japanese citizen, but I have studied at an international school in another country. Am I eligible? A: The eligibility for applying for the Program depends on the educational curriculum, not on citizenship. In your case, you may fit the criteria 1 (an applicant who completed a standard 12-year school education curriculum in a country other than Japan) and/ or 7 (an applicant who has obtained or is expected to obtain the International Baccalaureate Diploma before entering the Program, that is by September 30th of the year of admission) and be eligible to apply for our program. Q: I am not a Japanese citizen, but I have studied at an international school outside Japan. Am I eligible? A: Yes, please refer to the first question. Q: I am not a Japanese citizen, and I have studied at a regular public/private school outside Japan where English is not the language of the country, but I am fluent in English. Am I eligible? A: Yes, as long as you provide English proficiency certification that meets the application requirements. Q: I am not a Japanese citizen but I am attending a regular high school in Japan. Am I eligible? A: We regret to say that you are not eligible to apply to our Program. You can apply for the other regular undergraduate programs of The University of Osaka. Q: I am 30+ years old, and many years have passed since I graduated from high school. Am I eligible? A: Yes. We do not set any criteria for the application age as long as applicants have completed at least a 12-year education curriculum (for eligibility criteria, please check Criteria 1 to 3 in the Application Guidelines). Q: Do you have A-level grade requirements? What is the minimum passing grade? A: We do not set minimum requirements for A-levels since the minimum A-level entry requirement is different each year as it is adjusted to the level of peer applicants. The same applies to IB grades, SAT, ACT or other types of scores. Q: Can I enroll at your university in April? A: Our academic year runs from October. We open admissions only once a year, starting in December. About documents Q: At the time of the deadline, I will not be able to submit the final transcripts or official test scores because I am still in the final year of school. What should I do? A: Please submit the latest transcripts and/or predicted scores generated by your school at the time of application. In addition, be sure to submit an official certificate of expected graduation. For details, please check Application Guidelines pp. 7~8. Q: I am a non-native speaker of English and attending an international school (or a local school in the US/UK/Australia/New Zealand and others) with all subjects taught in English. Do I have to submit the results of English proficiency tests? A: If you have been taught in English for most of your education years, you do not need to submit any results of such tests. However, please note that TOEFL or IELTS scores may be required if you wish to apply for some Japanese scholarships (e.g., Japanese government (MEXT) Scholarship, JASSO Scholarship, etc.) after admission. Q: Can I submit EJU (日本留学試験) scores instead of SAT or any other international test scores? A: We do not accept EJU scores. Q: Do I need to provide a Japanese language proficiency document? A: No, you do not. Japanese language skills are unnecessary because all classes are taught in English. However, it is fine to submit them as supplementary documents to show your Japanese language ability. Q: I have several passports, including a Japanese one. By which nationality should I apply/enroll for the Program? A: You should state all your nationalities when applying and enrolling. Note, however, there is a legally required regulation by which people holding multiple passports, including a Japanese one, must enter Japan with their Japanese passport (Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act, Article 7). About scholarships Q: Where I can get the scholarship information? A: You will find the information on tuition waivers and scholarships at the following URL: https://iudp.hus.osaka-u.ac.jp/prospective-students/ Q: Can I apply for scholarships in advance? A: Not at this time. We will notify successful applicants for this program if/when scholarships will become available. Q: Are there any scholarships available for Japanese students in this program? A: For Japanese students, there might be the opportunity of a recommendation scholarship offered by The University of Osaka. However, the number of placements is quite limited. Only candidates with outstanding academic performance can be recommended for the scholarship. Other Q: Do you accept transfer students? A: No, we do not. A successful applicant may be able to transfer credits earned at other universities if they get approval from the Committee overseeing our Program, but they have to enroll as a freshman. Q: I have mandatory military service to do in my country. If I am a successful applicant, can I delay my enrollment? A: Unfortunately, we do not have a system of delayed enrollment. If you can't find an answer to your question in this FAQ article, please email us with the details of the issue at: englishprogram@hus.osaka-u.ac.jp Human Sciences International Undergraduate Degree Program, The University of Osaka https://iudp.hus.osaka-u.ac.jp