Skip to the content Skip to the Navigation Updates Program Faculty and Research Joseph POZSGAI-ALVAREZ Aleksandra BABOVIC Phillip HUGHES Jacob A.E. NIELSEN Christian ETZRODT Sainbayar GUNDSAMBUU Prospective Students Student info Student Life Student Assistant experience: Linh Hult Prize: Haruna Volunteer Opportunities: Wakana Dorm and housing information: Sheena Multilingual Café in Toyonaka Campus: Mei, Hana, Rezi Club teams and student experiences: Yuzuka Club teams and student experiences: Kamalini Circle experiences: Alissa Study Abroad: Maria Study Abroad: Sara Alumni Alumni Stories: Emma Alumni Stories: Tomoya Alumni Stories: Nam Alumni Stories: Giang Alumni Stories: Risa Alumni Stories: Asami Admissions Contact Prospective Students HOME Prospective Students Tuition Fees Tuition at the University of Osaka is considerably lower than for private institutions as the Japanese government heavily subsidizes the study of each student. For information on Tuition Fees in the University of Osaka, see the link below: http://www.osaka-u.ac.jp/en/guide/student/tuition/tuition.html All the University of Osaka students are eligible to apply for a tuition fee exemption (for either half or all tuition fees). The application period for spring semester tuition fee exemption is from late March to early April. Applications for autumn semester tuition fee exemption are accepted from late September to early October. Please refer to the link below for the details. http://www.osaka-u.ac.jp/en/guide/student/tuition/remission Scholarship Opportunities We expect a number of scholarship Opportunities to become available for international students after enrollment. These are usually offered on the basis of academic performance to date. Students become eligible for additional sources of support after enrolling in the program. (1) The University of Osaka Scholarship This scholarship is for students with outstanding grades. A monthly stipend of 80,000 JPY is provided to those who received an OU scholarship. (2) Financial aid offered by private organizations, etc. Financial aid offered by private organizations is available to international students and Japanese students. Contact the Suita Student Center regarding financial aid for Japanese students or the International College Office regarding financial aid for international students. Students are advised of applicable financial aid opportunities; however, please note that because candidates are screened competitively not all applicants ultimately receive scholarships. (3) Other financial aid In addition, the 'Reservation Program for Monbukagakusho Honors Scholarship for Privately Financed International Students by Pre-arrival Admission' is offered on a competitive basis by the Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO). It is made available to international students who have been accepted and will enroll in the University of Osaka. A monthly stipend of 48,000 JPY is provided for a fixed period of time in order to reduce students' financial burden and allow them to concentrate on their studies. Please refer to JASSO's website (Japanese only) for the details. http://www.jasso.go.jp/ Destinations after Graduation Global and Japanese corporations International agencies including the UN, government and municipal agencies, NGOs, etc. Graduate studies at Japanese universities or other universities around the world Graduate School Alumni Employment Alumni Search for: e-apply Privacy Policy Sitemap School of Human Sciences, the University of Osaka International Undergraduate Degree Program 1-2 Yamadaoka, Suita, Osaka 565-0871 JAPAN Email:englishprogram[at mark]hus.osaka-u.ac.jp Facebook Facebook page Copyright © School of Human Sciences, the University of Osaka All Rights Reserved. MENU Updates Program Faculty and Research Joseph POZSGAI-ALVAREZ Aleksandra BABOVIC Phillip HUGHES Jacob A.E. NIELSEN Christian ETZRODT Sainbayar GUNDSAMBUU Prospective Students Student info Student Life Student Assistant experience: Linh Hult Prize: Haruna Volunteer Opportunities: Wakana Dorm and housing information: Sheena Multilingual Café in Toyonaka Campus: Mei, Hana, Rezi Club teams and student experiences: Yuzuka Club teams and student experiences: Kamalini Circle experiences: Alissa Study Abroad: Maria Study Abroad: Sara Alumni Alumni Stories: Emma Alumni Stories: Tomoya Alumni Stories: Nam Alumni Stories: Giang Alumni Stories: Risa Alumni Stories: Asami Admissions Contact Back to top