Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 International Applicants International Applicant Checklist As a first-year international student applicant, you must submit the following credentials: Common Application Secondary School Records Senior Year Grades Counselor Recommendation and School Report Form Teacher Evaluation English Proficiency Testing InitialView and Vericant Interviews (Optional) Documentation of Financial Support Copy of Data Page of Passport Standardized Tests (Optional) What Defines International? BU defines an international student to be a non-US citizen or non-US Permanent Resident Green Card Holder. International students usually need an F-1 Student Visa or J-1 Exchange Visitor Visa to study in the US. Merit Scholarships First-Year international students are eligible to apply for merit scholarships . Additional Details Secondary School Records Official copies of your secondary school transcripts must be submitted by a school official. If you are enrolled in an international curriculum with national exams, please see our Secondary School Credentials page for how to submit these official results. *Applicants to the College of Engineering are required to have a year of calculus. For students enrolled in IB courses, this requirement would be met with enrollment in HL or SL Math Analysis & Approaches or HL Math Applications & Interpretations. For students in other international curricula, some calculus is required. *Applicants to the Questrom School of Business are required to have a year of calculus or a year of precalculus and a year of AP Statistics. For students enrolled in IB courses this requirement would be met with enrollment in HL or SL Math Analysis & Approaches or HL Math Applications & Interpretation. For students in other international curricula, some calculus is required. All documents written in a world language must be accompanied by a notarized English translation. Please note that both documents are required-the original in your first language and the English translation. Senior Year Grades Early Decision Applicants: Applicants should have their counselor submit first marking period grades, which may be first quarter or first trimester grades, as soon as they are available. For students who are enrolled in examination-based curricula (IB, GCE, CBSE/ISC, for example), predicted results are also required. Regular Decision Applicants: Applicants should have their counselor submit first semester grades. For students on a trimester schedule, please have your counselor submit your first trimester grades. For students who are enrolled in examination-based curricula (IB, GCE, CBSE/ISC, for example), predicted results are also required. English Proficiency Testing If your first language is not English, you must take the Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet Based Test (TOEFL iBT) , International English Language Testing System (IELTS), or the Duolingo English Test (DET). If English is your first language, but you speak another language at home, you may consider submitting English proficiency results to demonstrate fluency. InitialView and Vericant Interviews As an additional way to demonstrate your English language proficiency, BU recommends scheduling an optional interview with InitialView or Vericant . Please note that the submission of TOEFL iBT, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test results are also required. Duolingo English Test (DET) Duolingo English Test website BU accepts results for the Duolingo English Test (DET) as evidence of English proficiency, which combines an English proficiency test with a brief video interview. Students who are most competitive for admission will have a total score of at least 125-135. Please note that BU requires both the total score and all subscores of the test. We will review your subscores for consistency within each subject area. Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet Based Test (TOEFL iBT) BU accepts results for the Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet Based Test (TOEFL iBT) as evidence of English proficiency.* Students who are most competitive for admission will have a composite score of at least 90-100 and minimum scores of 20 in each section. The Board of Admissions looks closely at the score for each section as well as for consistency across all subscores within each single language proficiency test. For the new TOEFL iBT score reports beginning January 21, 2026, students who are most competitive for admission will have a total/overall score of 5.0 or higher. BU will also review your component scores for consistency within each subject area. Indicate on the TOEFL registration form that you want your test results sent directly to Boston University. The TOEFL code for Boston University is 3087. TOEFL website Email: toefl@ets.org For testing in the US, Canada, Puerto Rico and US Territories, call 877-863-3546. For testing in other countries, call 609-771-7100. **Please note that BU accepts the TOEFL Internet-based Test either in the in-person format or the TOEFL iBT Home Edition. BU is unable to accept the IELTS Indicator, TOEFL ITP Plus, and TOEFL Essentials exams at this time. International English Language Testing System (IELTS Academic) BU accepts results for the International English Language Testing System (IELTS Academic). A total/overall score of 7 or higher will satisfy BU's English Language proficiency requirement for all programs.* BU will also review your component scores for consistency within each subject area. IELTS website We accept official results submitted directly from the testing service. Please provide the testing service with the following information: Account Name: Boston University Undergraduate Admissions Address: 881 Commonwealth Avenue, 6th Floor City: Boston State: MA Zip code: 02215 **Please note that BU accepts the TOEFL Internet-based Test either in the in-person format or the TOEFL iBT Home Edition. BU is unable to accept the IELTS Indicator, TOEFL ITP Plus, and TOEFL Essentials exams at this time. BU also does not accept IELTS One Skill Retake. English Proficiency Waiver Request Proficiency waiver requests for undergraduate applicants must be received by the application deadline and must accompany a complete application. The decision to waive the English proficiency requirement is at the discretion of the Board of Admissions. To submit a waiver request, please complete the English Proficiency Waiver Request Form . School Counselor Recommendation and School Report Form Please ask your counselor to submit the School Report form and the School Counselor Recommendation form found on the Common Application. If your school does not have a counselor, please contact a school official at your high school to submit these documents. Teacher Evaluation Please ask a teacher to submit the Teacher Evaluation form found on the Common Application. Documentation of Financial Support All students who will be studying on an F-1 Student Visa or J-1 Exchange Visitor Visa are required to submit financial documentation and we recommend submitting these items along with your application. Complete the Confidential Statement for Financing Studies & Sponsorship Support Confirmation to submit documents confirming available funds for the annual costs of study, such as online deposit accounts or a signed bank letter verifying the ability to pay educational expenses. All documented sources of support must be: Current (within 12 months of starting date at Boston University) For example, for students enrolling in Fall 2026, financial documents must be dated between 9/2/2025 - 9/2/2026 Written in English Readily available or liquid (stocks or non-liquid investments are not acceptable) The name of the owner of the bank account must match the name of your sponsor signing the Confidential Statement for Financing Studies & Sponsorship Support Confirmation form You may submit these materials with your Common Application . On the My Colleges tab, select Boston University. You will find the link to upload your documents in the Other Information section of the Application Questions. You may also upload these documents and view a comprehensive list of all required, received, and uploaded materials for your application in the MyBU Applicant Portal under the "Application Status" page. Be sure to keep copies of all documents sent to the University. You will need this information for: Getting a student visa from the US Consulate US Customs and Border Protection upon entry to the United States Transferring from another US school Early Decision Applicants: Students applying Early Decision or Early Decision 2 are required to submit their financial documentation by the application deadline . Please note that the Board of Admissions will not be able to proceed with an academic review of your application without the above documents. Copy of Data Page of Passport All international students must supply a photocopy of the photo/data page of their current, valid passport. This can be uploaded via the Common Application, uploaded to the MyBU Applicant Portal under the "Application Status" page, or faxed to 617-353-5334. PDF is our required file format. Standardized Tests Boston University is test optional for first-year applicants applying for admission through fall 2028 and spring 2029. This policy applies to all undergraduate schools and colleges at Boston University as well as all scholarship programs. International students will be required to submit the TOEFL, IELTS, or DuoLingo English Test as the primary means for evaluating English-language proficiency. Prospective students and applicants must decide for themselves whether or not to include standardized test scores with their application for admission to Boston University. When making this decision, we ask students to consider the totality of their academic record, their contributions both in and out of the classroom and to their communities, and whether they feel confident that the sum of these experiences fully reflect their academic ability and potential. Students have the ability to indicate whether they would like us to consider their standardized test scores when they apply. Once you have submitted your application, this answer cannot be changed. If you would like your standardized test scores considered: Boston University accepts self-reported standardized test scores on your application. You may also submit your official test scores via the testing agency, or through the self-report form on the MyBU Applicant Portal. Please note: If you submit self-reported standardized test scores, an official score report from the testing agency will be required before enrolling at Boston University. If there are discrepancies between self-reported and official standardized test scores, your enrollment at Boston University may be rescinded. When sending official scores, t he BU codes are: SAT: 3087 ACT: 1794 BU superscores both the SAT and ACT. To take advantage of superscoring, we recommend including all your test scores if you take more than one test or take a test multiple times. For both the SAT and ACT, BU uses the highest score of each section, regardless of test date, to best represent you as an applicant. If you've taken the SAT more than once, you can select which results you want to send to us using Score Choice . We only consider the highest SAT scores submitted. For the ACT, we recalculate a new composite score using the highest score from each section, regardless of test date. Duolingo English Test (DET) Duolingo English Test website BU accepts results for the Duolingo English Test (DET) as evidence of English proficiency, which combines an English proficiency test with a brief video interview. Students who are most competitive for admission will have a total score of at least 125-135. Please note that BU requires both the total score and all subscores of the test. We will review your subscores for consistency within each subject area. Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet Based Test (TOEFL iBT) BU accepts results for the Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet Based Test (TOEFL iBT) as evidence of English proficiency.* Students who are most competitive for admission will have a composite score of at least 90-100 and minimum scores of 20 in each section. The Board of Admissions looks closely at the score for each section as well as for consistency across all subscores within each single language proficiency test. For the new TOEFL iBT score reports beginning January 21, 2026, students who are most competitive for admission will have a total/overall score of 5.0 or higher. BU will also review your component scores for consistency within each subject area. Indicate on the TOEFL registration form that you want your test results sent directly to Boston University. The TOEFL code for Boston University is 3087. TOEFL website Email: toefl@ets.org For testing in the US, Canada, Puerto Rico and US Territories, call 877-863-3546. For testing in other countries, call 609-771-7100. **Please note that BU accepts the TOEFL Internet-based Test either in the in-person format or the TOEFL iBT Home Edition. BU is unable to accept the IELTS Indicator, TOEFL ITP Plus, and TOEFL Essentials exams at this time. International English Language Testing System (IELTS) BU accepts results for the International English Language Testing System (IELTS). A total/overall score of 7 or higher will also satisfy BU's English Language proficiency requirement for all programs.* BU will also review your component scores for consistency within each subject area. IELTS website We accept official results submitted directly from the testing service. Please provide the testing service with the following information: Account Name: Boston University Undergraduate Admissions Address: 881 Commonwealth Avenue, 6th Floor City: Boston State: MA Zip code: 02215 **Please note that BU accepts the TOEFL Internet-based Test either in the in-person format or the TOEFL iBT Home Edition. BU is unable to accept the IELTS Indicator, TOEFL ITP Plus, and TOEFL Essentials exams at this time. BU also does not accept IELTS One Skill Retake. English Proficiency Waiver Request Proficiency waiver requests for undergraduate applicants must be received by the application deadline and must accompany a complete application. The decision to waive the English proficiency requirement is at the discretion of the Board of Admissions. To submit a waiver request, please complete the English Proficiency Waiver Request Form . Merit Scholarships BU offers a wide variety of merit-based scholarships to recognize high-achieving first year students. Most awards are for academic achievement, while others go to talented athletes, performers, and artists. InitialView and Vericant Interviews As an additional way to demonstrate your English language proficiency, BU recommends scheduling an optional interview with InitialView or Vericant . Please note that the submission of TOEFL iBT, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test results are also required. Documentation of Financial Support All students who will be studying on an F-1 Student Visa or J-1 Exchange Visitor Visa are required to submit financial documentation and we recommend submitting these items along with your application. Complete the Confidential Statement for Financing Studies & Sponsorship Support Confirmation to submit documents confirming available funds for the annual costs of study, such as online deposit accounts or a signed bank letter verifying the ability to pay educational expenses. All documented sources of support must be: Current (within 12 months of starting date at Boston University) For example, for students enrolling in Fall 2025, financial documents must be dated between 9/2/2024 - 9/2/2025 Written in English Readily available or liquid (stocks or non-liquid investments are not acceptable) The name of the owner of the bank account must match the name of your sponsor signing the Confidential Statement for Financing Studies & Sponsorship Support Confirmation form You may submit these materials with your Common Application . On the My Colleges tab, select Boston University. You will find the link to upload your documents in the Other Information section of the Application Questions. You may also upload these documents and view a comprehensive list of all required, received, and uploaded materials for your application in the MyBU Applicant Portal under the "Application Status" page. Be sure to keep copies of all documents sent to the University. You will need this information for: Getting a student visa from the US Consulate US Customs and Border Protection upon entry to the United States Transferring from another US school Early Decision Applicants: Students applying Early Decision or Early Decision 2 are required to submit their financial documentation by the application deadline . Please note that the Board of Admissions will not be able to proceed with an academic review of your application without the above documents. Related to International Applicants How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Secondary School Credentials Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Applying for a Graduate Program? To apply for graduate admission, visit the Graduate Admissions Office in the school or college you are interested in attending. Learn More Begin Your Journey to BU As you embark on your college search, we want to assist you by offering a glimpse into life at Boston University with a variety of virtual events and programming. Begin your journey to BU with a personalized look into life on campus, and hear directly from admissions officers and current students about why BU could be the right fit for you. Learn More A Life-Changing Application More than just academics, a BU education prepares you to make the most of life. So discover why clicking "send" on your application is a smart choice. Go For It Apply to BU Get Inspired Find a Major See For Yourself Visit Us More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu