Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 First-Year Applicants Apply Now: Common Application First-Year Applicant Checklist As a first-year applicant, you must submit the following credentials. International applicants must also submit additional credentials . Common Application or QuestBridge Application High School Transcript Senior Year Grades Counselor Recommendation and School Report Form Teacher Evaluation Standardized Tests (Optional) College of Fine Arts Requirements Your Application Will Receive: A thoughtful and comprehensive review that takes into account your academic achievements and activities inside and outside the classroom within the context of your academic environment, life experiences, and background. We seek to bring together a diverse student body that is highly motivated, intellectually curious, and contributes to the BU community. What Defines First-Year? Apply as a first-year student if you are currently in your last year of high school, have completed high school, are a GED recipient, or have completed a high school equivalency exam. If you are currently in high school and are part of a dual enrollment program, you should also apply as a first-year student. Additional Details Common Application and QuestBridge Application BU accepts the Common Application and QuestBridge Application . QuestBridge Applicants : Please visit our QuestBridge webpage for details about the application process. Selecting an Academic Program: You must specify a BU school or college when applying. Please refer to our list of majors to see which semesters of entry are available for each program. If you do not have a specific school or subject area in mind, we suggest you apply to the College of Arts & Sciences and select "Undeclared" or the College of General Studies . Essays : If you are applying through the Common Application, you must submit two essays: the Common Application personal statement and the Boston University supplemental essay. This is an important part of your application because it gives you the chance to tell us your story as an applicant. Admission to your selected program: While you will be given consideration for the school or college to which you apply, it's possible that you will be offered admission to the College of General Studies or another BU program for which you qualify. If you are applying to the College of Fine Arts, you will only be considered for the program to which you applied. If you are interested in being considered for the Kilachand Honors College , check "Yes" to this question on your application and then complete the required essay. Your application will first be considered for admission to the school or college to which you have applied. If you are admitted to that program, you will then be considered for admission into the Kilachand Honors College. Application Fee: Our application fee is $80 and can be paid via the Common Application. Fee Waiver: BU Admissions is here to support students and families and to make sure that an application fee does not pose a barrier to anyone who wishes to apply for admission. If you are interested in a fee waiver, please begin by reviewing the eligibility guidelines on the Common Application website. Your request for a fee waiver will not impact your admissions decision. If you have any questions about this process or your eligibility, please contact BU Admissions at admissions@bu.edu or 617-353-2300. High School Transcript Official copies of your secondary school transcripts must be submitted by a school official. If you are enrolled in an international curriculum with national exams, please see our Secondary School Credentials page for how to submit these official results. For most BU programs, the recommended high school/secondary school curriculum is as follows: 4 years of English 3-4 years of mathematics (precalculus/calculus recommended)* 3-4 years of laboratory science 3-4 years of history and/or social science 2-4 years of a world language *Applicants to the College of Engineering are required to have a year of calculus. For students enrolled in IB courses, this requirement would be met with enrollment in HL or SL Math Analysis & Approaches or HL Math Applications & Interpretations. * Applicants to the Questrom School of Business are required to have a year of calculus or a year of precalculus and a year of AP Statistics. For students enrolled in IB courses this requirement would be met with enrollment in HL or SL Math Analysis & Approaches or HL Math Applications & Interpretations. Senior Year Grades Early Decision Applicants: Early Decision applicants should have their counselor submit first marking period grades, which may be first quarter or first trimester grades, as soon as they are available. Regular Decision Applicants: If you are on a semester schedule, please have your counselor send your first marking period or first quarter grades if available. In addition, your counselor must submit first semester grades once they are available. If you are on a trimester schedule, please have your counselor submit your first trimester grades once they are available. School Counselor Recommendation and School Report Form Please ask your counselor to submit the School Report form and the School Counselor Recommendation form found on the Common Application. Teacher Evaluation Please ask a teacher to submit the Teacher Evaluation form found on the Common Application. Standardized Tests Boston University is test optional for first-year applicants applying through fall 2028 and spring 2029. This policy applies to all undergraduate schools and colleges at Boston University as well as all scholarship programs. International students will be required to submit the TOEFL, IELTS, or DuoLingo English Test as the primary means for evaluating English-language proficiency. Prospective students and applicants must decide for themselves whether or not to include standardized test scores with their application for admission to Boston University. When making this decision, we ask students to consider the totality of their academic record, their contributions both in and out of the classroom and to their communities, and whether they feel confident that the sum of these experiences fully reflect their academic ability and potential. Students have the ability to indicate whether they would like us to consider their standardized test scores when they apply. Once you have submitted your application, this answer cannot be changed. If you would like your standardized test scores considered: Boston University accepts self-reported standardized test scores on your application. You may also submit your official test scores via the testing agency, or through the self-report form on the MyBU Applicant Portal. Please note: If you submit self-reported standardized test scores, an official score report from the testing agency will be required before enrolling at Boston University. If there are discrepancies between self-reported and official standardized test scores, your enrollment at Boston University may be rescinded. When sending official scores, t he BU codes are: SAT: 3087 ACT: 1794 BU superscores both the SAT and ACT. To take advantage of superscoring, we recommend including all your test scores if you take more than one test or take a test multiple times. For both the SAT and ACT, BU uses the highest score of each section, regardless of test date, to best represent you as an applicant. If you've taken the SAT more than once, you can select which results you want to send to us using Score Choice . We only consider the highest SAT scores submitted. Portfolios, Auditions, and Interviews If you are applying to the College of Fine Arts , please see the different requirements for the program. Please note that all materials and documents submitted as part of an application for admission become the property of Boston University and cannot be returned. Related to First-Year Applicants How to Apply First-Year Applicants Application Credentials College of Fine Arts Requirements Policy on Standardized Testing QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Begin Your Journey to BU As you embark on your college search, we want to assist you by offering a glimpse into life at Boston University with a variety of virtual events and programming. Begin your journey to BU with a personalized look into life on campus, and hear directly from admissions officers and current students about why BU could be the right fit for you. Learn More Applying for a Graduate Program? To apply for graduate admission, visit the Graduate Admissions Office in the school or college you are interested in attending. Learn More A Life-Changing Application More than just academics, a BU education prepares you to make the most of life. So discover why clicking "send" on your application is a smart choice. Go For It Apply to BU Get Inspired Find a Major See For Yourself Visit Us More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu