Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 What Is the Cost of Attendance? Tailored to your unique circumstances BU meets 100% of demonstrated financial need for all admitted first-year and transfer students who are US citizens or permanent residents. Each family's circumstance is unique and BU will create a custom package for you to meet your family's full demonstrated financial need. We firmly believe that everyone admitted to BU deserves the opportunity to attend BU. We're offering expanded financial aid packages of scholarships, grants, low-interest student loans, and Work-Study that will make up the difference between the cost of attendance and what you can afford. That's why it's so important for you to consider applying for financial assistance-even if you think you may not be eligible. Aid packages for first-year students will not include loans. Great news! 100% of need is met for first-year students who are US citizens or permanent residents. $473 million in financial aid is awarded annually to undergraduates. For students who receive aid, the BU Scholarship Assurance guarantees your BU need-based aid will not be reduced for any of your undergraduate years at Boston University. Cost of Attendance Billed expenses for the 2026/2027 academic year* Tuition $73,024 Housing (depending on type of accommodation) $13,170 Food (most dining plans) $7,570 Fees $1,570 TOTAL ESTIMATED BILLED EXPENSES $95,334 + Other expenses Books and Supplies $1,000 Personal Expenses $1,455 Local Transportation (average) $630 TOTAL OTHER EXPENSES $3,085 = Total Cost of Attendance $98,419 *Tuition and fees are subject to change by action of the Board of Trustees. Student Health Insurance Costs Massachusetts law requires all students enrolled in at least 75% of the full-time curriculum to have medical insurance. Students who cannot demonstrate coverage under a qualifying medical insurance plan are required to purchase the University's student health insurance plan, which is due and payable with your first-semester charges. For more information, see the Student Health Services website . Related to What Is the Cost of Attendance? Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories Make Your Dreams Come True Get all the nitty-gritty financial aid details that can turn the dream of a BU degree into a very exciting reality. Learn More Merit Scholarships Go For It Apply For Financial Aid Visit the Site Financial Assistance More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu