Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Our Best Investment is You. Our Best Investment is You All you have to do is apply for financial aid. Paying for college is a significant commitment for you and your family. At BU, we're committed to making our financial aid process clear, transparent, and easy to navigate-so you understand your options every step of the way. View FAQs How can I apply? Students must complete and submit the CSS Profile™ and FAFSA by the deadlines below. Eligibility for BU need-based scholarship aid is established and confirmed in the first year when you file the CSS Profile and the FAFSA . After the first year, the Profile is not required. November 2 Early Decision Application & CSS Profile Deadline January 5 Early Decision and Early Decision 2 FAFSA Deadline January 5 Early Decision 2 and regular Decision Application; Early Decision 2 CSS Profile Deadline January 5 Regular Decision CSS Profile and FAFSA Deadline Who is eligible for financial aid at BU? US citizens and permanent residents Incoming first-year and transfer students Students who submit the FAFSA & CSS Profile™ by the deadlines The BU Promise What can I expect to receive? Financial aid will vary from family to family, depending on specific financial circumstances. However, we guarantee that: You'll receive financial assistance for 100% of your demonstrated need For all domestic first year students, that need will be met without loans For admitted first-year students with total household incomes under $200,000 and typical assets, your aid package will cover at least full tuition plus a percentage of the standard housing and dining plan cost Plan for all four years with The BU Scholarship Assurance. If tuition goes up, the BU Promise Scholarship will increase by the same percentage as the increase in tuition If your financial circumstances change, you can appeal for increased aid Aid will consist of some combination of grants, scholarships, and Work-Study View FAQs What's your full demonstrated need? Calculate Calculator What are the types of aid? What kind of aid can you expect? It depends on your family's financial situation. One person might receive a package of grants and low-interest student loans. Another, Work-Study and a scholarship. Yet another, some combination of all four. Merit scholarships are available to all students, regardless of need. Need-Based Scholarships Other Aid Sources State Grants Merit-Based Scholarships Federal Grants Work-Study Opportunities What Will BU Cost You ? A Boston University education can be accessible to all. The BU Promise meets 100% of your demonstrated financial need, without loans, for all first-time, first-year students who are US citizens and permanent residents. *Table illustrates sample costs for admitted first-year students starting in 2026/2027. Based on total household income with typical assets. Cost of Attendance based on standard Housing and Dining Plan cost for four years and standard 26/27 Tuition - $73,024. Total Household Income Total Financial Aid Net Cost of Attendance * $0-$75,000 Full Tuition + Standard Housing & Dining Plan (SHDP) $0 $75,001-$100,000 Full Tuition + % SHDP $10,000 or less $100,001-$150,000 Full Tuition + % SHDP $15,000 or less $150,001-$200,000 Full Tuition + % SHDP $20,000 or less $200,000 + Tailored Financial Aid Frequently Asked Questions What does BU mean by "will meet my need"? Meeting your need means that the gap between the cost of BU and what your family can be expected to contribute, based on your demonstrated financial need, will be covered through some combination of scholarships, grants, low-interest government student loans, and Work-Study. Aid packages for first-year students will not include loans. Additionally, if tuition increases, your Boston University need-based scholarship will increase at the same percentage as the increase in tuition. What is demonstrated financial need? Demonstrated need is the cost of attending BU minus your Expected Family Contribution (EFC), which is calculated from information you submitted on the FAFSA and the CSS Profile forms. You can calculate your estimated need with this calculator , but keep in mind it is only an estimate. To determine your actual need, you must complete both your FAFSA and CSS Profile. Your financial aid will be equal to the calculation of your need and may be comprised of need-based scholarships, grants, government student loans, and/or Work-Study. What is included in the "cost of attendance"? For financial aid purposes, the cost of BU is the yearly expected total of tuition, room and board, local transportation, books, supplies, and personal expenses. How do I know if I qualify for financial aid based on my family's situation? You must file the FAFSA and CSS Profile to officially determine whether you qualify for financial aid. However, for planning purposes, we also have an online tool to help you and your family estimate the amount of financial aid you could be offered and the net amount you may be expected to pay toward the cost of attending BU. For more information, visit the MyinTuition: Quick College Cost Estimator or the Net Price calculator . If I do not qualify for financial aid, does BU still offer merit scholarships based on my grades or other factors? BU offers merit-based scholarships for academics, athletics, arts, and leadership. Merit-based scholarships have varied requirements and submission guidelines that must be followed in order to qualify. Please review our Merit Scholarships for First-Year Students page for information about specific merit scholarships, requirements, and deadlines. Who is eligible for the BU Promise? First-time, first-year students who are US citizens and permanent residents are eligible for the BU Promise. Transfer students are not eligible. *U.S. citizens and permanent residents What about international students? International students are not eligible for the BU Promise; however, they may apply for merit scholarships . Find details, deadlines, and how to apply at bu.edu/apply . What are "typical assets " ? Assets may include cash, savings and checking accounts, investments, equity in real estate other than a primary residence, and business equity. Families with significant assets in these categories, relative to what is typical for their income level, may not meet the BU Promise income eligibility requirements, even if their annual income is below $200,000. BU does not include assets held in designated retirement accounts when evaluating a family's assets . Will I still need loans even if my family earns under $200 ,000 ? With the BU Promise, your financial aid covers 100% of your demonstrated need without student loans. Even when your BU financial need is fully met, eligible students have the option to use federal Direct Loans to help manage their education expenses. While borrowing can be a useful tool to help manage education costs, accepting these loans is optional-you can choose to accept or decline them in your MyBU Student Portal. My family earn s more than $200 ,000 a year. Is it still worth applying for aid ? Absolutely. Families earning more than $ 200,00 0 ar e encou raged to apply. BU provides need-based aid packages that r eflect each famil y's unique financial circumstances. For example, BU aid may take into account factors such as having mult iple childr en enrolled in college at the same time or living in an area with a high cost of living. View More Make Your Dreams Come True. Get all the nitty-gritty financial aid details that can turn the dream of a BU degree into a very exciting reality. Learn More Merit Scholarships Go For It Apply For Financial Aid Visit the Site Financial Assistance More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu