Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Scholarships & Financial Aid How Can You Apply? To receive need-based financial aid from BU, you must submit both the CSS Profile™ and FAFSA, which are used to determine your "expected family contribution." Be sure to check out our tips for completing the Profile or FAFSA . Application Steps: Note all applicable deadlines . Submit the FAFSA . Submit the CSS Profile . Upload a CSS Profile Waiver Request for the Noncustodial Parent to the MyBU Applicant Portal if getting a Profile from your other (noncustodial) parent will be impossible. Regularly check your MyBU Applicant Portal "Application Status" page and email account for requests for additional information. BU meets your full need BU will meet 100% of the demonstrated financial need for admitted first-year and transfer students who are US citizens or permanent residents. We're offering expanded financial aid packages that will make up the difference between the cost of attendance and what you can afford. What is Demonstrated Financial Need? Cost of Attendance - Expected Family Contribution = Demonstrated Financial Need MyinTuition: Quick College Cost Estimator This online tool will help you anticipate your college costs and estimate your eligibility for need-based scholarships through six basic financial questions. You will receive an early estimate of the amount your family will need to contribute for one year at Boston University. MYINTUITION CALCULATOR Net Price Calculator This online tool will help you and your family estimate the amount of financial aid you could be offered and the net amount you may be expected to pay toward the cost of attending BU. NET PRICE CALCULATOR Need-Based Scholarships BU's need-based scholarships are awarded based on a combination of demonstrated financial need and academic merit. To apply, you must complete the two financial aid forms listed above to determine your financial aid need for need-based grants and scholarships. We strongly encourage students and families to consider applying, even if you don't think you may be eligible. More Information About Need-Based Scholarships Financial Aid In addition to need-based BU scholarships, many other forms of financial aid are available for those who apply for aid and qualify. Financing and payment plan options are also available. Federal Grants State Grants Federal Student Loans Federal Work-Study Awards Note to International Students: Need-based financial aid from BU is not currently available to international students. For general information about financial assistance from other sources, please request the booklet "Financial Planning for Study in the United States" from the US Information Agency or a bi-national advising center in your home country. International students may be eligible for select merit scholarships offered by BU. Related to Scholarships & Financial Aid Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Merit Scholarships for First-Year Students Merit Scholarships for Transfer Students Scholarships for QuestBridge Students Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories Merit-Based Scholarships BU also awards merit-based scholarships that recognize academic, athletic, or artistic achievement, regardless of calculated financial need. Learn More Make Your Dreams Come True Get all the nitty-gritty financial aid details that can turn the dream of a BU degree into a very exciting reality. Learn More Merit Scholarships Go For It Apply For Financial Aid Visit the Site Financial Assistance More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu