Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Merit Scholarship for First-Year Students It's Time For Your Hard Work to Pay Off BU is proud to recognize exceptional academic achievement, leadership, and community service through our merit scholarship. We encourage high-achieving students to apply and take advantage of the prestigious Presidential Scholarship, which rewards not only strong grades and academic performance, but also talent, initiative, creativity, and impact in your school or community. You have accomplished so much to be proud of and we want to learn about how you will enrich the BU community. So, if you're dedicated, driven, and ready to make a difference, we invite you to share your story with us. If you are interested in being considered for the Presidential Scholarship, the only requirement is to complete your application for admission by December 1. Who is eligible to apply? US citizens and permanent residents International students Presidential Scholarship Given to first-year students from around the globe who demonstrate exceptional academic achievement. In addition to being among our most talented students, they also excel beyond the classroom and are leaders in their schools and communities. Annual Value: Half tuition* Deadline: December 1 * Effective starting with students entering Fall 2026 Learn More Related to Merit Scholarship for First-Year Students Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Merit Scholarships for First-Year Students Additional Merit Scholarships Merit Scholarships for Transfer Students Scholarships for QuestBridge Students Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories Make Your Dreams Come True Get all the nitty-gritty financial aid details that can turn the dream of a BU degree into a very exciting reality. Learn More Merit Scholarships Go For It Apply For Financial Aid Visit the Site Financial Assistance More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu