Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Early Decision at BU Apply Now: Common Application The Only Reason to Apply Early Decision You are confident Boston University is your top choice school and the best fit for you. We are looking for students that have no doubt they are ready to be a Terrier, who love the way they look in red, and who are ready to dive into the most challenging and exciting four years imaginable. If you're eager to take on Boston, "America's College Town," and you're serious about success after graduation, then why wait? Read on for all the details about how to apply Early Decision. What is Early Decision? Early Decision and Early Decision 2 are application options available at Boston University by which students apply and receive an admission decision early ( see deadlines ), and, if admitted, commit to attend BU by withdrawing applications to all other schools. What's the difference between Early Decision and Early Decision 2? You are encouraged to apply under Early Decision if you are confident BU is your top choice, perhaps have visited campus and felt immediately at home, or like the idea of having your college search finalized earlier in your senior year. If you are also confident that your first quarter grades are strong, applying Early Decision may be a smart choice for you. (If you are unable to make it to campus for a visit, we recommend taking BU's virtual tour .) Early Decision 2 is a great choice if you also know BU is your top choice, but perhaps need more time to visit campus, prepare your application, or refine your college list. Regardless of whether you apply Early Decision or Early Decision 2, BU gives careful consideration to both groups of applicants. Early Decision Application Instructions Early Decision applicants may apply through the Common Application. Test Information: The SAT and ACT are not required for students applying Early Decision and Early Decision 2 through fall 2028 and spring 2029. If you choose to submit your test scores and are applying Early Decision, you must take the ACT no later than the October test date or the SAT no later than November. If you choose to submit your test scores and are applying Early Decision 2, you must take the ACT or SAT no later than the December test date. International Students: You must take the TOEFL, IELTS, or DET exams by November 15 for Early Decision or by the end of December for Early Decision 2. Early Decision Agreement: When applying using the Common Application, you must indicate your interest in the Early Decision program on the BU member section of your application. This section of the web page explains the binding nature of the ED program and must be signed by the applicant, a parent or guardian, and a school counselor. International Students: In addition to applying as an Early Decision applicant, please review our instructions for international applicants . Once You Receive an Admission Decision: If admitted, you must submit a nonrefundable enrollment deposit and withdraw your applications to all other colleges and universities. Please make sure that all application materials are uploaded to the MyBU Applicant Portal . If you are an Early Decision applicant who is not admitted, your application may be deferred for consideration during the regular admissions cycle. In that case, you will be considered for admission only after submitting your mid-year grades. You will be notified of a final admission decision in late March. Financial Aid & Scholarships Early Decision applicants who apply for financial aid and are admitted to BU will have 100% of their demonstrated need met . You will be notified if you receive funding with your admission decision. Please note that only US citizens and permanent residents are eligible for need-based financial aid. Students who apply before December 1 will be notified if they received a merit scholarship when Early Decision and Early Decision 2 admission decisions are released. *Please note: most merit scholarships require you to apply by December 1. Related to Early Decision at BU How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Begin Your Journey to BU As you embark on your college search, we want to assist you by offering a glimpse into life at Boston University with a variety of virtual events and programming. Begin your journey to BU with a personalized look into life on campus, and hear directly from admissions officers and current students about why BU could be the right fit for you. Learn More Tour BU's Campus Online Picture yourself at Boston University with our interactive and comprehensive online campus tour. See inside campus buildings and hear about the unique opportunities available to students directly from staff and BU students themselves. Learn More A Life-Changing Application More than just academics, a BU education prepares you to make the most of life. So discover why clicking "send" on your application is a smart choice. Go For It Apply to BU Get Inspired Find a Major See For Yourself Visit Us More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu