Skip to Main Content Boston University Admissions Boston University Why BU? Experience BU Tuition & Aid How to Apply Admitted Students Stories Majors & More Full Menu Close Menu Menu Search Search for: Why BU? Class Profile Facts and Rankings Academics Student Life Diversity at BU Experience BU Visit Campus Attend an Event BU Admissions Staff Tuition & Aid Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid Managing BU Expenses Alumni Success Stories How to Apply First-Year Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants Additional Applicant Types FAQs & Helpful Forms Important Deadlines Statement on Application Integrity BU Privacy Notice Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Majors Virtual Tour Request Information MyBU Portal Login Explore Stories Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Admitted International Students You worked hard to earn your place here and have chosen to earn your undergraduate degree at one of the top-ranked universities in the world. Beginning your University studies in the US is a significant life change, and you may have a lot of questions. Don't worry; all the details will be thoroughly covered at the University Orientation for international students. In the meantime, we've put together a glimpse of what BU has to offer you. International Students Academics Discover some of the inspiring classes you might take, where to find advisors, or how to receive advanced credit. Read More International Students The Immigration Process Check out our step-by-step guide on obtaining your visa and read advice on how to make the immigration process as seamless as possible. Read More International Students US Academic Culture From the terms we use to classroom behavior and writing, expectations in a US university are sometimes different from what you're used to. Read More International Students Tips from Fellow Students Ten international students reflect on their own experiences and share some suggestions for settling in. Read More Related to Admitted International Students Admitted Students Next Steps Checklists Meet the Class of 2030 Events for Admitted Students International Students The Immigration Process US Academic Culture Tips from International Students Welcome Parents College of General Studies Tuition and Fees Experience BU's Campus Get to know Boston University with Experience BU, our interactive and comprehensive online campus visit tool. See inside campus buildings and hear about the unique opportunities available to students directly from staff and BU students themselves. Learn More Questions? Contact Us Reach out if at any time you have questions about your transition to BU. We're here to help. Email Us More about Admissions Apply to BU First-Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Early Decision Applicants Take the Next Step Majors by School and College Attend an Event Tuition & Aid Request Information Search Search Search for: Social Links Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter Get in Touch Get in Touch Located In the Heart of Boston Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215 Domestic 617-353-2300 admissions@bu.edu International 617-353-4492 intadmis@bu.edu Boston University Boston University Admissions 233 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 Instagram Youtube TikTok Facebook Twitter © Boston University. All rights reserved. www.bu.edu