Skip to main content Main menu Main navigation Home Universities Admissions Sub-menu Bachelor's and Master's Admissions Doctoral Admissions Student Residence Permit Use of educational consultants Funding Your Studies Sub-menu Fees and Cost of Living Bachelor's and Master's Scholarships Doctoral Funding Life in Finland Sub-menu Accommodation Learning Finnish and Swedish Opportunities after graduation FAQ Secondary navigation News & Events Home Main navigation Home Universities Admissions Sub-menu Bachelor's and Master's Admissions Doctoral Admissions Student Residence Permit Use of educational consultants Funding Your Studies Sub-menu Fees and Cost of Living Bachelor's and Master's Scholarships Doctoral Funding Life in Finland Sub-menu Accommodation Learning Finnish and Swedish Opportunities after graduation FAQ Secondary navigation News & Events Search Breadcrumb Home Admissions Bachelor's and Master's Admissions Bachelor's and Master's Admissions Find out how to apply for bachelor's and master's degree programmes in Finland. Learn about joint and separate applications, eligibility requirements, programme-specific admission criteria, application fees and what to do after receiving an admission offer. Share Key Facts Apply through Studyinfo.fi, Finland's official application portal. Choose the right route: joint application or separate application. Application periods and admission requirements vary by programme. Bachelor's applicants need higher education eligibility; master's applicants need a bachelor's degree. For master's at universities of applied sciences, work experience is also required. Non-EU/EEA applicants usually need to pay an application fee and apply for a student residence permit. You can accept one study place per term in Finnish higher education. Enable analytics cookies to show the embedded YouTube video. Manage my cookie choices Watch video on YouTube Getting started Begin your higher education adventure in Finland by finding your study programme at Studyinfo.fi . Studyinfo.fi is the national portal for: Programme details Eligibility criteria Application guidelines Before applying for admission at Studyinfo.fi, make sure you familiarise yourself with the basics of funding your studies , scholarship facts , and student residence permit matters . Also remember to check out the universities' admissions info pages - and if you are planning to apply to a Finnish UAS (University of Applied Sciences), also see Uasinfo.fi which includes specific information for UAS applicants. Not sure which study programme to choose? Explore your options with Studyinfo.fi's "I do not know what I want to study" feature. How and when to apply Joint Application: Apply to up to six programmes with one application in January for autumn (September) study start. A limited number of programmes are also available in September, for studies starting in January. Separate Applications: For programmes outside the joint application periods, details and application schedules vary, so check the programme search at Studyinfo.fi or connect with the institutions directly. If you are a non-EU/EEA applicant, you need to pay an application fee . Eligibility Bachelor's Programmes: You'll need a high-school diploma that qualifies you for higher education in your home country. Master's Programmes: A bachelor's degree is required. For UAS master's programmes, you also need to have two years of relevant work experience. Programme-specific admission requirements Depending on the degree programme, admissions may include entrance exams, SAT or GMAT tests, or interviews. For detailed eligibility and admission requirements, check the Studyinfo.fi programme descriptions, and the website of the university. IELTS/TOEFL and other English-language tests If the programme requires proof of English proficiency, accepted tests and minimum scores vary by university and degree programme. Commonly accepted tests include IELTS , TOEFL , PTE or Cambridge English qualifications, but some applicants may qualify through other evidence or exemptions. Always check the exact language requirements in the programme description on Studyinfo.fi and on the university's website. Use of educational consultants If you are thinking of applying with the help of an educational consultant, check out our advice on this . Admission results and next steps After your application, universities will review applications and make admission decisions, with updates and results provided through Studyinfo.fi. Accepted students will receive an admission letter with details on how to confirm their spot. Remember, you can only accept one study place per term . Once accepted, start your student residence permit application early to ensure a smooth start to your studies in Finland. Where to find application advice At Studyinfo.fi you will find a lot of detailed information on applying, on topics like: ✔️ How to apply to bachelor's and master's ✔️ How to apply in joint application ✔️ Joint application periods ✔️ How to apply in separate applications ✔️ Information on the application fee ✔️ FAQ on applying to higher education You can also find detailed application advice on the individual Finnish universities' own websites. Read more about applying at Studyinfo.fi Updated 17.09.2026 Home Finnish National Agency for Education PO Box 343 (Hakaniemenranta 6) FI-00531 Helsinki Finland Study in Finland Your official guide to university studies in Finland. Brought to you by The Finnish National Agency for Education. Links About Study in Finland Studyinfo.fi Finnish Immigration Service Work in Finland ThisisFINLAND Follow us Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn © Study in Finland 2026 Disclaimer and privacy policy Accessibility Cookie settings