Skip to main content Main menu Main navigation Home Universities Admissions Sub-menu Bachelor's and Master's Admissions Doctoral Admissions Student Residence Permit Use of educational consultants Funding Your Studies Sub-menu Fees and Cost of Living Bachelor's and Master's Scholarships Doctoral Funding Life in Finland Sub-menu Accommodation Learning Finnish and Swedish Opportunities after graduation FAQ Secondary navigation News & Events Home Main navigation Home Universities Admissions Sub-menu Bachelor's and Master's Admissions Doctoral Admissions Student Residence Permit Use of educational consultants Funding Your Studies Sub-menu Fees and Cost of Living Bachelor's and Master's Scholarships Doctoral Funding Life in Finland Sub-menu Accommodation Learning Finnish and Swedish Opportunities after graduation FAQ Secondary navigation News & Events Search Breadcrumb Home Funding Your Studies Fees and Cost of Living Fees and Cost of Living Quality education is a valuable investment. Prepare to finance your studies by paying the tuition fees and covering your everyday living costs. As they say, good things are worth the price! Share Tuition fees Students from outside the EU/EEA and Switzerland usually need to pay tuition fees for English-taught bachelor's and master's programmes. Some students may be exempt based on their residence status or other grounds, so always check the current rules and your own situation. Tuition fees typically range from €9,000 to €20,000 per year, depending on the university and programme. Some programmes may charge higher or lower fees, so always check the exact tuition fee on Studyinfo.fi or with the university you are applying to. Applicants from outside the EU/EEA or Switzerland also need to pay the €100 application fee . Degree programmes taught in Finnish or Swedish do not charge tuition fees. Doctoral programmes are also tuition-free regardless of nationality. If you are paying tuition, you are often also eligible to apply for scholarships that may be offered by the university . Living expenses Beyond tuition, you need to be able to cover your living costs independently. Finland is a relatively expensive country to live in, so while the official minimum requirement set by Finnish Immigration Service Migri is €800 per month (€9,600 per year), we recommend you reserve a bit more money for your living expenses, approximately €900-€1,200 per month, depending on the location. This includes food, accommodation , and travel. You must prove sufficient finances and insurance when applying for a student residence permit . Student union fees University students pay an annual student union fee of about €50-€70 per academic year, granting access to discounts in student restaurants and public transport. Student union membership at universities of applied sciences (UAS) is optional. Your Finnish university can provide advice on student union and healthcare fees, among other practicalities. Student healthcare fee If you are studying for a bachelor's or a master's degree: in order to use the services of the Finnish Student Health Service FSHS , you'll be required to pay an annual student healthcare fee - currently around €35 per term (that's about €70 per year). Can I work part-time during studies? • As an international student you are allowed to work part-time up to 30 hours per week on average during the academic year and full-time during holidays. • Finding employment during your studies is challenging, especially without Finnish/Swedish skills. What's more, possible part-time job salaries would not be sufficient to cover both tuition and living costs. • You should not base your financial plans on the uncertain prospect of finding part-time employment during your studies. • Focus on skills, internships, volunteering and networking for long-term success! Opportunities after graduation Updated 18.09.2026 Home Finnish National Agency for Education PO Box 343 (Hakaniemenranta 6) FI-00531 Helsinki Finland Study in Finland Your official guide to university studies in Finland. Brought to you by The Finnish National Agency for Education. Links About Study in Finland Studyinfo.fi Finnish Immigration Service Work in Finland ThisisFINLAND Follow us Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn © Study in Finland 2026 Disclaimer and privacy policy Accessibility Cookie settings