Vassar College Menu Fearlessly Consequential Students Families Alums Employees Apply Visit Give Office of Admission Explore Vassar + Academics Campus Diversity & Inclusion Outcomes Local Area Student Life Apply + How to Apply First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants International Applicants For Veterans QuestBridge Students Financial Aid Visit + In-Person Visits Virtual Programs Group Visits Class Visits Vassar on Demand Financial Aid + Applying for Aid Types of Aid Forms & Resources Tuition & Fees Quick Facts + Class Profile Connect + For Counselors Meet the Students Vassar About Academics Admission Campus Life Athletics Arts Sustainability News First-Year Applicants Home Admission Applying to Vassar First-Year Applicants Music, Art, and Dance Portfolios Interviews Information for First-Year Applicants Everything you need to know to apply. Application Deadlines Early Decision I November 15 Early Decision II January 1 Regular Decision January 1 First-Year Application Requirements Application Checklist Common Application or Coalition Application $65 application fee or a fee waiver Early Decision Agreement (Early Decision Applicants ONLY) School Report with the Counselor Recommendation and High School Transcript: To be completed and sent by your school counselor. Available for online completion or download through Common Application . A Teacher Evaluation Mid-year Report: Your school counselor or another school official must submit your mid-year grades to us. Early Decision applicants must submit a fall progress report and will be asked to provide their first-term grades as soon as they become available. TOEFL/IELTS/Duolingo : If English is neither your first language nor the primary language of instruction in secondary schools you have attended for the last three years. Optional Application Materials Standardized Tests Vassar does not require applicants to submit SAT or ACT scores. Applicants can declare whether or not they wish to include testing with their application by logging in to the applicant status portal and completing the test optional form; the deadlines to do so are: Early Decision I: November 22 Spring Transfer: November 22 Regular Decision and Early Decision II: January 8 Fall Transfer: April 1 For students who wish to submit their scores: the latest acceptable test dates are November for Early Decision I applicants and December for Regular Decision and Early Decision II applicants. Vassar will accept self-reported SAT and ACT scores; we superscore, which means we will look at your highest section scores if you've taken a test more than once. Note Enrolling students who choose to self-report testing will be required to provide official score reports in the spring. Vassar reserves the right to revoke an offer of admission if an applicant's self-reported scores do not align with those in their official score report. Your Space Your Space is your opportunity to allow the Committee on Admission to learn something about you that you have not addressed in another section of the application. For example, in the past, applicants have shared poetry, short stories, cartoons, digital images of art projects, photography, and collages, and/or links to videos, and short films. It is your space, so if you choose to complete it, send something that is a reflection of you! Your Space is entirely optional. Informational Interviews After applying, you may request an informational interview with an alumnus to learn more about the Vassar experience. These interviews are not evaluative and are not a required part of the application process. Learn more about interviews at Vassar Music, Art, and Dance Portfolios If you have a well-developed talent or significant accomplishment in music, art, or dance, you may submit a portfolio to be evaluated by our faculty. Learn more about arts portfolio submissions Related Topics How to Apply Requirements, deadlines, financial aid... everything you need to know about how to apply to Vassar. International Applicants Vassar is a vibrant community of global citizens. Learn more about the application process for international students. Transfer Applicants See the checklist of requirements to transfer to Vassar. 124 Raymond Avenue, Poughkeepsie, New York, 12604 Plan a Visit News Contact Us About Academics Admission Campus Life The Vassar Institute for the Liberal Arts Social Media Directory Campus Calendar Learn more. Request Info Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Consumer Information (HEOA) Title IX © 2022 Vassar College Back to top