Vassar College Menu Fearlessly Consequential Students Families Alums Employees Apply Visit Give Office of Admission Explore Vassar + Academics Campus Diversity & Inclusion Outcomes Local Area Student Life Apply + How to Apply First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants International Applicants For Veterans QuestBridge Students Financial Aid Visit + In-Person Visits Virtual Programs Group Visits Class Visits Vassar on Demand Financial Aid + Applying for Aid Types of Aid Forms & Resources Tuition & Fees Quick Facts + Class Profile Connect + For Counselors Meet the Students Vassar About Academics Admission Campus Life Athletics Arts Sustainability News How to Apply Home Admission Applying to Vassar How to Apply First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans QuestBridge Finalists Financial Aid Applying to Vassar Whether you're a first-year or transfer applicant, find everything you need to know here about how to apply and what we look for in an applicant. First-Year Applicants First-year applicants may submit in any one of the following ways: Common Application Coalition Application QuestBridge Application Learn more about First-Year Applications Transfer Applicants Transfer applicants can apply using the Common Application. Learn more about Transfer Applications Submitting Application Materials Electronic submission is preferred. Application materials may also be submitted via email, fax, or mail. Supplemental materials can be uploaded through the application status portal, which is available after an application has been submitted and processed. To submit documents: Email: applicationmaterials@vassar.edu Fax: (845) 437-7063 Financial Aid documents should be submitted to Student Financial Services through Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Selection Criteria Vassar weighs a number of factors in the admission decision, including: Academic performance, as demonstrated in high school Personal strengths, motivation, and potential as evidenced in essays, recommendations, and community involvement Vassar recommends that prospective applicants applying from high school take four years of: English Mathematics Science History or social science A language other than English Applicants should take a substantial portion of their work in Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, or the highest level of coursework available in their school. Special attention is given to the academic breadth, depth, and rigor of candidates' junior and senior year programs. Optional SAT/ACT Scores Students applying to Vassar may choose whether or not to submit SAT/ACT scores. Know the Vassar codes College Board : 2956 ACT : 2982 TOEFL : 2956 After You've Applied Within 5 days of receiving your application, we will send you an email with your Applicant ID and directions on how to access an online checklist for your application. Adding all supporting documents to our system may take a few weeks. If there are items missing from your application, you will be notified before decision release for your specified application round. Students will be able to check their admission decision online on the same website you used to check the status of your application. Vassar does not release admission decisions via telephone. Additional Information Fee Waivers If the application fee poses a financial hardship, a fee waiver can be requested on the Common Application or the Coalition Application. Fee waivers are automatically offered to applicants who are QuestBridge Finalists and U.S. Military Veterans. If you apply via the Common Application , under the Vassar College Member-Specific section you will be asked "Do you intend to use one of these school-specific fee waivers?" Please select "Yes, I will be using a Vassar fee waiver." If you apply via the Coalition Application , use the fee waiver code: Vassar Fee Waiver . Undocumented students Vassar College considers applications submitted by undocumented or DACA-mented students for the first-year class with the same consideration given to any other applicants when reviewing their application. Although funding is limited, the College is committed to meeting the full, demonstrated financial need of undocumented or DACA students admitted to Vassar following the same procedures Vassar uses to grant aid to accepted international students. AP and IB Credit Vassar awards credit for scores of 4 or 5 on select AP exams and for scores of 5, 6, or 7 on select IB Higher Level exams. A maximum of 2 units of pre-matriculation examination-based credits can be awarded. Taking a Gap Year Students who are taking a gap year must confirm their intent to enroll at Vassar by submitting the Candidate's Reply Card and the required enrollment deposit by May 1, and must complete the Deferral Request Form by the deadline listed on the Admitted Students website. If deferred status is approved, a formal letter stating the conditions under which the deferral has been granted will be sent to the student. Transfer students and students offered admission to Vassar from the wait list are ineligible to request a deferral of admission. Related Topics First-Year Applicants Application information and options for first-year applicants. International Applicants Vassar is a vibrant community of global citizens. Learn more about the application process for international students. Transfer Applicants See the checklist of requirements to transfer to Vassar. 124 Raymond Avenue, Poughkeepsie, New York, 12604 Plan a Visit News Contact Us About Academics Admission Campus Life The Vassar Institute for the Liberal Arts Social Media Directory Campus Calendar Learn more. Request Info Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Consumer Information (HEOA) Title IX © 2022 Vassar College Back to top