Vassar College Menu Fearlessly Consequential Students Families Alums Employees Apply Visit Give Office of Admission Explore Vassar + Academics Campus Diversity & Inclusion Outcomes Local Area Student Life Apply + How to Apply First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants International Applicants For Veterans QuestBridge Students Financial Aid Visit + In-Person Visits Virtual Programs Group Visits Class Visits Vassar on Demand Financial Aid + Applying for Aid Types of Aid Forms & Resources Tuition & Fees Quick Facts + Class Profile Connect + For Counselors Meet the Students Vassar About Academics Admission Campus Life Athletics Arts Sustainability News Tuition & Fees Home Admission Financial Aid Applying for Aid Types of Aid Forms & Resources Tuition & Fees Over half of Vassar students receive financial aid and the average Vassar scholarship award is $63,033. We are committed to making a Vassar education affordable by meeting 100% of the demonstrated financial need of all admitted students. 2026-2027 Tuition and Fees Overview Tuition $ 76,140 Housing and Dining $ 19,800 Fees $ 1,020 Students should anticipate budgeting $2,250 for books, supplies, personal expenses, and transportation to and from the campus. Additional information can be found on the Student Financial Services website. Visit Student Financial Services Housing and Dining Students living on campus are required to participate in a college board plan (also known as the meal plan). For more information about housing, visit the Office of Residential Life . Visit the Office of Residential Life Student Activity Fee Payment of this fee is required of all matriculated students. Student activity fees comprise the budget of the Vassar Student Association (student government) and provide funding for more than 100 student organizations and campus events. Explore Student Orgs Student Health Insurance All students are required to have health insurance. Health insurance is available through the College, or you may request a waiver if you already have coverage. Visit Student Financial Services Related Topics Types of Aid Vassar offers scholarships, grants, loans, and on-campus jobs. Forms & Resources All the forms and resources you will need to apply for financial aid at Vassar Applying for Aid Vassar is need-blind and your financial aid application will not impact our admission decision 124 Raymond Avenue, Poughkeepsie, New York, 12604 Plan a Visit News Contact Us About Academics Admission Campus Life The Vassar Institute for the Liberal Arts Social Media Directory Campus Calendar Learn more. Request Info Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Consumer Information (HEOA) Title IX © 2022 Vassar College Back to top