Vassar College Menu Fearlessly Consequential Students Families Alums Employees Apply Visit Give Office of Admission Explore Vassar + Academics Campus Diversity & Inclusion Outcomes Local Area Student Life Apply + How to Apply First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants International Applicants For Veterans QuestBridge Students Financial Aid Visit + In-Person Visits Virtual Programs Group Visits Class Visits Vassar on Demand Financial Aid + Applying for Aid Types of Aid Forms & Resources Tuition & Fees Quick Facts + Class Profile Connect + For Counselors Meet the Students Vassar About Academics Admission Campus Life Athletics Arts Sustainability News Applying for Aid Home Admission Financial Aid Applying for Aid Types of Aid Forms & Resources Tuition & Fees Student Financial Services We're here to help you through each step as you navigate the financial aid process. If you have any questions, contact finaid@vassar.edu or visit Student Financial Services. Visit Student Financial Services Apply for Financial Aid To be considered for financial aid, you must complete the following items by the posted deadlines: FAFSA The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) must be completed to determine eligibility for all sources of federal financial aid. Vassar code : 002895 Available : December Applies to : U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents only Once completed, review the Student Aid Report (SAR) sent to you by the Department of Education for accuracy. If necessary, correct any errors and resubmit. Visit FAFSA.org CSS Profile The College Scholarship Service Profile (CSS Profile) is required to determine eligibility for Vassar scholarship aid. Vassar code : 2956 Available after : October 1st Applies to : All students, domestic and international If parents are separated/divorced, both parents will each complete their own CSS Profile application. Visit CSS Profile IDOC Through the College Board Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC), you can submit requested documentation as part of the aid application. Available late October/early November; must complete CSS Profile first IDOC will email instructions once you become eligible for service Write your name and IDOC ID number on all documents Retain a copy of all documents you submit Visit Collegeboard IDOC Financial Aid Deadlines Early Decision I November 15 Early Decision II January 1 Regular Decision February 1 Fall Transfer March 15 Spring Transfer November 1 Returning Students May 1 Financial Aid Application Checklists For detailed information regarding financial aid application requirements and deadlines, please select the appropriate checklist in the Financial Aid Application Checklists section on the Student Financial Aid site. Related Topics Types of Aid Vassar offers scholarships, grants, loans, and on-campus jobs. Forms & Resources All the forms and resources you will need to apply for financial aid at Vassar Tuition & Fees Vassar offers a high-value education and is committed to meeting 100% of students' demonstrated financial needs 124 Raymond Avenue, Poughkeepsie, New York, 12604 Plan a Visit News Contact Us About Academics Admission Campus Life The Vassar Institute for the Liberal Arts Social Media Directory Campus Calendar Learn more. Request Info Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Consumer Information (HEOA) Title IX © 2022 Vassar College Back to top