ICCR Scholarships Academic Year 2026-27 Guidelines/Rules for Foreign Students 1. Registration on A2A Portal a) Candidates should follow the instructions carefully while registering on the A2A Portal and fill in their data correctly. ICCR will not be responsible for any mismatch of information filled out on the A2A portal and the documentary evidence. Any discrepancy in the information provided by the candidate through the A2A portal will result in cancellation of the application. b) Application for ICCR scholarship can be made online at ICCR's A2A Scholarship Portal (https://a2ascholarships.iccr.gov.in) only. Application sent through any other mode to the Indian Mission/ICCR/University will not be accepted. c) Candidates who are already pursuing Under Graduate (UG) and Post Graduate (PG) courses in India and intend to pursue further studies will have to apply afresh through the A2A portal to process their applications. d) Multiple registrations by a candidate in a particular academic year are strictly prohibited. A candidate should make only one application on the A2A Portal during an academic year. Multiple applications during a single academic year will lead to rejection of all the applications at any point in time during the application/selection process. Candidates should note that the application of the candidate with multiple applications can be cancelled even after the award of a scholarship and/or after joining the course in India. Therefore, the candidates should refrain from making multiple applications on the A2A portal. 2. Filling-up the Application Form a) Each detail in the online application should be complete and correct according to the instructions to avoid rejection by the Mission/University/ICCR. b) Applicants are advised to read all the instructions carefully before for filling online application and upload the documents as per the specifications/ instructions available on the A2A portal. c) Passport-size photograph of the applicant with a white background and visibility of both ears should be uploaded as per the specifications/instructions available on the A2A portal d) In order to avoid potential rejection by the Universities/institutions, the applicants are advised to go through the course details, duration and eligibility criteria available on the website of the University and for any further clarity on any of these aspects Indian Mission may be contacted. -2e) Selection of candidates for the award of scholarship is the sole discretion of the Indian Mission. Indian Mission and ICCR reserve their rights to accept or reject any application at any stage without assigning any reason whatsoever. No communication in this regard from the student or any other entity shall be entertained by the Indian Mission, ICCR or any other authority of the Government of India. 3. Eligibility Criteria - General a) Applicants must note that the Passport should have a minimum validity of two years as on 1 July 2026. b) Applicants with PIO/OCI status should have completed his/her schooling (upto XII standard) abroad (i.e. not in India) and have not been studying in India in the preceding five academic years to be eligible to avail ICCR scholarships for Ph.D. courses and for three years for PG courses. c) Universities/Institutions conduct their classes for foreign students in the English language for all courses. Applicants should ensure that they possess proficiency in English and are willing to prove the same to the extent that they are able to speak fluently in English and comprehend lessons in English without any difficulty. Applicants have to fulfill the eligibility criteria with regard to the proficiency in English as determined by the Indian Mission in addition to the mandatory submission of an essay of 500 words in English on one of the topics/subjects listed on the A2A Portal. d) Applicants also have the option to upload their certificates/scores obtained in global English Proficiency tests like TOEFL, IELTS, etc., as proof of English language proficiency e) Applicants may note that Universities/Institutions have their own age criteria, subject to fulfilling the following Minimum/Maximum Age criteria as 1st July 2026, prescribed by ICCR for foreign students for the award of scholarship under various courses 18 Years - Minimum Age for any level of courses 35 Years - Maximum Age for UG, PG, Certificate and Diploma level courses 40 Years - Maximum Age for Ph.D. level courses No upper age limit for courses in Hindi, Sanskrit, any of the Indian performing arts courses (such as Kathak, Bharatnatyam, Vocal/Instrumental music, etc.) unless prescribed by the concerned institution -3f) Applicants may note that falsification of date of birth in any manner will lead to automatic rejection/termination of admission and scholarship. In case falsification of date of birth is found after joining the course, the student will be liable to go back to his/her home country on his/her own expenses and to refund the entire amount incurred for him/her on account of any expenses, such as air ticket, any payment of stipend and other scholarship dues, fees of the institutions, etc. A forgery complaint could be registered under the relevant provisions of Bhartiya Nyaya Sanhita 2023 (BNS 2023) in such cases of falsification. 4. Selection of Course/Institution a) ICCR scholarships are provided to study only at the Universities/Institutions empanelled with ICCR. The list of these Universities/Institutions is available on the Portal. Applicants are advised to go through the weblink of these Universities/Institutions available on the Portal to make the choice of courses according to the eligibility criteria. b) Applicants have the choice to opt maximum of 5 Universities/Institutes and Courses in order of priority. Applicants are advised to carefully make the choice of courses, keeping in view the eligibility criteria of the concerned University/Institution. Please note that a change of course and/or University after the award of a scholarship is not permissible under any circumstances. c) The application will be scrutinised by the respective Universities/Institutions independently for the grant of admission in the course and stream chosen by the applicant. d) Candidates opting for admission in science/engineering UG level courses may ensure that they have studied Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry at the final/High School level (Standard XII). e) Candidates opting for admission in science courses with biology as a major subject may ensure that they have studied Biology, Physics and Chemistry at the final/High School level (Standard XII). f) As a general precondition in most of the Indian Universities/Institutions, applicants are required to have studied the same subjects at the Higher Secondary level for which they aspire to take admission. g) No admission is provided to foreign students for B.Tech Courses in the IITs h) Applicants opting for admission in MBA courses may note that a GMAT score is mandatory in some of the Universities/Institutions. -4i) Scholarships are provided only for structured courses for the duration of one year or above at the levels of UG, PG, Ph.D. Certificate/Diploma (only in Indian Languages/Literature, Performing/Visual Arts and Yoga). No scholarships are provided for any short-term certificate, diploma or research courses. Admission in research courses is provided only at Ph.D. level. j) Applicants for Ph.D. courses are required to submit a synopsis of their research topic along with their application. Applicants must ensure that the research topic does not involve data collection in the home country or any other country outside India, as far as possible. k) Applicants opting to pursue performing arts courses are required to upload the latest video/YouTube link of their performance. l) Courses at the levels of UG, PG and Ph.D. levels in the disciplines of Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy are provided under the AYUSH Scholarship Schemes m) Applicants must note that no scholarships are provided to study courses in the fields of Medical Science; Para-medical courses like Nursing, Physiotherapy, anaesthesia, Lab technicians, etc., Law, Integrated courses such as BALLB (5 Years), B.Sc. & M.Sc. (5 Years) etc. n) Students must note that in case an Equivalence Certificate of the Association of Indian Universities (AIU) is a precondition, the Indian Mission will guide the student to apply for the same, and any charges/fees/expenses on this are required to be borne by the student. Indian Mission and/or ICCR will not incur/reimburse such costs. The following are the contact details and weblink of the AIU - Weblink - https://evaluation.aiu.ac.in/Student/Login Phone Numbers - +911123230059/23231097/23232305 Extension: 210/234/252 E-mail IDs studentinfo@aiu.ac.in; ds_international@aiu.ac.in; evaluation@aiu.ac.in 5. Grant of Admission by University/Institution - a) Candidates must note that admission to a particular course is the sole discretion of the concerned University/Institution, and ICCR/Indian Mission has no role in this regard. b) Universities/Institutions will upload the provisional admission confirmation of an applicant on the A2A portal only. -56. Selection by the Indian Mission - a) After completion of the admission process by the Universities/Institutions, Indian Missions evaluate the candidates for the award of scholarship on various parameters. b) Applicants must note that the grant of admission in one or more than one University/Institution does not guarantee the award of a scholarship. Indian Mission selects the candidates for the award of scholarship according to the number of slots allocated under the Scholarship Scheme for the country and reserves the right to accept or reject any candidate for the award of scholarship at any stage. c) Any confirmation of admission provided by the University/Institution directly to the student will not be considered. d) Right to grant scholarship is reserved with the Indian Mission/ICCR, and no communication in this regard will be entertained. e) Once the applicant is selected by the Indian Mission, an offer letter for the award of a scholarship is issued by the Indian Mission for acceptance by the applicant. Applicant is required to accept or reject the offer within 7 days on the A2A Portal, and in case the student does not respond within the prescribed time limit, the award of scholarship will be cancelled by the Mission. If the student opts to accept the offer, he/she has to process his/her acceptance on the portal and is required to upload his/her medical fitness as per the format within the prescribed time limit, failing which the scholarship offer will be cancelled. 7. Medical Fitness a) Student must be sound in physical and mental health, not suffering from any chronic contagious/non-communicable diseases, having undergone mandatory and obligatory vaccinations, etc. b) The selected student must upload on the A2A Portal his/her Medical Fitness Certificate with test reports/vaccinations issued by a reputed hospital/Lab in the country or as prescribed by the Indian Mission in the country on the A2A portal. c) The student must note that the Indian Mission would satisfy itself about the medical fitness provided by the student and has the discretion to accept or reject the same without assigning any reason. The student must follow the instructions and guidance of the Indian Mission, if any, to prove his/her medical fitness. -6d) Student must note that Universities/Institutions also conduct health check-ups upon joining of the course and in case the student is not found medically fit by the University/Institution, student has to go back to his/her country on his/her own expenses and required to refund expenses incurred for him/her by the Indian Mission or ICCR, such as air-ticket, visa expenses, any allowances paid in India etc. 8. Pre-departure Formalities/Check-list a) After completion of acceptance formalities, the student is required to approach the Indian Mission for the completion of the pre-departure formalities. b) Airfare and other related travel expenses are not covered unless specifically stated under the scholarship scheme. c) Upon selection for the award of scholarship, the student must register at the SII Portal and create a unique ID, which is one of the mandatory requirements to apply for the visa with the Indian Mission. Students may approach the Indian Mission for guidance on registering on the SII Portal and the visa application process. d) Upon selection for the award of scholarship, the applicant must go through the visa formalities and approach the Indian Mission with all the documents for the endorsement of Student Visa (S-1) in case he/she is selected for UG, PG, Certificate, Diploma level of courses or Research Visa (S-5) in case he/she is selected for Ph.D. level courses. Upon issuance of a visa, the applicant is required to check the visa details (such as visa category, duration, number of entries, passport number, and photograph on the visa, etc.) and upload them on the A2A Portal. e) In case the award of scholarship includes the provision of an air ticket, the applicant should approach the Indian Mission to book their air ticket up to the nearest airport to the place of study where the admission has been granted. Onward travel, if not covered by air, can be undertaken by 3 Tier AC Train Journey or by Bus/Coach. Costs on Train/Bus travel for the sectors not covered by air journey, will be reimbursed to the student upon submission of claim along with original train/bus tickets with the concerned ICCR ZO/SZO. f) Student is required to join the course within the time-frame specified in the offer of scholarship issued by the Indian Mission. The student may note that joining the course beyond the joining date is not permissible. If the student is unable to join the course by the prescribed joining date, he should approach the Indian Mission to assess the possibility of late joining and, accordingly, obtain permission to join the course after the prescribed date/time-frame for joining. Students must note that joining the course late would be subject to the permission of the University/Institution. If a student arrives in India after the prescribed date of joining without prior permission and the University/Institution does not allow joining, the student has to return to his/her country at his/her own expense, without any liability whatsoever on ICCR or the Indian Mission. -7g) Student is advised to plan travel in a way that he/she should arrive in India at the beginning/middle of the week and avoid reaching in the end of the week/weekend due to the fact that the student is required to complete immigration formalities to get the residential permit within a period of 14 days from the date of arrival. h) In case travel to India involves transit journeys, the student must ensure having a transit visa, if required, and a sufficient time gap/layover between the two connecting flights, especially when there is a change of airport during the transit journey. Indian Mission and/or ICCR will have no responsibility if the student is unable to travel or take connecting flights for any reason. The student will be required to incur his/her own expenses to reschedule his/her travel to India in such circumstances. i) Applicants should carefully go through the permissible baggage limit both for check-in and hand baggage on flights/sectors they are travelling on, and carry the baggage within such maximum limits. No excess baggage allowance is paid or reimbursed by the Indian Mission or ICCR as per the scholarship norms. j) Student is required to upload his/her travel details on the A2A portal to enable the concerned University/Institute/ICCR to make necessary arrangements for his/her arrival. As far as possible and if the arrival schedule is provided well in advance through the A2A Portal (preferably 15-20 days before the date of arrival), the University/Institution/ICCR usually facilitates reception at the airport nearest to the place of study. In case reception at the airport is not required, the student should indicate it on the A2A portal while uploading their travel schedule. k) The student should complete other country-specific travel formalities well in advance, such as yellow fever and/or other mandatory vaccinations or immigration requirements, etc. Indian Mission or ICCR has no responsibility in case the student is unable to travel due to such reasons and is required to reschedule his/her travel on his/her own under intimation to the Indian Mission. l) Student is required to carry sufficient money in US Dollar required to meet expenses for the initial settlement as also for completing other formalities with concerned University/Institution (fees, registration charges, security deposit), hiring of private/hostel accommodation, food expenses etc. as completion of initial procedural and mandatory formalities, including opening of the local bank account, takes about 2-3 months' time and scholarship allowances are released only after completion of these formalities. For such expenses, students are advised to carry self-financial support of around USD 1500. In case the student carries any debit/credit card, he must ensure that such a card is accepted in India. Students can seek guidance on this from the Indian Mission. -8m) Before departure, the student is advised to gather information about India, its culture, people in general and, in particular, the information about the city where he/she will be studying, including cuisine, fashion, dance, music, language, social norms, etc., through various sources in his/her reach. The student is also advised to gather as much information as possible about the University/Institution where he/she would be studying from the University/Institution's website and/or other authentic open sources, or from foreign students already studying there. Such information will help the student to settle down at the initial stage. n) Indian Universities/educational institutes are autonomous and independent bodies and have their own eligibility criteria. It is, therefore, for the student to satisfy himself/herself about the course, the University/Institution and the eligibility criteria to secure admission. Decision on admission is solely that of the respective University/Institute, and queries on this should not be directed to ICCR. o) Admission is provisional till the time the University satisfies itself of the authenticity of the requisite documents submitted by the student upon arrival to join the course. If on arrival, it is found that the student does not possess the required original documents and/or is not eligible for the course, he/she was granted provisional admission confirmation, the student will himself be responsible for the consequences, including cancellation of admission and the student is required to return to his/her country at his/her own costs. ICCR or the Indian Mission will have no liability whatsoever for the same. p) The student, while coming to India to join his/her respective University/Institute, should invariably bring the following documents for verification by the University, ICCR or any other local Indian authorities 1) Offer letter issued by the Indian Mission 2) Original documents related to academic qualification from School education onwards, and those were uploaded in the A2A Portal in the application process along with a notarized English translation, in the original in case the same are in a language other than English. 3) Certified copy of the transcript/syllabus of the last qualifying examination on the basis of which the admission is granted. For example, for admission in the UG course, the transcript/syllabus of High School, for PG course, the transcript/syllabus of UG course and similarly for Ph.D. Course, transcript/ syllabus of Masters Course is required to be brought. 4) Medical Fitness Certificate along with test reports and vaccination certificates 5) English Proficiency Certificates, if any 6) Synopsis of the research topic by students selected for Ph.D. courses 7) AIU Equivalence Certificate, if applicable 8) Joining Report Form downloadable from the A2A Portal 9) Passport-size photographs which will be required for various purposes 10) Any other document which can be relevant for admission at the University/Institution -9n) University/Institution/ICCR expects foreign students to participate in cultural, social and sports activities. Subject to baggage limitations/rules, students are advised to carry their national costumes, dance costumes, musical instruments (in case the student plays any musical instrument), sports gear for use during such events and any personal essentials such as important medicines with proper medical prescription for use till the student gets acquainted with the medicines available locally. 9. Post-arrival procedures - A) Admission at University and Registration with Immigration Authorities (FRRO) 1) The student must report the International Centre of the University/Institution and the concerned ICCR Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office on the day of his/her arrival or the next day during working hours to complete admission formalities and seek documents required for registration with the local immigration authorities. 2) The student must apply online for registration with the local immigration authorities (FRRO) and upload all the requisite documents listed on the website of the FRRO. Students must seek guidance from the University/Institution and ICCR for the registration process. 3) The student must note that registration with the local immigration authorities (FRRO) seeking a residential permit has to be done within 14 days from the date of arrival. 4) The student must note that any expenses payable to immigration authorities (FRRO), such as registration fee, late fee, penalty, fine etc., are to be borne by the student. No expenses in this regard will be paid or reimbursed by ICCR. 5) Scholars must ensure regular renewal/extension of the visa/Residential Permit well before its expiry. Students must note that in case of violation of visa rules or delay in renewal of the visa/residential permit; immigration authorities impose penalties/fines and/or deport the student back to their home country. The student has to bear the expenses on his/her own in case of imposition of any such penalties or fines due to violation of visa norms. Immigration authorities are independent bodies, and the University or ICCR has no authority to get any waiver/relaxation in case of violation of visa/immigration rules. 6) The student must note that it is mandatory to register the new residential address with the immigration authorities (FRRO) in case there is a change in residence at any point of time. Non-intimation of the new residential address may lead to imposition of a penalty or fine and any such frequent violations may lead to deportation back to home country. 7) Student is also advised to register or share their details, such as date of arrival of India, Visa particulars, Residential Permit Details, Course, name of University/Institution, likely period of stay etc. with the Mission of their country in India. -10B) Submission of Joining Report with University/ICCR - 1) After completing the admission formalities, the student should fill up the Joining Report (JR) in the prescribed Performa with the help of the University/Institution and submit the same with the concerned official of the University/Institution (International Student Advisor/Head of Department) for certification and sending it to ICCR. 2) The student must note that receipt of a duly certified Joining Report by the concerned Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office of ICCR from the University/Institution is mandatory to initiate the process for releasing scholarship allowances. C) Medical Health Insurance - 1) The student must note that all his/her health issues, including day-to-day illness or any major illness, are required to be taken care of by himself/herself. ICCR will bear no costs or liabilities on any such issues. 2) The student must note that Medical Health Insurance Policy, on his/her own expense, with a minimum health cover of INR 500000 (Five Hundred Thousand Rupees) or more, is a mandatory pre-requisite for receiving the scholarship allowances. 3) The student may either purchase Medical Health Insurance in his/her home country, which is valid in India or purchase it in India immediately upon joining his/her course and submit a copy of the same with ICCR Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office through the University/Institution. 5) At the time of purchasing Medical Health Insurance cover, the student must understand the procedure to raise claims, treatments covered, hospitals in the vicinity listed under the insurance cover, etc. ICCR will have no liability whatsoever for facilitating insurance claims from the Insurance Company. 6) In case of any illness or medical emergency, the student must take treatment from the hospitals listed with the Insurance Company and inform the University/Institution/ICCR. 8) The student must note that he/she is required to borne entire expenditure on any illness/medical treatment either through medical insurance cover or on his/her own. D) Opening of Bank Account- 1) The student must note that all the disbursements on account of scholarship allowances are made only through bank transfers, and no payment is made in cash or through any other means. -112) Upon joining his/her University/Institution, the student should initiate the process to open his/her bank account at the designated branch of the State Bank of India (SBI) under the guidance of the University/Institution. 3) The student should share their bank details with ICCR through the University/Institution. 10. Academic Obligations of Student - a) Student is liable to abide by all the rules and regulations with regard to conduct/discipline and academics as prescribed and amended from time to time by the University/Institution. Any such matters will be handled by the University/Institution in accordance with its own rules and regulations, without any intervention by ICCR. b) Any breach or violation of rules and regulations will be viewed seriously and lead to cancellation of admission and scholarship. c) Student is expected to demonstrate satisfactory academic progress throughout their course duration. d) Student is expected to attend classes, practical and academic activities regularly as per the rules/regulations of the University/Institute. e) Absence from classes without prior permission from the University and ICCR may attract a penalty as imposed by the University/Institution and termination of scholarship. f) Failure in examinations, poor academic performance and irregular attendance record may lead to suspension or termination of scholarship allowances. g) Scholars are required to participate in academic evaluations and follow assessment schedules as per the academic requirements, guidelines or instructions of the University/Institution. h) Student is expected to dedicate a maximum of his/her time to academic pursuits and professional gains. i) The student must note that scholarship allowances (Stipend and House Rent Allowance) shall be disbursed on the basis of academic progress in his/her course. If he/she fails in the examination and does not get promoted to the next level of study, he/she will not be entitled to get scholarship allowances till he/she clears his/her backlog and is promoted to the next level in his/her course. During this intervening period student has to study on a self-financed basis, and no financial support will be provided by ICCR. -12j) In case the student fails in any of the academic years of his/her Course, the scholarship would be suspended, and the student would be required to study on a self-financed basis to repeat the academic year. No scholarship allowances, tuition fee or any other fees to be charged by the University/Institution will be paid by ICCR for the repeat academic year. The scholarship will be revived after the student clears the examination of the repeat academic year and is promoted to the next academic year of his/her course. In case the student fails again in the repeat academic year, his/her scholarship will stand terminated, and he/she would have to complete his/her course as a self-financed student or return to his/her country on his/her own expense. k) Student must note that the student is entitled to scholarship allowances and the admissible charges of the University/Institution for the duration of the course, subject to regular promotion to the next level each year on a regular basis. l) Students must note that they are required to provide their academic progress report regularly upon completion of each Semester to ICCR, failing which scholarship allowances would be suspended. 11. Permissible Ex-India Leave - a) As a recipient of a scholarship, the student is expected to spend most of his/her time in India for study purposes as well as to explore India and its culture. b) Scholarship allowances are paid to students to sustain themselves in India, and any stay outside India more than the permissible limit will attract a deduction of scholarship allowances. Students must note that ex-India period waiver/deductions will be governed by the following rules from the commencement of the academic year 2026-27 - 1) Student must note that the paid ex-India period for students of any levels of courses will not exceed 60 days in an academic year with the conditions that (a) Ex-India period can be availed maximum twice in an academic year; (b) Ex-India period upto 30 days at a time will not attract any deduction in scholarship allowances; (c) Any number of days of continuous ex-India period beyond 30 days and upto 60 days will attract 50% deduction on the amount of stipend; (d) Any number of days beyond 60 days limit will attract deduction of entire scholarship allowances excluding HRA; (e) Any number of days beyond the second time even if it is within the total 60 days limit will attract deduction of entire scholarship allowances excluding HRA. 2) Ph.D. scholars are allowed to avail additional ex-India period up to 60 days without any deductions in scholarship allowance once in the entire duration of their course for the purpose of data collection if the University/Institution has granted formal permission and intimated the same to the ICCR Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office. -133) The student must obtain prior written permission from the University/Institution for any planned travel outside India, clearly specifying the reasons for such a visit. The period of such absence must be based on genuine reasons and should not attract a shortfall in attendance that prohibits the student from appearing in the examination for promotion to the next level. 4) The student must also inform the concerned ICCR Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office well in advance regarding his/her absence and stay outside India. In emergencies, students should promptly inform the University and ICCR before their departure and seek formal permission from the University upon returning to India. In such cases, the payment of scholarship dues will be stopped until the student returns to India, seeks formal permission from the University, and sends the same to the ICCR Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office. 5) Waiver of scholarship deductions on account of ex-India absence is an enabling provision to support students in genuine cases and cannot be claimed as a matter of right. The student must note that no waiver or relaxation in deductions in stipend and other dues on account of the ex-India period will be granted. 12. Accommodation a) The student must note that the University will guide the student to find suitable accommodation in the University Hostel or outside on their own expenses. The student is expected to make a decision carefully, either to stay in the available Hostel accommodation after satisfying himself about the living conditions and other facilities or in a private accommodation. b) In case the student opts for hostel accommodation, he/she will not be allowed to leave the accommodation till the completion of the academic year. In case a student opts to l eave hostel accommodation in the midst of an academic year, he/she is required to seek permission from the University authorities with a minimum of three months' advance notice, or as prescribed by the University under its rules. The student will be liable to pay any charges/fines/penalties as demanded by the University/Institution under its rules for pre-mature leaving of the Hostel due to any reason whatsoever. c) Student must note that the above regulations regarding hostel accommodation do not prohibit the University from framing its own rules for the purpose, and the student is bound to abide by any such rules of the University. The student is also bound to abide by any rules framed by the University for foreign students availing the hostel accommodation. d) Accommodation charges are to be paid by the student directly to the Hostel authorities or to the owner in case of private accommodation.ICCR has no liability whatsoever with regard to the accommodation of the student. -14e) The student must ensure that hostel dues are paid according to the schedule prescribed by the Hostel Authorities and settle any dues payable before leaving the hostel finally or in the midst of his/her course. 13. Use of Social Media - a) As a scholarship recipient, students should be sensible while using social media. Students must not post any content on social media which is anti-India, derogatory, political or against Indian institutions or people or can disturb social, cultural or religious harmony. b) Students should not engage in activities on social media platforms that may harm relations between India and their home country. c) Students must note that the scholarship will be terminated immediately in case the student is not sensible in using the social media platforms and deported. d) Any student found involved in unlawful activities, misconduct, or activities against India's interests will have their scholarship terminated immediately. e) Student must strictly abide by the rules, regulations, laws or guidelines of the Government of India or any other authorities in its entirety. 14. Prohibited Activities - a) Students are not allowed to do any part-time/full-time job for earning while studying in India on ICCR scholarship. b) Students should not be involved in any kind of political activities, such as campaigning or running for any posts in the elections to the student bodies at the college/University level. c) Students should not indulge in any kind of criminal/anti-social or political activities or anti-India activities or any such activities which are in violation of laws of the Government of India, State Government(s) and/or the Administration of the Union Territory(ies) of India. In such cases, the student will be liable to rustication from the University/Institution and termination of scholarship immediately. d) Students should not indulge/join groups or activities related to religion, politics, students' organizations, etc. e) Student is not allowed to participate in any demonstration, protests, etc. f) The student should not indulge in any intimidation, bullying, ragging or any such activities during his/her stay in India. -15f) Students should not indulge in violence anywhere. g) If the student is found to be indulging in any of the prohibited activities listed above or fails to comply with any rules and regulations of the University/Institute, he/she is liable to be rusticated and deported back to his/her country. 15. Scholarship Allowances - Level of Course Monthly Stipend Monthly House Rent Allowance Annual Contingent Allowance One time thesis/ dissertation allowance Grade I Cities Other Cities UG INR 18000 INR 6500 INR 5500 INR 5000 *INR 7000 PG INR 20000 INR 7000 *INR 7000 Ph.D. INR 22000 INR 12500 INR10000 *only applicable to students in those courses where Project Report is to be submitted as per the prescribed course requirement. 16. General Rules and Guidelines a) These rules and guidelines are subject to change/amendment at any point of time at the sole discretion of ICCR and it would be obligatory on the part of the student to abide by the said changed/amended guidelines. b) Students must update ICCR and the University immediately if they change their address, mobile number or emergency contact. c) Students must respect the cultural values and laws of India at all times. d) Students must take prior permission from the University/Institute and inform ICCR in case he/she goes out of the city where they are studying, indicating the period of stay and the contact details. e) ICCR reserves its right to amend or change scholarship policy, rules and regulations, including the financial terms and bring it into effect at its own discretion and inform the same to students through ICCR's Zonal/Sub-Zonal Offices, and such changes or amendments would be binding on students. -16f) Students under AYUSH Scholarship Schemes will be governed by a separate set of terms and conditions prescribed by the Ministry of AYUSH, Government of India, which will be available on the A2A Portal. Student may apply for AYUSH Courses only after the announcement for AYUSH Scholarship Scheme is made by the Indian Mission. g) Under any unfortunate circumstances when the student dies while in India, responsibility for the transportation of the mortal remains rests with the family of the student directly or through the Embassy/Mission of their country in India. ICCR will extend support in facilitation in completing the procedural formalities with the local authorities. h) Student must ensure that any dues payable by him/her to the University/Institution, such as hostel/mess charges, security deposits, caution fees, library books, fines/penalty etc. are required to be settled by the student in time and in case student does not settle the same, ICCR will stop the disbursal of the scholarship allowances till the confirmation of the settlement of dues by the University/Institution. i) Student is eligible to receive scholarship allowances only for the prescribed duration of his/her course or till the date he/she stays in India after his/her final examination and before the date of declaration of his/her final result by the University/Institution, whichever is later. In case the student stays till the date of declaration of his/her final result, he/she will be eligible for additional scholarship allowances for a maximum period of 21 days beyond the date of declaration of his/her final result by the University/Institution as a support to complete pre-departure formalities. j) Prescribed tenure of scholarship for a regular Ph.D. student is 3 years, and the student is expected to complete the course within this period. Any extension beyond this period shall be at the sole discretion of ICCR, subject to the recommendation of the Supervisor/Guide and approved by the Vice-Chancellor/Head of the University/Institution. Under no circumstances, extension period exceed six months at a time, and it can be considered a maximum of two years. In case the student wishes to stay for viva-voce, a special extension can be considered for a maximum period of six months, subject to the recommendation of the Guide and approved by the Vice-Chancellor/Head of University/Institution, and no stipend will be paid for extension of any duration for viva-voce. k) The student must note that the ICCR scholarship is only for the individual applicant so awarded, for the duration of the enrolled course in India. As such, ICCR is not liable in any manner, financially or otherwise, for other individuals (family members) related to the ICCR scholar. -17l) Student must note that the Indian Mission in the home country, University/Institution (International Student Advisor/Head of the Department) and ICCR Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office are the nodal points for any issues related to scholarship. Approaching the ICCR HQs in New Delhi or any other Ministry or Department of the Government of India, or the State Government, or the City Administration should be avoided. 17. Final Return to Home Country - a) The student is required to leave India immediately after the completion of his/her studies (declaration of final result), and the time gap between completion of studies and final departure should not exceed two months under any circumstances. b) After completion of his/her course, student should complete all pre-departure formalities with University/Institution, Immigration/local authorities, settlement of dues/payments of Hostel authorities/landlord (in case of private accommodation), local bank etc. and submit his/her request for air ticket for his/her journey back home country with ICCR Zonal/Sub-Zonal Office immediately after the declaration of his/her final result along with relevant documents such as Passport copy, Valid Visa, Residential Permit, Course Completion Certificate/Marks Statement, No Dues Certificate from the University/Institution, details of Registration on the Alumni Portal, Exit Permit and any other documents/undertaking as demanded by ICCR. c) The student should make a request for an air ticket for the journey back home along with all necessary documents at least 15 days before the proposed date of travel. d) Air ticket for the journey back home will be provided only upon successful completion of the course. e) Air ticket for the journey back home will not be provided to a student who is going back to his/her country before the completion of his/her course. f) The student should register on the Indian Alumni Portal before leaving India. The portal facilitates networking with ICCR, Indian Missions abroad and students from across the globe who studied in India. g) The student should close his/her Bank account before leaving India to ensure security from its misuse in future. **************