Chinese | Русский | Message Board | Apply Now HOME ABOUT About XJTU About SIE Campus About Xi'an Video Wall Message Board ADMISSION Programs Academic Schools Know about Professors Postgraduate Course Curriculum PREPARATION Q&A for New International Students on Registration 2020 Visa Application Accommodation Information Finances What to bring Packing for your trip How to Get to XJTU Regulations ORIENTATION Temporary Residence Record Registration Medical Insurance Payment Residence Permit Application Health Report Verification CURRENT STUDENTS Academic Resource Student Association Employment Accommodation Medical Treatment CONFUCIUS INSTITUTE Confucius Institute Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship ALUMNI Programs Degree Program Bachelor Program Master Program Doctoral Program Non-degree/Foundation Program Chinese Language Program International Foundation Program Student Exchange Program Visiting Scholar Program Summer Camp Short-Term Programs English-taught Programs current location: HOME > Programs > Degree Program > Bachelor Program > Content Bachelor Program Xi'an Jiaotong University International Undergraduate Programs 2026 Release time :2025-10-28 Click-throughput： 开课时间 学制 学费 Xi'an Jiaotong University (XJTU), founded in 1896, is a national key university directly under the administration of China's Ministry of Education. As one of China's top ten research-intensive universities and a member of the C9 League-China's equivalent of the Ivy League-it operates as a comprehensive research university, encompassing 11 major disciplinary categories, including science, engineering, medicine, economics, management, humanities, law, philosophy, art, education, and interdisciplinary studies. Nearly 4,000 international students from over 130 countries and regions are currently pursuing their studies at XJTU. In 2013, the university was designated by China's Ministry of Education as a "Demonstration Base for International Education". In 2024, XJTU achieved the highest rating of Class A+ in the re-certification of higher education quality for international students in China. In the 2025 Shanghai Ranking's Academic Ranking of Chinese Universities, XJTU secured the 10th position. I. Eligibility 1.Under the age of 25 and in good health. Applicants under 18 years old must provide a Guardian Authorization Letter 2. Valid ordinary passport 3. High school / senior secondary or advanced diploma (Applicants who are still in the last year of high school can provide the expected graduation certificate for applying while the official diploma must be provided before Sep 1 st , 2026 upon enrollment) 4. Language skills l Chinese-taught program: Submit Chinese proficiency certificate. Proficiency must be above HSK 4 or equivalent. (Applicants who do not meet the language requirement arerecommended to takePre-university Foundationprograms, and enroll in the degree program after passing the relevant review and exams. Only students who achieve HSK Level 4 or above are eligible to enter degree programs.. Information and details for the foundation program can be found on our website: https://sie.xjtu.edu.cn/en/info/1165/2902.htm) l English-taught program: Submit English proficiency certificate. IELTS 6.0 or TOEFL 80 (or above), or other equivalent English proficiency certificates recognized by our university are accepted. *Native speakers of Chinese or English can be exempted from the corresponding language proficiency certificate upon approval by XJTU. 5. Comply with the regulations of the Ministry of Education's document. [2020] No.12 and the relevant regulations of our university. II. Application Time November1 st , 2025 -June 30 th , 2026 III. Application Documents 1.Xi'an Jiaotong University Application form for international students. (Automatically formed after online application in XJTU system) 2. Notarized original or translated copies of senior high school graduation diploma, either in Chinese or English. Fresh graduates should provide the original expected graduation certificate issued by their school, and supplement the graduation document when registering 3. Transcripts a) Notarized original or translated copies of high school academic transcripts, including courses taken, scores achieved, and clarification of the scoring system; b) The transcript of the unified standardized examination in the student's home country or the internationally prevailing standardized examinations (such as A-Level, IBDP, etc.); 4. Language certificates such as HSK, TOEFL, and IELTS (applicants whose mother tongue is Chinese/Englishare free from the above certificate after getting approved from our school); 5. Scanned copy of the China Scholastic Competency Assessment（CSCA）transcript； 6.A recommendation letter written by the high school headmaster or teachers (email, phone number and signature should be included.)； 7. Study plan written in English or Chinese with no less than 600 characters or words; 8. Scanned copy of valid foreign ordinary passport (validity period must extend at least six months beyond the intended date of enrollment); 9. Physical Examination Record for Foreigner (download at http://sie.xjtu.edu.cn/en/2.pdf and fill in Chinese or English. The applicant must strictly take all the examinations as required by the Form. Forms leaving a blank or absence of suggestion and signature of the doctor or seal of the hospital are invalid. The results are valid for six months.); 10. Non-criminal record within the validity period; 11. Other supporting documents. (if you have any) Notes: a. Documents that fail to meet the above requirements will be rejected; b. Please provide documents 2-10 in scanned copy and upload to the online application system of XJTU; c. Documents other than Chinese or English are required tobetranslated andnotarized; d. During the review process, the school may require students to submit other materials if needed. e. Applicants for the Environmental Design program must possess a strong foundation in fine arts. During the interview, applicants are required to present a portfolio of their independently completed work, which must include sketches and/or color works. IV. Application, Admission, and Registration 1. Take the China Scholastic Competency Assessment（CSCA） Applicants are required to take the "CSCA Test" organized by the China Scholarship Council on behalf of the Ministry of Education of China and obtain the score report. Applicants can visit the official CSCA website (www.csca.cn) for specific test dates and content. For specific test subjects required by XJTU, please refer to https://sie.xjtu.edu.cn/en/Programs/Degree_Program/Bachelor_Program.htm 2. Online Application. Log in online application system of School of International Education to upload the scanned copy of all the required documents; Application system: http://isso.xjtu.edu.cn/recruit/login 3. Pay the application fee to complete your application The university will send an application fee payment notice for application through system information/email to those who pass the initial review. Application is completed only when the applicant pay fully the application fee within the required time. The registration fee is non-refundable. 4. Admission Admission will be granted to the most qualified applicants based on their academic records, language proficiency, CSCA results, and performance in the comprehensive interview. Applicants should pay close attention to the application system and registered email; and follow up the latest information for the academic review, pre-admission, tuition payment and acceptance information, etc. 5. Registration Admitted students should strictly follow the instructions of the admission documents to register. Registration will take place in early September 2026. The exact date will be specified in the admission letter. At the time of registration, the school will make a qualification review to re-evaluate the eligibility of the student. As part of the qualification review, the school will recheck all the documents and personal information of the student, including the identity information, original graduation certificates, and language proficiency certificates etc. The school will also check the behavior of the student to ensure that they are a law-abiding citizen and have maintained good moral conduct before the registration period. Those who fail to pass this qualification review will be disqualified from admission. V. Fee Standard 1. Tuition fee (RMB/Year) Chinese-taught Program Science & Engineering Business\Economics\Humanities Arts 22,000 20,000 40,000 English-taught Program Electrical Engineering & Automation Intelligent Manufacturing Engineering Energy and Power Engineering Materials Science and Engineering Medicine 180,000 40,000 2. Accommodation fee Accommodation for international students is divided into three campuses: Xingqing, Yanta, andiHarbour,Accommodation will beuniformly arranged by theuniversity according to the current policy annually. Students are required to book rooms online. The accommodation fee varies from RMB 8000 to 19000 every year. For more information: http://sie.xjtu.edu.cn/ 3. Application fee Self-sponsored program: RMB 500 Scholarship program: RMB 800 * The application fee is non-refundable regardless of admission results. VI. Scholarships: 1. Chinese Government Scholarship Please visit the website of www.csc.edu.cn for more detailed informationApplicantscanapply through dispatching authorities for overseas study of their home countries. When filling the application form, applicantsneed tofill in "Xi'an Jiaotong University" as the first priority institution. 2. International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Applicantsneed to apply through the International Chinese Language Teachers ScholarshipApplication System. For detailed information, please visit the website of the Center for Language Education and Cooperation of the Chinese Ministry of Education: www.chinese.cn. 3. XJTU International Undergraduate Freshman Scholarship The Scholarship supports candidates who apply for and are admitted to non-medical undergraduate programs at XJTU. Applicants can submit their applications directly through the XJTU International Student Online Application System. The scholarshipcoverage is as follows: Highest Honor Scholarship (100% tuition waiver), First Class Scholarship (75% tuition waiver), Second Class Scholarship (50% tuition waiver), Third Class Scholarship (25% tuition waiver), Merit Scholarship (10% tuition waiver). The scholarship covers the first year of undergraduate study. The following academic year shall be comprehensively evaluated according to the student's academic performance in the university. 4. Xi'an City Government Belt and Road Scholarship Applicants should submit their applications through the Xi'an Jiaotong University International Student Application System. The scholarship applies to the first year of the degree program. The following academic year shall be comprehensively evaluated according to the student's academic performance in the university. For specific details, please pay attention to relevant notifications. 5. Shaanxi Sanqin International Student Scholarship, XJTU International Student Commendation Award Shaanxi Sanqin International Student Scholarship and XJTU International Student Commendation Award are one-time awards. It supports on-campus self-funded international students. Self-funded students can pay attention to relevant notices from the university after enrollment and submit their application materials as required. VII. Contact Information: Admission Office, School of International Education A907/ A909 Yi Fu Foreign Language Building Xi'an Jiaotong University, No. 28 Xianning West Road, Xian City Shaanxi Province, 710049, P.R. China Email: adm-sie@xjtu.edu.cn mbbs-adm@xjtu.edu.cn Application system: http://isso.xjtu.edu.cn/recruit/login School website:http://sie.xjtu.edu.cn/ University website: http://en.xjtu.edu.cn/ Facebook:@studyatXJTU Instagram:@studyatxjtu YouTube:@International Admission Office-XJTU VIII. Programs List English-Taught Programs School/Center Program Teaching Language Duration Type of degree awarded Health Science Center MBBS English 6 years Bachelor of Medicine School of Electrical Engineering Electrical Engineering & Automation English 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School of Mechanical Engineering Intelligent Manufacturing Engineering English 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School of Energy and Power Engineering Energy and Power Engineering English 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School ofMaterials Science and Engineering Materials Science and Engineering English 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Chinese-Taught Programs School/Faculty Program Teaching Language Duration T y pe of degree awarded School of International Education « Chinese Language（Business Chinese) Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Arts School ofMaterials Science and Engineering Materials Science and Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School of Electrical Engineering «Electrical Engineering & Automation Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Energy Internet Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Faculty of Electronic and Information Engineering Electronic Science and Technology Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering «Computer Science and Technology Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Software Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School of Law Law Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Law School of Public Policy and Administration «Public Administration Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Management School of Management «Big Data Management and Application Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Management «Business Administration Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Management School of Chemistry Chemistry Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Science Applied Chemistry Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Science School of Mechanical Engineering «Mechanical Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School of Finance and Economics «International Economics and Trade Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Economics Trade Economics Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Economics Electronic Business Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Economics Economics Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Economics Finance Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Economics Public Finance Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Economics School of Energy and Power Engineering «New Energy Science and Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor ofEngineering Energy and Power Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor ofEngineering Environmental Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor ofEngineering Nuclear Engineering and Technology Chinese 4 years Bachelor ofEngineering Energy Storage Science and Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor ofEngineering School of Human Settlements and Civil Engineering Science and Technology of Human Settlements (Big Data & Smart City) Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Science and Technology of Human Settlements (Structure & Geotechnique Engineering) Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Science and Technology of Human Settlements (Built Environment and Energy) Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Science and Technology of Human Settlements (Earth & Environment Sciences) Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School of Humanities and Social Science Philosophy Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Philosophy Sociology Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Law Chinese Language and Literature Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Arts Environmental Design Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Fine Arts Calligraphy Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Fine Arts School of Life Science and Technology Biomedical Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Biotechnology Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Science School of Foreign Studies English Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Arts Japanese Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Arts French Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Arts School of Journalism and New Media «Network and New Media Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Arts School of Chemical Engineering and Technology Chemical Engineering and Technology Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Process Equipment and Control Engineering Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering School of Instrument Science and Technology Measurement and Control Technology and Instrument Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Measurement and Control Technology and Instrument (Intelligent Sensing Engineering) Chinese 4 years Bachelor of Engineering Note:«is the recommended program Last article:Admission Brochure | Xi'an Jiaotong University International Undergraduate Programs... Next article:XI'AN JIAOTONG UNIVERSITY ENGLISH-TAUGHT PROGRAMS FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS-Colleg... No.28, Xianning West Road, Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710049, P.R. China TEL: 0086-29-82668063; 0086-29-82665924