Skip to content London School of Economics and Political Science Search Menu Study at LSE Toggle navigation Undergraduate Graduate Executive Education Study Abroad Summer School Global and Online Degrees International students Meet, visit and discover LSE Trending at LSE Find a programme or course How to apply to undergraduate programmes How to apply to graduate programmes Public events at LSE Welcome information for new students Apply Study at LSE Undergraduate Graduate Executive Education Executive master's degrees Online courses Global and Online Degrees Summer School Study abroad Student life Accommodation Research Discover our research Find LSE experts LSE Blogs LSE iQ Podcast Research for the World online magazine LSE Press Research centres Departments & institutes Future proof: sustainability research Engagement and impact support for LSE researchers Coffee break research talks News & events Latest news Upcoming events Films & podcasts Media queries About LSE LSE Legal Advice Centre An introduction Our Campaign Our strategy LSE leadership Departments & institutes Divisions Library Global partners Term dates Contact us Quick links for Current students Find support for students at LSE Paying fees Staff Jobs at LSE Alumni & friends Business & employers Careers service Tackling Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Close Search Go Study at LSE Undergraduate Prospective students How to apply How to apply LSE receives all applications via UCAS. We do not consider applications made directly to the School. Before you apply you should read the information and guidance on these pages and on the degree programme pages . You should read through our information on your consumer rights as a student before making your application. 2027 entry Applications for undergraduate study should be made online via UCAS . Applicants should contact UCAS for any technical questions about the application process or for guidance on the UCAS procedures. UCAS opened for applications for entry (starting in September 2027) in September 2026. The last date for the receipt of applications to LSE to qualify for full and equal consideration is 13 January 2027, 18.00 (GMT). Please note - LSE does not participate in UCAS Extra or Clearing. If you are looking for programmes to study in UCAS Extra or Clearing, we would advise you to check the UCAS website . A section by section guide to completing the application form, including advice on writing your personal statement and information for teachers/referees, is given on the Completing the Application Form page. 2028 entry (deferred) Applications for deferred entry should be made online via UCAS . Applicants should contact UCAS for any technical questions about the application process or for guidance on the UCAS procedures. UCAS opened for applications for deferred entry (starting in September 2028) in September 2026. The last date for the receipt of applications to LSE to qualify for full and equal consideration is 13 January 2026, 18.00 (GMT). A section by section guide to completing the application form, including advice on writing your personal statement and information for teachers/referees, is given on the Completing the Application Form page. International applicants The UCAS application procedure allows international students to apply at any time between September and 30 June. However, given the competition for places at LSE, ALL applicants are strongly advised to submit their applications to UCAS by 13 January 2027 (for 2027 and deferred 2028 entry) . We will only consider applications submitted after the UCAS deadline if there are places still available on the relevant degree programme. It is rare that places are available on our programmes after the UCAS deadline. All applicants, including international applicants, are therefore strongly advised to apply by the January UCAS deadline. The last date for the receipt of applications to LSE to qualify for full and equal consideration is 13 January 2027, 18.00 (GMT). Please note - LSE does not usually participate in UCAS Extra or Clearing. Visit our Virtual Undergraduate Open Day pages to access more information for prospective undergraduate students. Assessing your application Applications are considered by Academic Selectors, who are responsible for decision-making. Applicants are expected to ensure that their UCAS application is complete before submitting it to the School. We reserve the right to ask applicants to provide further information relating to any aspect of their application in order to make a final decision. For example, information concerning entry qualifications, fee status or criminal convictions. If additional information is not provided when requested there may be a delay in the consideration of your application. You are asked to contact Undergraduate Admissions should the details or circumstances of your application change in any way, for instance, if you decide to change the A level or equivalent subjects you stated on your UCAS form. Similarly, if there are any extenuating circumstances which have an impact on your course of study eg, illness, family circumstances or disruption to the delivery of your course at school, you should contact the Undergraduate Admissions team with the relevant details. Please note: As stated in our admissions policy , the responsibility for providing accurate information regarding qualifications (grades and/or levels) and other details in relation to their application lies with the applicant and their place(s) of education. The School cannot accept responsibility or compensate for incorrect information submitted through UCAS by the applicant, unless it is advised of such errors before it has made its decision. We do not interview applicants for any of our programmes at LSE. It is not possible for applicants to request an interview with the Admissions Selector. Second year entry Direct entry to the second year of a programme at LSE on the basis of first year undergraduate study at another university is extremely rare, and is only permitted in exceptional circumstances. Third year entry is not permitted under any circumstances. In order to be eligible for consideration, applicants applying for second year must meet the following requirements Meet the original first year entry requirements for the programme (eg A level or IB requirements) Achieve the equivalent of a 2:1 in your first year studies Your current first year studies must be the same as the first year at LSE (you must provide a copy of your transcript) There must be spaces available in the second year of the programme Students currently enrolled at another university wishing to gain admission to LSE in the second year should apply via UCAS, and should do so by the UCAS January deadline. Please ensure you select '2' as your point of entry when applying. Due to the intense level of competition for places at LSE, we are unable to guarantee entry, even where applicants have met all of our requirements. The following departments will consider second year entry. Unfortunately, all other departments are unable to consider second year entry. Anthropology (excluding BA Anthropology and Law) Geography and Environment Government (excluding BSc Politics and International Relations) Social Policy (BSc International Social and Public Policy only) Sociology Statistics Please note - the Accounting, Economics, and Mathematics departments do consider second year entry for applicants who have studied on the University of London International Programme . It is recommended that you contact Undergraduate Admissions for advice on specific programme requirements before applying. Education Agents and Consultants LSE does not engage education agents or consultants to recruit undergraduate students on its behalf. The School's Student Marketing and Recruitment team provide free and comprehensive support to all prospective students, their families and their teachers or advisors. This support includes advice on subject selection at school, the study opportunities available at LSE, the UCAS application process and the personal statement, and living and studying in London. LSE discourages prospective undergraduate students and their families or advisors from using education agents and/or consultants to assist with applications for study at the School. Share Email a link to this page Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Virtual Undergraduate Open Day videos Watch sessions delivered by academic departments, LSE students and support services LSE Discovery Sessions Attend a virtual information and Q&A session to find out more about undergraduate study at LSE Entry requirements Accepted qualifications and the grades we're looking for Making an application How to complete the UCAS form, and required documents Admissions calendar Important dates in the admissions process Admissions policy Read more about our policy, including on data protection Mature applicants Information for applicants over 21 London School of Economics and Political Science Houghton Street London WC2A 2AE UK LSE is a private company limited by guarantee, registration number 70527. +44 (0)20 7405 7686 Campus map Contact us Cookie settings Cookie policy Report a page Accessibility Statement Terms of use Privacy policy Modern Slavery Statement FaceBook Flickr Instagram LinkedIn SoundCloud Twitter You Tube © LSE 2026