Skip to main content Current students Staff Alumni & friends Study Study at LSE Undergraduate study Graduate study Global and Online Degrees Executive Education Online courses Executive Master's Degrees LSE Summer School Study abroad Meet, visit and discover LSE Trending Find a programme or course Information for international students Undergraduate degree fees and funding The 10 most in-demand tech careers of 2026 Campus tour video Centre for Language Studies Research Research at LSE Find LSE experts Business & employers LSE Blogs LSE iQ Podcast Research for the World online magazine LSE Press: publishing the social sciences Research centres Departments & institutes Engagement and impact support for LSE researchers Trending Future proof: sustainable responses to global challenges Are smart technologies the key to a clean energy future? Recommended reading on sustainable economics Should we still care about net zero? | Award-winning LSE iQ Podcast LSE iQ podcast The hidden health crisis behind climate change | LSE Future Proof Research Student life Student life at LSE Accommodation LSE Library Careers service PhD Academy LSE Generate Centre for Language Studies Volunteer Centre LSE LIFE Trending Students at LSE Blog Get the Student Hub app Find support at LSE Paying fees Living in London Welcome to LSE News & events LSE News Media queries Public events at LSE Lunchtime Concerts LSE Research Showcase Trending The road to COP32: an African agenda for climate action and economic development Every last girl: a journey to educate India's forgotten daughters Rory Stewart appointed Professor in Practice in the Department of International Relations News Global hunger is an early-warning signal for instability and should shape UK security planning states new report News About LSE About LSE LSE leadership Departments & institutes Professional service divisions Education and student experience Global partners Shaping the World Campaign Tackling harassment and sexual misconduct Trending Campus map Media queries Jobs Term dates Contact us LSE Library LSE Legal Advice Centre Search Menu Study Study at LSE Undergraduate study Graduate study Global and Online Degrees Executive Education Online courses Executive Master's Degrees LSE Summer School Study abroad Meet, visit and discover LSE Research Research at LSE Find LSE experts Business & employers LSE Blogs LSE iQ Podcast Research for the World online magazine LSE Press: publishing the social sciences Research centres Departments & institutes Engagement and impact support for LSE researchers Student life Student life at LSE Accommodation LSE Library Careers service PhD Academy LSE Generate Centre for Language Studies Volunteer Centre LSE LIFE News & events LSE News Media queries Public events at LSE Lunchtime Concerts LSE Research Showcase About LSE About LSE LSE leadership Departments & institutes Professional service divisions Education and student experience Global partners Shaping the World Campaign Tackling harassment and sexual misconduct Information for Current students Staff Alumni & friends Trending Find a programme or course How to apply to undergraduate programmes How to apply to postgraduate programmes Public events at LSE Welcome information for new students What are you looking for? Search Trending Find a programme or course How to apply to undergraduate programmes How to apply to postgraduate programmes Public events at LSE Welcome information for new students Study at LSE Tajikistan Overview Your application and our entry requirements Why study with us Fees and funding Careers Meet and visit LSE Register your interest Browse our programmes Welcome to the country page for Tajikistani prospective students, parents and carers. Overview LSE has a long history of welcoming students from Tajikistan. In 2025, we welcomed less than 10 students from Tajikistan at graduate level. LSE Discovery Sessions Join us at one of our online events to learn more about LSE and student life in London. Book your place Your application and our entry requirements Here you'll find details of our entry requirements for undergraduate and graduate programmes. Whether you're starting out on your university journey or exploring graduate options, we're here to guide you through the application process. Learn what we consider when we're reviewing applications and how we make our decisions. Undergraduate Graduate Undergraduate Assessing your undergraduate application At LSE, we want to recruit students with the best academic abilities, potential and motivation, irrespective of background. We carefully review every application, taking into account all the information you've provided on your UCAS form, including: academic achievements (predicted and achieved grades) subject combinations personal statement teacher's reference educational circumstances. Our entry requirements vary by programme. You'll find all the details on our undergraduate degree programme pages . We publish standard offers for applicants with qualifications such as GCE A-Levels and the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme (IB). We also consider applications from students with other UK qualifications, including BTECs, Foundation Courses and Access to HE Diplomas, and a wide range of international qualifications. Learn more about accepted qualifications . Equivalency of international qualifications to A-Levels Below, you'll see how your country's qualifications compare with GCE A-Levels. If your qualification is not listed, please contact our Undergraduate Admissions team , who can advise you further. Before you start your application, please read our How to apply page. You may need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency, although this is not needed when you first apply. See our English language requirements . Still have questions? Our knowledge base is the fastest way to get answers to all your questions. If you can't find what you're looking for, you can also contact our Undergraduate Admissions team via the knowledge base. Our entry requirements Undergraduate entry requirements for applicants from Tajikistan Tajikistan Certificate of Completed Secondary Education The Certificate of Completed Secondary Education isn't acceptable as an entry qualification for LSE. Please view information on other accepted international qualifications for alternative options. In terms of academic achievement, our entry requirements vary by programme. Graduate Assessing your graduate application We're looking for talented students who can show strong academic ability, potential and motivation, irrespective of background. We carefully review every application, taking into account all the information you've provided on your form, including: academic achievements (predicted and achieved grades) statement of academic purpose two references your CV. Entry requirements vary by programme. Please check the specific criteria listed on our graduate degree programme pages . We'd also recommend checking our supporting documents page to make sure you're providing the correct information and to avoid any delays in your application. Before you start your application, please read our How to apply page. Graduate entry requirements Below you'll find details of our general minimum requirements for applicants from your country. If your qualification is not listed, please get in touch with our Graduate Admissions team , who can help further. Bear in mind that these requirements are intended as a general guide. Some programmes have specific requirements for degree results and subject backgrounds. For many of our quantitative programmes, you'll need to submit a GRE or GMAT score . Learn more on our graduate degree programme pages . You may need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency, although this is not needed when you first apply. See our English language requirements . Still have questions? Our knowledge base is the fastest way to get answers to all your questions. If you can't find what you're looking for, you can also contact our Graduate Admissions team via the knowledge base. Our graduate taught entry requirements Graduate entry requirements for applicants from Tajikistan Taught master's programmes To be considered for admission to a taught master's programme, we'd normally require the magister/specialist diploma (after 1991) with an overall mark of 4/5 or good. Our graduate research entry requirements Graduate entry requirements for applicants from Tajikistan Research programmes (MRes/PhD) To be considered for admission to a MRes/PhD programme, we'd normally require the magister/specialist diploma (after 1991) with an overall mark of 4/5 or good. Research programmes (MPhil/PhD) To be considered for admission to a MPhil/PhD programme, we'd normally require a UK taught master's degree with an overall merit (at least 65 per cent) or its non-UK equivalent and a strong merit or its equivalent in the master's dissertation in a subject relevant to the proposed research. Competition for places Every year, we receive a large number of applications from talented students. So, competition for places at the School is high. Even if you're predicted or meet the minimum entry requirements, this does not guarantee you an offer of a place. Standard offer requirements are intended only as a guide and, in some cases, you'll be asked for different grades. However, please don't let this deter you from applying - we want to hear from all talented students with the right academic abilities and personal attributes. Think carefully about how you can put together the strongest possible application to help you stand out from other students. Why study with us Studying at LSE means joining an internationally renowned social sciences institution based in one of the world's most dynamic cities. LSE has a truly global community, with students from more than 140 countries, bringing diverse perspectives and insights. As a student at LSE, you'll be taught by world-leading academics whose research shapes public debate and policy globally. You'll learn how to think critically, push boundaries and grapple with the most pressing issues facing us today. Recognised worldwide, a degree from LSE can open the doors to a wide variety of interesting and rewarding careers. Our graduates go on to make a significant impact in top public, private and nonprofit organisations in the UK and internationally. So, whether you want to make your mark shaping public policy, driving impact through social ventures, or developing the next big startup, LSE offers you the perfect springboard. Why LSE Russell Group University of the Year and 2nd in the UK Times and The Sunday Times - Good University Guide 2027 1st in London for the 15th year running The Complete University Guide - University League Tables 2027 5th in the world for the study of social sciences and management QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 6th in the world for leading the way in social and environmental sustainability QS World University Rankings: Sustainability 2026 Fees and funding Fees Funding Fees All students pay tuition fees for programmes at LSE. Undergraduate students, research students and graduate taught and executive students on master's programmes pay a fee for each year of their programme. These fees cover the cost of all aspects of the academic experience, including registration, teaching, classes and individual supervision, examinations (first entry), use of the library and membership of the Students' Union. If your programme involves intercollegiate study at other parts of the University of London, your fees will also typically cover teaching and use of student common rooms there. Tuition fees do not cover living costs, travel or fieldwork. If you're offered a place, you'll receive confirmation of the relevant tuition fees in your offer letter. Fees are set each spring for the upcoming academic year. Full details are published in the Table of Fees . If you have any queries about fees and payments, please get in touch with the Fees, Income and Credit Control Office . Details of tuition fees for specific programmes Undergraduate tuition fees are listed on the undergraduate degree programme pages Graduate tuition fees are available on the corresponding graduate degree programme pages . Fee status The tuition fees you pay - and your eligibility for any financial support - will depend on whether you're classified as a home or overseas student (known as your fee status). We assess your fee status based on guidelines provided by the UK Government's Department for Education. Funding Scholarships, bursaries, loans and other funding opportunities We recognise that the cost of living in London may be higher than in your hometown, city or country. LSE provides generous financial support in the form of scholarships, bursaries, loans and other funding for UK and overseas students. Some support is also available from external sources, including the UK Government and certain overseas governments: Learn more about: funding opportunities for undergraduate students funding opportunities for graduate students. Careers Where could a degree from LSE take you? Our graduates go on to do incredible work in many different fields - including the finance world, government, education and the third sector. Head to LSE Careers to learn more about what our alumni do after graduating . Search by degree or department for insights on career destinations and salaries. Undergraduate Median salaries for our undergraduate students 15 months after graduating range from £30,000 to £62,500 *, depending on the subject studied. For a broader picture of graduate destinations, explore the aggregated Graduate Outcomes data for our graduates from 2018/19 to 2023/24 on the LSE Careers website . *Salary findings drawn from the 2018/19 to 2023/24 Graduate Outcomes Surveys, conducted by the Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA). Median salary average is based on respondents in full-time employment who were paid in UK pounds sterling. Median salary average is rounded to the nearest figures. Graduate Median salaries for our taught graduate students 15 months after graduating range from £30,000 to £65,000 *, depending on the subject studied. For a broader picture of graduate destinations, explore the aggregated Graduate Outcomes data for our graduates from 2018/19 to 2023/24 on the LSE Careers website . *Salary findings drawn from the 2018/19 to 2023/24 Graduate Outcomes Surveys, conducted by the Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA). Median salary average is based on respondents in full-time employment who were paid in UK pounds sterling. Median salary average is rounded to the nearest figures. Career support Whether you have a clear career in mind or you're still considering your options, LSE Careers is here to help you with: finding part-time work career planning enhancing your employability gaining work experience volunteering opportunities starting a business researching employers, sectors and roles tips and advice on CV writing/cover letter/applications improving your interview and assessment centre techniques. Our services are tailored to you. So, whether you're an undergraduate or graduate, UK or overseas student, a career changer or a seasoned executive, we can guide and advise you. The Careers team also offers bespoke services for students with disabilities and PhD students - with the support of dedicated careers consultants. Once you've registered on campus, you'll be able to book career events (such as fairs and seminars), and one-to-one appointments to discuss your career options and review any applications. Meet and visit LSE Discover more about being an LSE student. Experience LSE Contact us Experience LSE Get a taste of what it's like to study at LSE Chat with our Unibuddy students and follow our student bloggers and vloggers . They can give you first-hand insights into what it's like to study at LSE. Virtual events Not able to make an open day at LSE? Experience our Undergraduate Virtual Open Day and Graduate Virtual Open Events - involving our academic departments, current students and support service s. Join one of our regular online LSE Discovery Sessions . Ask any questions using our Live Chat service . In-person events internationally Meet with our Student Recruitment and Study Abroad team at various events across the world. Get details on our upcoming visits . Visiting London? Discover more about studying here at LSE by: taking a guided campus tour attending an undergraduate Open Day completing a self-guided tour attending a drop-in consultation session with our Student Recruitment and Study Abroad team. Contact us If you have any questions about applying to or studying at LSE, feel free to get in touch with LSE's Student Recruitment and Study Abroad team. They're here to help! Contact Student Recruitment and Study Abroad Register your interest Browse our programmes Connect with LSE LSE on X LSE on Facebook LSE on Instagram LSE on LinkedIn LSE on YouTube LSE on TikTok Study Study at LSE Undergraduate study Graduate study Global and Online Degrees Executive Education Online courses Executive Master's Degrees LSE Summer School Study abroad Research Research at LSE LSE Blogs Research for the World LSE Press LSE iQ Podcast Find LSE experts Research centres Future proof: sustainable responses to global challenges Student life Student life Accommodation LSE Library Careers service PhD Academy Entrepreneurial skills Centre for Language Studies Volunteer Centre LSE LIFE Students at LSE Blog Find support at LSE Harassment and misconduct information More Cookie settings About LSE Media queries Jobs Campus map Contact LSE Report a page Cookie policy Terms of use Privacy policy Accessibility Statement Modern Slavery Statement (PDF) The London School of Economics and Political Science Houghton Street London WC2A 2AE UK +44 (0)20 7405 7686 LSE is a private company limited by guarantee, registration number 70527 © LSE 2026 Study Study at LSE Undergraduate study Graduate study Global and Online Degrees Executive Education Online courses Executive Master's Degrees LSE Summer School Study abroad Research Research at LSE LSE Blogs Research for the World LSE Press LSE iQ Podcast Find LSE experts Research centres Future proof: sustainable responses to global challenges Student life Student life Accommodation LSE Library Careers service PhD Academy Entrepreneurial skills Centre for Language Studies Volunteer Centre LSE LIFE Students at LSE Blog Find support at LSE Harassment and misconduct information More Cookie settings About LSE Media queries Jobs Campus map Contact LSE Report a page Cookie policy Terms of use Privacy policy Accessibility Statement Modern Slavery Statement (PDF)