Skip to content London School of Economics and Political Science Search Menu Study at LSE Toggle navigation Undergraduate Graduate Executive Education Study Abroad Summer School Global and Online Degrees International students Meet, visit and discover LSE Trending at LSE Find a programme or course How to apply to undergraduate programmes How to apply to graduate programmes Public events at LSE Welcome information for new students Apply Study at LSE Undergraduate Graduate Executive Education Executive master's degrees Online courses Global and Online Degrees Summer School Study abroad Student life Accommodation Research Discover our research Find LSE experts LSE Blogs LSE iQ Podcast Research for the World online magazine LSE Press Research centres Departments & institutes Future proof: sustainability research Engagement and impact support for LSE researchers Coffee break research talks News & events Latest news Upcoming events Films & podcasts Media queries About LSE LSE Legal Advice Centre An introduction Our Campaign Our strategy LSE leadership Departments & institutes Divisions Library Global partners Term dates Contact us Quick links for Current students Find support for students at LSE Paying fees Staff Jobs at LSE Alumni & friends Business & employers Careers service Tackling Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Close Search Go Study at LSE Undergraduate Fees and funding Fees and funding Scholarships, bursaries, loans and tuition fees Each year, LSE awards generous financial support to its undergraduate students. In addition to LSE's own funds, students may be able to access scholarships and financial support from governments and agencies around the world. The scholarship has allowed me to feel financially stable, and broaden my horizons both academically and socially; I am able to purchase new books, buy into societies at LSE and go out and meet new people! Tuition fees Every undergraduate student is charged a fee each year of their programme. The tuition fee covers registration and examination fees payable to the School, lectures, classes and individual supervision, lectures given at other colleges under intercollegiate arrangements and, under current arrangements, membership of the Students' Union. It does not cover living costs or travel or fieldwork. Tuition fees are fixed each Spring for the following academic year only, and are published in the Table of Fees . All queries regarding your tuition fees and payment of tuition fees are dealt with by the LSE Fees Office . Fee status classification On receipt of your UCAS form the School carries out an assessment of your fee status determining the amount you are likely to pay at Registration. This decision is based on guidelines provided by the Department of Education: Education (Fees and Awards) Regulations 2007. Further information on fee status classification Living costs We estimate that you should allow for at least £1,550 per month for all living expenses, including accommodation, travel, food, laundry, study costs, and other personal expenses. This will vary depending on your lifestyle and requirements, so it's important you do your own research. Please note that if you will be applying for a visa, you will have to provide evidence of sufficient funds, and these amounts may vary. More details on living costs and making a budget . UK Government Student Finance Loans for tuition fees and maintenance support are available for eligible students from the UK government. Depending on your circumstances, you may also be eligible for additional financial support, such as the Disabled Students' Allowance, Childcare Grant, Parents' Learning Allocance and Adult Dependents Grant. For further information, and to apply, students should visit the website of the relevant funding authority for the nation they normally reside in: Student Finance England . For students starting their programme in 2027 and who receive funding from Student Finance England, this will now be awarded through your Lifelong Learning Entitlement (LLE) . Student Finance Northern Ireland Student Awards Agency for Scotland Student Finance Wales LSE financial support - students with Home fee status LSE Bursary The LSE Bursary is available for Home fee status LSE students and awarded according to household income. The LSE Discretionary Bursary is awarded based on exceptional financial circumstances. More information about LSE Bursaries . LSE scholarships Each year LSE awards a number of scholarships, funded by private donations. The number, value, eligibility criteria and type of scholarships vary from year to year. More information about LSE scholarships LSE Accommodation Bursary The LSE Accommodation Bursary is designed to encourage students from lower-income households to apply for accommodation in halls. Available for UK nationals, the value of the award will vary depending on the number of recipients and financial need. Care Experienced and Estranged Student Bursary LSE recognises that care experienced and estranged students may face challenges in accessing and studying in higher education. The Care Experienced and Estranged Student Bursary is available to provide additional financial support to eligible students. LSE financial support - students with Overseas fee status The School provides generous financial support, in the form of bursaries and scholarships to Overseas fee status students. Each year LSE awards a number of scholarships, funded by private donations. The number, value, eligibility criteria and type of scholarships vary from year to year. More information about LSE financial support for Overseas students . LSE Access to Education Scholarships LSE is offering LSE Access to Education Scholarships offers support for tuition fee and living costs for: asylum seekers refugees those with humanitarian protection those resident in the UK and granted Discretionary/Limited Leave to Remain in the UK LSE The General Course LSE's year long study abroad programme allows student from overseas universities to spend a full academic year at LSE. Known as The General Course it offers more than 300 available courses covering the full range of social science subjects. More information about the fees and the funding available for this one year undergraduate programme can be found here . Share Email a link to this page Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn How to apply The application process, UCAS and when to apply How to apply for LSE undergraduate scholarships Watch our student vlog by scholarship recipient Cici Uggla Family Scholars Programme Up to ten scholarships available for UK and Overseas students How to apply The application process, UCAS and when to apply Undergraduate fees and funding Details on available scholarships, bursaries, loans and tuition fees Graduate fees and funding Details on available scholarships, bursaries, loans and tuition fees Contact us Get in touch with the Financial Support Office Meet, visit and discover LSE Webinars, videos, on campus events and visits around the world London School of Economics and Political Science Houghton Street London WC2A 2AE UK LSE is a private company limited by guarantee, registration number 70527. +44 (0)20 7405 7686 Campus map Contact us Cookie settings Cookie policy Report a page Accessibility Statement Terms of use Privacy policy Modern Slavery Statement FaceBook Flickr Instagram LinkedIn SoundCloud Twitter You Tube © LSE 2026