PEARL Keio University Faculty of Economics Keio University Admissions Cente r Program in Economics for Alliances, Research, and Leadershi p Application Guidebook for September 2027 Entry 2 Table of Contents 1. Basic Overview ……………………………………………… 3 2. Important Notes on Applications ……………………… 4 3. Application and Enrollment Process ………………… 5 Step 1: Check Your Eligibility ……………………………… 6 Step 2: Prepare the Application Materials ……………… 7 Step 3: Apply ……………………………………………………… 18 Step 4: Confirm Your Examinee Number on TAO …… 19 Step 5: Review Your Screening Results ………………… 19 Step 6: Carry Out the Procedures for Enrollment Registration … 20 4. Appendix ………………………………………………………… 22 5. Contact…………………………………………………………… 24 PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 3 1. Basic Overview (1) Date of Entrance September 22, 2027 (2) Degree Offered Bachelor of Arts in Economics (3) Year of Entry The 1st year of undergraduate-level university *The Faculty of Economics does not accept transfer students. (4) Duration of Study 4 years *Students who have satisfied prescribed condi tions may be allowed to graduate in 3.5 years. (5) Language of Instruction English (6) Application Schedule There are three application periods: Application Period Announcement of Results I 10:00 a.m. on October 21, 2026 - 3:00 p.m. on December 2, 2026 (JST) 10:00 a.m. on January 25, 2027 (JST) II 10:00 a.m. on December 4, 2026 - 3:00 p.m. on January 27, 2027 (JST) 10:00 a.m. on March 4, 2027 (JST) III 10:00 a.m. on February 24, 2027 - 3:00 p.m. on April 7, 2027 (JST) 10:00 a.m. on May 24, 2027 (JST) Note: Applicants who are not successful in one application period can reapply in subsequent application periods. (7) Admission quota Approximately 100 students through all three application periods (8) Selection Method Based solely on an evaluation of submitted materials. No interview is required. *Applications to the PEARL should be made in English. (9) Application Method The application process is to be completed via the online application system, "The Admissions Office" (hereafter, "TAO"). https://admissions-office.net/en/portal PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 4 2. Important Notes on Applications (1) Under no circumstances can we accept incomplete applications, late applications, or applications that are not accompan ied by full payment of the prescribed application fee by the corresponding deadline. Furthermore, supplemental application materials will not be accepted after the end of the application period except when special permission has been granted. Therefore, you should make sure you have prepared all the required documentation before submitting your application. (2) Keio University will not notify you of your application status. This includes notifying you about any parts of the application that are missing or incomplete. It is your own responsibility to complete your application by the given deadline. (3) The following measures will be taken in the event that information provided in the application or for the individual eligibility review is discovered to be incorrect or fraudulent, regardless of the reason: A. While the applicant is in the application or screening process The applicant will be deemed to be ineligible for the PEARL, and the application fee they have paid will not be refunded. B. After the applicant has been accepted for enrollment The applicant's acceptance for enroll ment will be revoked, and the application fee they have paid will not be refunded. The required academic fees and expenses that have already been paid will be refunded. C. After the applicant has enrolled in the PEARL The student will be expelled from th e PEARL, and neither the application fee nor the required academic fees and expenses paid will be refunded. In any of the above cases, the results of all admissions taken by the applicant at Keio University during the same year may be rendered invalid. In addition, the applicant may be prohibited from reapplying to PEARL or from participating in any other admissions at Keio University during that year. (4) Your first, last, and middle names (if any) entered on TAO must exactly match what is written in your passport. If your name is not written consistently across all of your required application documents, make sure to contact the Keio University Admissions Center by e-mail with an explanation of the discrepancy. (5) Queries concerning individual eligibility review and the screening results will not be accepted. (6) Application materials will not be returned under any circumstances. (7) If you are an applicant whose status is "expected graduation from high school," you are required to graduate from high school by September 21, 2027. If you fail to do so, your enrollment will be canceled even if you have been admitted. (8) If you are an applicant whose status is "expected IB diploma recipient," an IB diploma must have been awarded to you by September 21, 2027. Where this is not the case, your enrollment will be canceled even if you have been admitted. (9) URLs included in submitted application documents will NOT be considered for your application. PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 5 (10) You must not use generative AI tools to produce any of the application materials, including the brief self-introduction, Written Statement of Academic and Future Goals, and the two-minute video. Using AI-generated materials in your application will be regarded as a form of academic misconduct. (11) Unless otherwise noted, all tim es and dates indicated in the admissions procedures for the PEARL website as well as TAO are in Japan Standard Time (JST, UTC+09). (12) In unforeseen circumstances, the Faculty of Economics may change the schedule for admissions. In principle, Keio University does not bear responsibility for any inconvenience, cost, or any kind of loss caused to applicants as a result of this rescheduling. The following university website will be used to provide information and supplemental communication pertaining to the above, so applicants are advised to check it regularly: https://www.keio.ac.jp/en/admissions/faculty/examinations/pearl/ 3. Application and Enrollment Process STEP 1: Check Your Eligibility Before proceeding with your admissions pr ocedures, check your eligibility for the PEARL by reading the Eligibility Requirements section (page 6). STEP 2: Prepare the Application Materials Check the required materials in the Application Materials section (page 7). STEP 3: Apply Complete your application by filling out all the sections, submitting all the required materials, and paying the application fee, and click "Complete my application" button on TAO (page 18). If you do not click the "Complete My Application" button during the application period, your application will be considered incomplete and will not be reviewed, even if all sections are filled out, all materials are submitted, and the application fee is paid. STEP 4: Confirm Your Examinee Number on TAO Receiving an examinee number indicates th at your application has been officially accepted and is now under review. To find your examinee number, log in to TAO, click "Applications" on the top menu bar, select the relevant application, and then click "View my screening results." STEP 5: Review Your Screening Results Check your screening results on TAO using the same process described above for confirming your examinee number. STEP 6: Carry Out the Procedures for Enrollment Registration Complete the procedures for enrollment registration by following the instructions provided to successful applicants. *All successful applicants are required to arrange for their high school to send the original high school graduation certificate and final academic transcripts directly to the University by post. Applicants who provided IBDP predicted grades as standardized test scores during the application process are also required to submit their official final IBDP results. PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 6 To be eligible to apply for the PEARL, you must meet at least one of the following requirements. (1) Those who, by September 21, 2027, have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years of formal education in Japanese schools accredited by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT). Not all 12 years have to be spent at those schools. (2) Those who, by September 21, 2027, have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years or more of formal education at foreign schools outside Japan or online, recognized by the government of a countr y, region, state, province, or city, or accredited by an international accrediting organization (WASC, CIS, ACSI, NEASC, Cognia, or COBIS). Not all 12 years have to be spent at those schools. (3) Those who, by September 21, 2027, have completed, or are expected to complete, 11 years or more of formal education in which the school curriculum is based on the system of Belarus, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Peru, Russia, Sudan, Ukraine, or Uzbekistan. Not all 11 years have to be spent at those schools. (4) Those who, by September 21, 2027, have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years or more of formal education at schools for international students in Japan accredited by an international accrediting organization (WASC, CIS, ACSI, NEASC, Cognia, or COBIS), or foreign schools in Japan accredited by MEXT to be equivalent to a high school outside of Japan. Not all 12 years have to be spent at those schools. (5) Those who have passed an examin ation demonstrating academic ability equivalent to 12 years of formal education, such as the GED (General Educational Development) test or another high school equivalency exam (Upper Secondary School Equivalency Examination [高等学校卒業程度認定試験]), and will be 18 years of age or above by September 21, 2027. (6) [For those who do not satisfy the above requirements (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5)] Those who possess, or are expected to possess, an International Baccalaureate, Abitur, Baccalaureate, GCE A level, International A level, or European Baccalaureate by September 21, 2027. Note that it is still mandatory for all applicants to submit their IBDP or SAT scores. Abitur, Baccalaureate, GCE A level, International A level, European Baccalaureate, etc., are no t accepted as the standardized test scores required for applying. For details on the standardized tests, please refer to page 9. (7) Those who have been recognized indivi dually by Keio University as having qualifications equivalent to (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), or (6) above, and will be 18 years of age or above by September 21, 2027. Step 1: Check Your Eligibility PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 7 *Your age does not affect your eligibility status to apply to the PEARL, provided you meet the requirements (1), (2), (3), (4), or (6). **If you have completed, or are expected to complete, a 12-year (or an 11-year, if applying under requirement (3)) school cu rriculum in less than the standard duration because of appropriate reas ons (e.g., skipping grades or early graduation), you will be regarded as having met the requirements (1), (2), (3), or (4). ***If you wish to be considered under requirement (7), you should contact the Admissions Center at least one month before the start of the application period in order to confirm details such as required documents and the application period for individual screening. Keio University will then determine whether you are eligible to apply under item (7). Notes ・ Applying for the PEARL does not affect an individual's eligibility status to apply for other entry exams (General Entrance Examination [ 一般選抜], Admissions for Returnee Students [帰国生入試], and Admissions for International Students [留学生入試]) offered by the Faculty of Economics. ・ Individuals who have applied for ot her entry exams (General Entrance Examination [ 一般選抜 ], Admissions for Returnee Students [ 帰国生入試], or Admissions for International Students [ 留学生入試]) offered by the Faculty of Economics can still apply to the PEARL provided they meet the eligibility requirements. Below is a list of materials that all applicants are required to submit. Only application materials received during each of the specified application periods will be accepted for screening. Upon reviewing your application materials, the Admissions Center may contact you to clarify information in your application. Make sure to check your e-mail frequently. Step 2: Prepare the Application Materials PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 8 Item How to submit Format Who may submit (1) Academic Background and Brief Self Introduction Online － Applicant (2) Standardized Test Scores IB Official Score Final Electronic Score Report － Testing agency Predicted Online PDF High school Score Input Online － Applicant Proof of Order（*） PDF PDF Copy of your score report（*） SAT Official Score Electronic Score Report － Testing agency Score Input Online － Applicant Proof of Order PDF Copy of your score report PDF (3) TOEFL iBT ® and/or IELTS Academic Module Scores Official Score Electronic Score Report － Testing agency Score Input Online － Applicant Proof of Order PDF Copy of your score report PDF (4) Written Statement of the Applicant's Academic and Future Goals Online － Applicant (5) Two-minute Video Online mp4 Applicant (6) Letter(s) of Reference Online － Recommender whose e-mail address is registered by the applicant (7) High School Graduation Certificate (or a document certifying expected graduation) Online PDF High school (8) High School Academic Transcripts Online PDF High school (9) Document Confirming Applicant's Identity Online PDF Applicant (10) Applicant's Photo Online JPEG Applicant (11) Other materials (Optional) Online PDF Applicant （*）IB diploma holder only 8 Item How to submit Format Who may submit (1) Academic Background and Brief Self Introduction Online － Applicant (2) Standardized Test Scores IB Official Score Final Electronic Score Report － Testing agency Predicted Online PDF High school Score Input Online － Applicant Proof of Order（*） PDF PDF Copy of your score report（*） SAT Official Score Electronic Score Report － Testing agency Score Input Online － Applicant Proof of Order PDF Copy of your score report PDF (3) TOEFL iBT ® and/or IELTS Academic Module Scores Official Score Electronic Score Report － Testing agency Score Input Online － Applicant Proof of Order PDF Copy of your score report PDF (4) Written Statement of the Applicant's Academic and Future Goals Online － Applicant (5) Two-minute Video Online mp4 Applicant (6) Letter(s) of Reference Online － Recommender whose e-mail address is registered by the applicant (7) High School Graduation Certificate (or a document certifying expected graduation) Online PDF High school (8) High School Academic Transcripts Online PDF High school (9) Document Confirming Applicant's Identity Online PDF Applicant (10) Applicant's Photo Online JPEG Applicant (11) Other materials (Optional) Online PDF Applicant （*）IB diploma holder only PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 9 ・ You must complete the designated form on TAO with your academic background (in chronological order, from elementary school to the present) and brief self introduction (including your achievements, experiences, hobbies, skills, interests, etc). ・ The length of the brief self introduction should be up to 250 words. ・ All applicants are required to submit one (or more) of the following: a. International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma final scores or predicted grades b. SAT scores ・ No other test scores, qualifications, diplomas, or certificates are accepted in lieu of IB or SAT scores. ・ There are no "cut-off" IB or SAT scores. ・ SAT superscores are not accepted. ・ Only the scores obtained on or after October 1, 2023 will be accepted for screening. ・ New scores will not be accepted after the application deadline. ・ There are no subject or subject level requirements for IB scores/grades. Your IB scores/grades are acceptable as long as you are an IB Diploma candidate or an IB Diploma holder. 【Notes for applicants who reapply】 If you apply multiple times, you will be required to submit all items online each time. Only the following documents are reusable for the same year of entry: - Letter of reference(s) - Documents uploaded by your high school only if they have not changed since the last submission *To have the documents above reused , check the "Reuse the document submitted for a previous applicatio n" box when you register your recommender/uploader. - IB, SAT, TOEFL®, or IELTS scores sent from the testing agency *If you wish to reuse scores previously submitted with an earlier application, and they remain valid for the current application period, they do not need to be resent by the testing agency. No te, however, that even if you reuse the scores, the proof of order as well as the copy of your score report must be submitted each time an application is made. For details on how the test scores should be submitted, please see (2) below. (1) Academic Background and Brief Self Introduction (in English) (2) Standardized Test Scores PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 10 ・ Those who take the IBDP examination in November 2026 may submit IB predicted grades for application period I but not for application periods II and III. Those who take the IBDP examination in May 2027 may submit IB predicted grades for all three application periods. ・ Scores of both the paper-and-pencil SAT and the digital SAT are equally valid. How should the scores be submitted? < IB predicted grades > You must do both of the following: 1. Input your scores on TAO. 2. Request an original document indicating your latest IB predicted grades to be submitted by your high school. ・ First, you need to register an e-mail address of a person who is able to submit the grades (hereafter, "the uploader") on TAO. We strongly recommend that you allow plenty of time before the deadline to do so. ・ After registering the e-mail address, an e-mail with a link to access TAO will be sent to the uploader. ・ The uploader submits the grades on TAO as a PDF file by following the onscreen instructions. < IB final scores or SAT scores > Your official test scores must be transmitted electronically (*1) from the testing agency(*2) to Keio University, and must reach us no later than the application deadline. In order to allow time for official test scores to reach us before the deadline, you should or der your scores to be transmitted as early as possible, as it can take several weeks for the testing agency to send the official test scores. If official test scores do not reach Ke io University before the application deadline (even if you ordered your scores to arrive in advance) screening may proceed based on 3 and 4 below (a screenshot and the scores downloaded by the applicant). We will, however, check those scores against the scores provided by the testing agency for accuracy once they reach us, and if any incorrect or fraudulent information is discovered, the application will be treated according to paragraph 3 of the Important Notes on Applications section (page 4). Note that we will not be able to re spond to queries concerning receipt of your official test scores. *1 Paper copies of official test scores are not acceptable. *2 The testing agency refers to the IB for IB final scores, the CB for SAT scores. You must do all four of the following: 1. Input your scores on TAO. 2. Have the testing agency transmit the official transcript of grades for the IBDP or the SAT Official Score Report direct ly to the Keio University Admissions Center. Make a request for IB score transmitting to Keio University by placing a request through rrs.ibo.org. Keio Uni versity's institution code for SAT is 0773. 3. Submit a screenshot of the testing age ncy's website or an e-mail from the testing agency which clearly shows that you have arranged to have your IB or PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 11 SAT scores transmitted directly by the t esting agency to the Keio University Admissions Center. It must be uploaded on TAO as a PDF file. 4. Submit your IB or SAT scores downlo aded or captured from the testing agency's website. They must be uploaded on TAO as a PDF file. ・ All applicants, including native English speakers, are required to submit TOEFL iBT® and/or IELTS Academic Module Scores. We use these as part of our assessment of candidates' proficiency in university-level academic English. ・ There are no "cut-off" TOEFL® or IELTS scores. ・ Only scores obtained on or after the dates listed below will be accepted: Application Period I: January 1, 2025 Application Period II: February 1, 2025 Application Period III: May 1, 2025 ・ New scores will not be accepted after the application deadline. ・ Results of TOEFL iBT® Home Edition and IELTS Online are NOT accepted. ・ Superscores, including TOEFL "MyBest™ scores", are not accepted. ・ IELTS One Skill Retake is not accepted. ・ Scores from both the old (0-120) and new (1-6) TOEFL iBT® scoring scales are equally valid. How should the scores be submitted? Your official test scores must be transmitted electronically (*1) from the testing agency(*2) to Keio University, and must reach us no later than the application deadline. In order to allow time for official test scores to reach us before the deadline, you should or der your scores to be transmitted as early as possible, as it can take several weeks for the testing agency to send the official test scores. If official test scores do not reach Ke io University before the application deadline (even if you ordered your scores to arrive in advance) screening may proceed based on 3 and 4 below (a screenshot and the scores downloaded by the applicant). We will, however, check those scores against the scores provided by the testing agency for accuracy once they reach us, and if any incorrect or fraudulent information is discovered, the application will be treated according to paragraph 3 of the Important Notes on Applications section (page 4). Note that we will not be able to re spond to queries concerning receipt of your official test scores. *1 Paper copies of official test scores are not acceptable. *2 The testing agency refers to the ETS for TOEFL ® scores, British Council and IDP for IELTS scores. You must do all four of the following: 1. Input your scores on TAO. 2. ＜TOEFL®＞ Have the testing agency transmit your TOEFL® score directly to Keio University using institution code 0773. (3) TOEFL iBT ® and/or IELTS Academic Module Scores PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 12 ＜IELTS＞ Have the testing agency transmit your IELTS score directly to Keio University using the information below: - Institution: Keio University - Department: Admissions Center - Address: Admissions Center, Keio University, 2-15-45 Mita, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8345, Japan - Delivery Method: Electronic Score Delivery 3. Submit a screenshot of the testing agency's website or an e-mail from the testing agency which clearly shows that you have arranged to have your TOEFL ® or IELTS scores transmitted directly by the testing agency to the Keio University Admissions Center. It must be uploaded on TAO as a PDF file. 4. Submit your TOEFL® or IELTS scores downloaded or captured from the testing agency's website. They must be uploaded on TAO as a PDF file. ・ In the designated form on TAO, expl ain why you are applying to PEARL in relation to your academic and future goals. ・ Be sure to put your name and a title in the specified boxes. ・ The limit is 600 words excluding your name and the title. Prepare and upload a video in which you talk to the camera for no longer than two minutes. The video does not need to be elaborately produced and its production quality will not be evaluated. This is an alternative to an interview. We would like you to talk simply about the following three components: (a) a brief self-introduction; (b) the main points of your "Written Statement of the Applicant's Academic and Future Goals"; and (c) a few comments on a current economic issue of your choice. The time allocated to each component is up to you. Notes: ・ Make sure your face is clearly visible on the screen throughout your speech. The background should not be distracting. See the image to the right as an example. ・ Do not include subtitles and do not alter the original playback speed of the video. ・ The video must be saved in .mp4 format. ・ The video file must be 50 MB or less. Files any larger cannot be uploaded. Be careful if you use an iPhone to record your video as its default setting produces an MOV file whose size likely exceeds 50MB. ・ It is your responsibility to ensure the video can be played and its audio can be heard before uploading it to TAO. (4) Written Statement of the Applicant's Academic and Future Goals (in English) (5) Two-minute Video (in English) PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 13 ・ The video file name should be as follows: your application ID number (6 digit) _your full name (e.g., 555555_KeioTaro) *You can view all of your applicatio ns and their ID numbers by clicking "Applications" from the top menu bar. Pl ease ensure to enter the correct ID when you have multiple applications. ・ If it is discovered that any portion of the video misleads viewers as to the authenticity of who is speaking and/or appearing, applicants shall be treated in accordance with Item (3) of "Important Notes on Applications" (See page 4 of this Application Guidebook). This includes, but is not limited to, overlaying another voice on the video. Letter requirements 1. The letter of reference must include the signature of a person who is able to submit a letter of reference for you (hereafter, "the recommender"). 2. There is no prescribed format for the letter; however, use of the official letterhead of the recommender's institution (e.g., school) is preferred. Who should write the letter? ・Anyone who is able to evaluate you objectively, excluding parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles, spouses, siblings, and children/grandchildren. ・We recommend that at least one of the le tters of reference be written by a teacher/counsellor at the school you last attended. How many letters are required? ・At least one Letter of Reference is required. If you wish to submit more than one, up to three Letters of Reference will be accepted. How should I submit the letter? ・First, you need to register an e-mail address of the recommender on TAO. We strongly recommend that you allow plenty of time before the deadline to do so. ・After registering the e-mail address, an e- mail with a link to access TAO will be sent to the recommender. ・The recommender submits the letter on TAO by following the on-screen instructions. *Letters of reference submitted by an y means other than TAO, or outside the designated TAO section, will not be accepted for screening. (6) Letter(s) of Reference (in English or Japanese) PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 14 Who should submit the certificate? ・The certificate must be submitted on TAO by the school issuing it. ・In cases your school is unable to submit the certificate on TAO due to unavoidable circumstances, you must contact the Admissions Center by e-mail in advance. How should the certificate be submitted? ・First, you need to register an e-mail address of a person who is able to submit the certificate (hereafter, "the uploader") on TAO. We strongly recommend that you allow plenty of time before the deadline to do so. ・After registering the e-mail address, an e- mail with a link to access TAO will be sent to the uploader. ・The uploader should submit the certificate on TAO as a PDF file by following the on-screen instructions. What kinds of certificates are accepted? ・The digital version of the original or a certified true copy. A certified true copy is a photocopy of an original document that has been stamped or endorsed by the issuing school. Digital versions of uncertified true copies are not accepted. What needs to be included in the certificate? ・Your full name ・Your date of birth ・Your date of graduation or expected graduation ・The date of issuance (the date of issuance for a certificate of expected graduation should be after September 1, 2026.) ・You may use the "Template of Certificat e of Graduation, Expected Graduation" downloadable from the link below. https://www.keio.ac.jp/en/admissions/ faculty/examinations/pearl/#online_ application_system Notes for those who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a Japanese high school（学校教育法第 1 条校） ・If you apply under eligibility requirement (1), be sure to submit an Official School Report ( 調査書) instead of a high school graduation certificate or a document certifying your expected graduation. Notes for those who have skipped (or wi ll skip) grades or graduated (or will graduate) early ・Please submit an official document issued from your high school explaining how you skipped (or will skip) grades or graduated (or will graduate) early, or have the explanation included in the graduation/expected graduation certificate. Notes for those whose certificate is written in languages other than English or Japanese ・An English translation that is certified by an embassy, consulate, translation service provider, or the candidate's high school must be attached to the relevant document. (7) High School Graduation Certificate (or a document certifying your expected graduation, in English or Japanese) PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 15 Notes for those applying under eligibility requirement (5) (page 6) ・You must request that a diploma, demonstrating your eligibility to apply under Eligibility Requirement (5), be sent electronically to the Keio University Admissions Center PEARL Team at [pearl_admissions@info.keio.ac.jp]. The diploma must reach us no later than the application deadline. To ensure timely delivery, please arrange for your diploma to be sent as early as po ssible, as it may take several weeks for the testing agency to process and transmit the document. Additionally, please download and complete the "Template Form for those applying under eligibility requirement (5)" available at the link below, and upload it yourself in the TAO section designated for submitting proof of high school graduation/expected graduation. https://www.keio.ac.jp/en/admissions/ faculty/examinations/pearl/#online_ application_system ・In cases where you are unable to have the diploma sent electronically to the Keio University Admissions Center due to unavoidable circumstances, you should contact the Admissions Center by e-mail at the earliest opportunity. Notes for those applying under eligibility requirement (6) (page 6) ・You must request an International Baccalaureate diploma (*), an Abitur diploma, a Baccalaureate diploma, a GCE A Level certificate, an International A Level certificate, or an European Baccalaur eate diploma be submitted via the designated field on TAO by your high school. * If you submit IBDP final scores/predicted grades as the standardized test scores, your IB Diploma does not need to be submitted in this field. ・If your school is unable to submit the diploma/certificate on TAO due to unavoidable circumstances, you should contact the Admissions Center by e-mail at the earliest opportunity. Who should submit the transcript? ・The transcript must be submitted on TAO by the school issuing it. ・In cases your school is unable to submit the transcript on TAO due to unavoidable circumstances, you must contact the Admissions Center by e-mail in advance. How should the transcript be submitted? ・First, you need to register an e-mail address of a person who is able to submit the transcript (hereafter, "the uploader") on TAO. We strongly recommend that you allow plenty of time before the deadline to do so. ・After registering the e-mail address, an e- mail with a link to access TAO will be sent to the uploader. ・The uploader should submit the transcript on TAO as a PDF file by following the on-screen instructions. What kinds of transcripts are accepted? ・The digital version of the original or a cer tified true copy. A certified true copy is a photocopy of an original document that has been stamped or endorsed by the issuing school. Digital versions of uncertified true copies are not accepted. (8) High School Academic Transcripts (in English or Japanese) PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 16 What needs to be included in the transcript? ・Your full name ・Your date of birth ・The date of issuance ・If you are a high school graduate, al l coursework completed throughout high school ・If you are a high school student, coursework through the most recently completed school term Notes for those who have attended more than one high school ・An official transcript issued by each high school will be required only if the grades from the earlier school(s) do not appear on your final transcript. Notes for those who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a Japanese high school（学校教育法第 1 条校） ・If you apply under eligibility requirement (1), be sure to submit an Official School Report (調査書) instead of a high school academic transcript. Notes for those whose transcript is written in languages other than English or Japanese ・An English translation that is certified by an embassy, consulate, translation service provider, or the candidate's high school must be attached to the relevant document. Notes for those applying under eligibility requirement (5) (page 6) ・You must request that a transcript, demonstrating your scores earned in a high school graduation equivalency examination you took, be sent electronically to the Keio University Admissions Center PEARL Team at [pearl_admissions@info.keio.ac.jp]. The transcript must reach us no later than the application deadline. To ensure timely delivery, please arrange for your transcript to be sent as early as possible, as it may take several weeks for the testing agency to process and transmit the document. Additionally, please download and complete the "Template Form for those applying under eligibility requirement (5)" available at the link below, and upload it yourself in the TAO section designated for submitting high school academic transcripts. https://www.keio.ac.jp/en/admissions/ faculty/examinations/pearl/#online_ application_system ・In cases where you are unable to have the transcript sent electronically to the Keio University Admissions Center due to unavoidable circumstances, you should contact the Admissions Center by e-mail at the earliest opportunity. ・ Upload a copy of your passport photo page on TAO as a PDF file. ・ If you are a citizen of more than one country, please upload copies of all your passports. ・ If it is not possible to submit a copy of your passport, a copy of an identification card/document such as a driving license or residence card will also be accepted. *This alternate identification card must show your name, date of birth, nationality, and sex. If it is written in languages other than English, be sure to attach an English translation to it. (9) A copy of your passport photo page PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 17 ・ The photo of the applicant must be a full-face view with no hat or headgear (unless worn for religious purposes), have a plain background, and have been taken within three months prior to submission. It can be in black-and-white or color. The file must be in JPEG format. ・ You may upload up to three additional certificate documents. Each certificate must meet both of the following conditions: (a) The certificate was issued by an official organization; and (b) It has academic relevance to studying on the PEARL program. Examples: an official language exam score, a certificate of scholarship award. Notes: ・ Upload certificates only in their original form on TAO as a PDF file, with no editing or annotations. ・ Do not include materials related to your extracurricular activities or volunteer activities. You may instead mention them in "(1) Academic Background and Brief Self Introduction." ・ No queries are accepted concerning the suitability of certificates. Applicants must carefully consider themselves if a certificate they hold is suitable for this category. (10) Applicant's Photo (11) Other materials (Optional) PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 18 1. Create an account on TAO. Make sure that your language setting is English. 2. Access the link below, click on "Keio University" -> "Faculty of Economics" -> "PEARL", then start filling in the application. https://admissions-office.net/en/portal 3. Fill out all the fields, submit all the required materials, and pay the application fee on TAO following the onscreen instructions. 4. Complete your application by clicking the "Complete my application" button. Make sure to confirm that your application status has changed to "Application Completed". Applicants are required to pay an application fee of JPY 35,000 through TAO by credit card. Be sure to follow the onscreen instructions, and make the payment before you submit your application. The periods for making this payment are as follows: Applicants are required to pay an application fee of JPY 35,000 through TAO by credit card. Be sure to follow the onscreen instructions, and make the payment before you submit your application. The periods for making this payment are as follows: Application Period Periods for making payment I 10:00 a.m. on October 21, 2026 - 3:00 p.m. on December 2, 2026 (JST) II 10:00 a.m. on December 4, 2026 - 3:00 p.m. on January 27, 2027 (JST) III 10:00 a.m. on February 24, 2027 - 3:00 p.m. on April 7, 2027 (JST) *An administrative fee is required in addition to the application fee. Notes ・ Sometimes credit card security settings or transaction limits may prevent a payment from being processed. Therefore, we strongly recommend completing the application fee payment well in advance of the deadline. ・ Refund of application fee - A refund of the application fee is not possible under any circumstances. Confirm your application status has changed to "Application Completed" Click "Complete my application" button Step 3: Apply Confirm your application status has changed to "Application Completed" Click "Complete my application" button PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 19 ・ Carryover of application fee - Applicants who re-apply during subsequent application periods are required to pay the application fee of JPY 35,000 each time they apply. - The application fee you have paid will only be carried over to subsequent application periods in the same year if your application is not assigned an examinee number, namely, if your ap plication was not accepted because you did not click the "Complete My Application" button. (See the *Confirm Your Examinee Number on TAO* section below.) Examples: - When you successfully submit your application in Application Period I but are not selected for entry into PEARL, you must pay the application fee of JPY 35,000 again in Application Period II (i.e., the application fee you have paid cannot be carried over). - If your application is not accepted in Application Period I due to the "Complete My Application" button not being successfully clicked, the application fee of JPY 35,000 you have paid may be carried over. Approximately one week prior to the announcement of results, an examinee number, consisting of a six-digit number and an alphabet character, will be assigned to your application. This number indicates that your application has been officially accepted and is currently under review. To confirm your examinee number, please log in to TAO, click "Applications" on the top menu bar, select the relevant applicat ion, and then click "View my screening results." If you are unable to confirm your examinee number despite having completed your application successfully, please ensure th at you contact the Admissions Center immediately. Screening results will be announced on TAO from 10:00 a.m. (JST) on the date of the announcement of results. Check your screening results on TAO using the same process described above for confirming your examinee number. Screening results are available exclusiv ely through TAO. The university will not disclose results via any other method, including telephone, fax, email, or in-person inquiries. Please note that we are unable to respond to any questions regarding the screening results, including requests for feedback or reasons for non-selection. Step 4: Confirm Your Examinee Number on TAO Step 5: Review Your Screening Results PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 20 Enrollment registration will be completed upon performing the following 3 procedures during the designated period s. Detailed instructions for enrollment registration will be available for su ccessful applicants on TAO upon the announcement of results. STEP 1: Pay the required academic fees and expenses STEP 2: Complete enrollment registration on the online enrollment system STEP 3: Send high school graduation certificate (mandatory), high school final transcripts (mandatory) and/or o fficial transcript of grades for the IBDP (if applicable). Applicants must arrange for their high school to send the high school graduation certificate and final transcripts directly to the University by post. Schedule Application Period Enrollment Procedures STEP 1 STEP 2 STEP 3 Payment of academic fees Completion of online enrollment registration Submission of documents I January 25 - February 12, 2027 May 24 - June 18, 2027 May 24 - July 30, 2027 II March 4 - March 25, 2027 III May 24 - June 18, 2027 Step 6: Carry Out the Procedures for Enrollment Registration PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 21 Academic Fees Academic fees and other expenses to be paid by September 2027 enrollees in the PEARL at the time of enrollment registration have yet to be finalized. They will be finalized in late November 2026. For your reference, the following table shows the fees for September 2026 enrollees. Admission fee 200,000 JPY Academic fees and expenses for fall semester 654,225 JPY Total 854,225 JPY Notes ・ The admission fee is a one-time fee (paid at the time of enrollment). ・ The annual academic fees and expenses (for 2 semesters) for the PEARL in AY 2026 is 1,308,350 JPY. ・ As a rule, fees cannot be refunded. Nevertheless, academic fees (with the exception of admission fees) may be returned in cases where a student applies to withdraw from the university in li ne with the procedure prescribed by the university. PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 22 4. Appendix Admissions Statistics September 2024 entry Application Period Number of Applicants Numb er of Successful Applicants Total Male: Female Japanese: Other Nationalities Total Male: Female Japanese: Other Nationalities I 270 132 : 138 161 : 109 105 52 : 53 53 : 52 II 226 118 : 108 100 : 126 54 25 : 29 26 : 28 III 142 89 : 53 56 : 86 35 23 : 12 10 : 25 September 2025 entry Application Period Number of Applicants Numb er of Successful Applicants Total Male: Female Japanese: Other Nationalities Total Male: Female Japanese: Other Nationalities I 368 184 : 184 161 : 207 113 43 : 70 52 : 61 II 286 155 : 131 97 : 189 66 34 : 32 19 : 47 III 209 122 : 87 54 : 155 38 20 : 18 9 : 29 September 2026 entry Application Period Number of Applicants Numb er of Successful Applicants Total Male: Female Japanese: Other Nationalities Total Male: Female Japanese: Other Nationalities I 479 253 : 226 171 : 308 105 55 : 50 39 : 66 II 364 209 : 155 102 : 262 68 39 : 29 15 : 53 III 229 135 : 94 60 : 169 35 17 : 18 10 : 25 Admissions Policy Desired Quality in Potential Students (1) We seek individuals who have a strong will to actively engage with society and the spirit to comprehend a changing society through their own intellect. (2) We seek individuals who have the potentia l to excel in rigorous, academically grounded thinking, while also possessing a good sense of balance and the ability to respect diverse perspectives. (3) We seek individuals who possess the potential to assume leadership roles in society through their intellect. We welcome applicants from diverse backgrounds who will go on to play leading roles in society. PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 23 Management of Personal Information at Keio University At Keio University, personal information is managed safely and appropriately in compliance with the university's "Basic Policy Concerning Protection of Personal Information" and "Rules to Protect Personal Information." Personal information provided when making an application, completing admissions procedures, and issuing notifications fo llowing graduation, including names, addresses, and other details, will be used at each department of Keio University for 1) processing applications for, and conducting of, entrance examinations, as well as announcements of final results; 2) ad mission procedures; 3) administration, correspondence, and procedures relating to academic affairs, including academic activities to which the student contributes; 4) administration, correspondence, and procedures relating to general student life; 5) administration, correspondence, and procedures relating to the use of un iversity facilities and equipment; 6) communications for soliciting donations, no tification regarding school bonds, and inviting recipients to join the Keio Iji-kai (Support Group) or apply for the Keio Card; 7) sending documents to students and guarantors and other communications; and 8) dispatching documents related to the Mita-kai (alumni association); and any other matters accompanying these tasks. Additionally, the data of personal information that has been statistically processed so that individuals cannot be identified will be used as survey and research material for the selection of entrants to the university. Specific duties will be undertaken by contractors commissioned by Keio University (hereinafter "commissioned contractors") to perform the tasks outlined above. When outsourcing tasks, all or part of the personal information provided by applicants may be shared with commissioned contractors to the extent that it is necessary to carry out their duties. Keio University may also share personal information following graduation, within the extent that this is required for procedures and screenings, upon request from the Mita-kai (Alumni Associations), as part of its support for the Mita-kai's activities. Exceptions may be made to share personal information with third parties in cases where there is a legal obligation to disclose information, or when it is deemed necessary to protect the life, physical we llbeing, property, or other rights and interests of the student or a third party and it is not possible to obtain the consent of the student in question. Keio University will not provide personal information to a third party in any circumstances other than those described above. Note however, that a student's academic transcript will be provided to their guarantor. Keio University provides the guarantor with the student's academic transcript solely to ensure that the guarantor has an understanding of the student's academic progress, with due respect to the autonomy of each student. You will hereby be deemed to be in agreement with the above matters, in undertaking all procedures. Please read and consider these factors thoroughly before consenting. ＊Keio University Privacy Policy https://www.keio.ac.jp/en/privacy-policy/ PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center 24 Security Export Controls To ensure that the content of educatio n and research for international students does not interfere with the maintenance of international peace and security, Keio University maintains security export controls based on the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act. Under these controls, the university confirms in advance whether the permission of the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry is required before exporting/transferring goods and technologies outside Japan, or before providing international students and researchers in Japan with access to those technologies. As a result, some students may not be able to participate in academic or research activities as desired. *For details on security export controls, pl ease refer to the website of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry: https://www.meti.go.jp/policy/anpo/englishpage.html Special Measures for Applicants in Areas Hit by Large-scale Natural Disasters In order to reduce the financial burden on applicants who live in areas affected by large-scale natural disasters (designat ed by the Japanese Government as a "Disaster Relief Act"), Keio University may take special measures in accordance with the situation in the affected areas. Please check for further details on applications and procedures (only available in Japanese) under the information for undergraduate admissions on the Keio University Admissions Center website: https://www.keio.ac.jp/ja/admissions/ Applicants with Disabilities If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodations for the admissions process or enrollment, please contact the Admissions Center at least one month prior to the start of the application period. Keio University Education Promotion Funds (Donation) and Keio University Bonds (School Bonds) Gift giving is an effective way to participate in further enriching the educational environment at Keio. Detailed information (Japanese language only) will be sent to those who have completed the enrollment process. Keio University Education Promotion Funds (Donation) 30,000 JPY per unit Making donations of two units or more per year would be greatly appreciated. Keio University Bonds (School Bonds) 100,000 JPY per unit Applying three or more units would be greatly appreciated. The total amount applied for bonds will be reimbursed at the time of graduation from the university, completion of the graduate course, or when leaving Keio. 5. Contact PEARL Team, Admissions Center, Keio University 2-15-45, Mita, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8345, Japan Tel. +81-3-5427-1611 pearl_admissions@info.keio.ac.jp PEARL, Faculty of Economics (September 2027 entry) Keio University Admissions Center