日本語 Undergraduate Admissions Information Apply Students Alumni Visit Campus Contact Giving Store 日本語 About President's Message Philosophy and History Keio University's Initiatives Alumni Network Global Engagement Keio University's Initiatives Keio by the Numbers Disclosure of Information Structure and Organization Campuses Museums Communication Tools Keio BOARD Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Admissions for International Students Academic Fees Scholarships Student Dormitories Academics Undergraduate Faculties Faculty of Letters Faculty of Economics Faculty of Law Faculty of Business and Commerce School of Medicine Faculty of Science and Technology Faculty of Policy Management Faculty of Environment and Information Studies Faculty of Nursing and Medical Care Faculty of Pharmacy Distance Learning Courses Japanese Language Program Graduate Schools Graduate School of Letters Graduate School of Economics Graduate School of Law Graduate School of Human Relations Graduate School of Business and Commerce Graduate School of Medicine Graduate School of Science and Technology Graduate School of Media and Governance Graduate School of Health Management Graduate School of Pharmaceutical Sciences Graduate School of Business Administration Graduate School of System Design and Management Graduate School of Media Design (KMD) Keio University Law School Education Academic Fields Libraries & Information Technology Services Research J-PEAKS Explore Research News and Events Research Promotion and Support (for Researchers) Startup Support (for Entrepreneurs) About Intellectual Property Inquiries about Industry-Academia-Government Collaboration and Intellectual Assets Make a Donation Keio FUTURE Student Life Annual Schedule School Festival Athletic Association & Club Activities Careers & Future Paths Student Achievements Keio LIFE Affiliated Yochisha Elementary School Keio Yokohama Elementary School Keio Futsubu School Chutobu Junior High School Keio Shonan Fujisawa Junior and Senior High School Keio Senior High School Keio Shiki Senior High School Keio Girls Senior High School Keio Academy of New York (High School) Undergraduate Admissions Information Menu FAQ Contents About the PEARL About the Admissions Procedures About the Curriculum About the Campus Life About the PEARL Q. Will you have a PEARL information session? If so, when will it be held and how will the details of the session be announced? Please visit the following link for the latest information Event Close Q. Am I able to transfer to the PEARL? There is no transfer system in place at the PEARL, so all students are required to start from the first year of the program. Close Q. Can I transfer credits earned from another academic institution to the PEARL? No. The PEARL does not accept credits from another institution. Close About the Admissions Procedures Q. What classes should I take in high school? The PEARL does not require the completion of any specific secondary school courses in order to be considered for admission. For information on eligibility requirements, please check the Application Guidebook from the following link PEARL Application Guidebook Close Q. Which factors are considered in the admissions process? Admissions decisions are never based on a single factor. It is important to remember that we review the applications holistically. Close Q. Do you accept other test scores in lieu of IB and/or SAT scores? No other test scores, qualifications, diplomas, or certificates are accepted in lieu of IB and/or SAT scores. Please note that, beginning with applications for entry in September 2027, ACT scores will no longer be accepted for PEARL applications. Close Q. Do you favor IB scores over SAT scores? No. The IB and the SAT are treated equally. Close Q. Which IB subjects should I choose in order to be considered for admission? There are no subject or subject level requirements for IB grades. Your IB grades are acceptable as long as you are an IB Diploma candidate or an IB Diploma holder. Close Q. I have graduated/will graduate from a high school where English is the language of instruction. Do I still need to submit TOEFL® or IELTS scores? Yes. All applicants, including native English speakers, are required to submit TOEFL iBT® and/or IELTS Scores. We use these as part of our assessment of candidates' proficiency in university-level academic English. Close Q. Are there minimum required IB, SAT, TOEFL®, and/or IELTS scores? No. There are no "cut-off" scores. Close Q. Do you accept IELTS One Skill Retake? No. IELTS One Skill Retake is not accepted. Close Q. I have done the SAT, the TOEFL, or the IELTS test more than once. Can I combine the best section scores from all of my test scores (superscoring)? Superscoring is not accepted, and you cannot combine the section scores from different tests. Close Q. My IB, SAT, TOEFL®, and/or IELTS scores may be transmitted to Keio before the start of the application period. Will they still be accepted? Yes. We will match your scores to your application after it is submitted. Close Q. Should my high school academic transcript cover all classes taken in high school? Yes. The transcript should be a final transcript, listing the classes you have taken every year in high school (e.g. grades 9 to 12 for US, 11 and 12 for IB, and 10 to 12 for local Japanese students) and your final grades for each class. For applicants who have not yet graduated, you must send a transcript up to the most recently completed school term. Close Q. I attended more than one high school. Do I need to submit an official transcript from each school? If the grades from the earlier school(s) do not appear on your final transcript, then an official transcript issued by each high school will be required. Close Q. How should I include my extracurricular activities in the application? You may include them in section (1) Academic Background and Brief Self Introduction. This is the only section where extracurricular activities can be mentioned. Close Q. What is considered appropriate or inappropriate to submit under section (11) Other Materials (Optional)? Please refer to the Application Guidebook from the link below for guidance on what may be submitted in this section. The university cannot provide individual advice regarding the suitability of materials. Applicants are encouraged to make careful and thoughtful decisions on their own. PEARL Application Guidebook Close Q. Do I need to sit an interview? No. Interviews are not part of the PEARL admissions/selection process. However, the submission of a two-minute video is mandatory for all applicants. Close Q. If I apply multiple times for the same year of entry, do I need to submit all my application documents each time I apply? You will be required to submit all items online each time, but certain items are reusable. For details, please check the Application Guidebook from the following link: PEARL Application Guidebook Close Q. Do I need to be 18 years of age or above by September 21, 2027 in order to be eligible for applying for September 2027 entry? You must be 18 years of age or above by September 21, 2027 if you apply under the eligibility requirement (5) or (7). Age does not matter when applying under the eligibility requirement (1), (2), (3), (4), or (6). Close Q. I'm still a high school student at the time of submitting my application, how should I prepare a high school graduation certificate? If you are expected to graduate from a high school, a document certifying your expected graduation needs to be issued and submitted by your high school. Your school may use the "Template of Certificate of Graduation, Expected Graduation" downloadable from the link below. Template Certificate of Graduation Expected Graduation Close Q. Is there any difference between each of three application periods? No. The admission quota is approximately 100 students through all three application periods. A selection ratio of each period is not fixed. Close About the Curriculum Q. What subjects can I study in the PEARL? We offer a world-class education in advanced economics and liberal arts in the PEARL. Here is the page explaining our curriculum in details The PEARL Curriculum Close Q. I am an international student. Can I also study Japanese language in the PEARL? The answer is included in the following link: You will have the opportunity to develop employment-ready Japanese proficiency, if you choose to register for such classes and succeed in completing them. The PEARL Curriculum Close Q. I am a Japanese student studying at an international school. Can I take the Japanese language class as a foreign language? Japanese language courses are offered for non-native Japanese speakers only. Close Q. How can I apply to the PEARL and the Double Degree program with Sciences Po? Once an applicant is admitted to the PEARL, he/she can apply to the Double Degree program with Sciences Po. To join the Double Degree program in the same year as entering PEARL, applicants must apply during the first and second application periods. Applicants who are admitted to the PEARL during the third application period can apply to the Double Degree program in the following year. Close Q. Can PEARL students register for classes taught in Japanese, including Research Seminars, offered by Faculty of Economics? Yes they can. Credits for Research Seminars and Independent Research Projects (Kenkyu Project), whether they are taught in English or Japanese, will be counted towards graduation. In contrast, credits for all other types of classes taught in Japanese will not be counted towards the PEARL students' degree. Close Q. Can PEARL students register for classes (including Research Seminars) taught in Japanese offered by other faculties and/or institutions at Keio? Yes, but the credits will not be counted towards graduation. Close Q. Can PEARL students register for classes (including Research Seminars) taught in English offered by other faculties and/or institutions at Keio? Yes, and for some of them, the credits will be counted towards graduation. Close About the Campus Life Q. At which campus do PEARL students study? PEARL students study at our campus in Hiyoshi for their first and second years, and then at the Mita campus for their third and fourth years. Campus maps are available from the links below. Hiyoshi Campus Mita Campus Close Q. Where can I get information about student dormitories offered by Keio? Keio has several types of dormitories for its students. Location, cost, and other conditions vary by housing facility. Please visit the following link for details Student Dormitories Close Q. Are there any scholarships available for the PEARL students? Keio introduces a number of scholarships for its students. Please visit the following link for details: *Japanese Government (MONBUKAGAKUSHO: MEXT) Scholarships are not available for the PEARL students. Scholarships Close Q. Is there any information available on career paths of the PEARL alumni? It can be found in the documents viewable from the link below PEARL Brochure Close Home Admissions Undergraduate Admissions FAQ and Inquiries FAQ About This Site Site Map Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Recruitment Information Contact Us © Keio University. All rights reserved.