日本語 Apply Students Alumni Visit Campus Contact Giving Store 日本語 About President's Message Philosophy and History Keio University's Initiatives Alumni Network Global Engagement Keio University's Initiatives Keio by the Numbers Disclosure of Information Structure and Organization Campuses Museums Communication Tools Keio BOARD Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Admissions for International Students Academic Fees Scholarships Student Dormitories Academics Undergraduate Faculties Faculty of Letters Faculty of Economics Faculty of Law Faculty of Business and Commerce School of Medicine Faculty of Science and Technology Faculty of Policy Management Faculty of Environment and Information Studies Faculty of Nursing and Medical Care Faculty of Pharmacy Distance Learning Courses Japanese Language Program Graduate Schools Graduate School of Letters Graduate School of Economics Graduate School of Law Graduate School of Human Relations Graduate School of Business and Commerce Graduate School of Medicine Graduate School of Science and Technology Graduate School of Media and Governance Graduate School of Health Management Graduate School of Pharmaceutical Sciences Graduate School of Business Administration Graduate School of System Design and Management Graduate School of Media Design (KMD) Keio University Law School Education Academic Fields Libraries & Information Technology Services Research J-PEAKS Explore Research News and Events Research Promotion and Support (for Researchers) Startup Support (for Entrepreneurs) About Intellectual Property Inquiries about Industry-Academia-Government Collaboration and Intellectual Assets Make a Donation Keio FUTURE Student Life Annual Schedule School Festival Athletic Association & Club Activities Careers & Future Paths Student Achievements Keio LIFE Affiliated Yochisha Elementary School Keio Yokohama Elementary School Keio Futsubu School Chutobu Junior High School Keio Shonan Fujisawa Junior and Senior High School Keio Senior High School Keio Shiki Senior High School Keio Girls Senior High School Keio Academy of New York (High School) Undergraduate Academic Fees Academic fees and expenses for faculty programs at Keio University are given below. *Regarding payment of tuition and other fees during the enrollment process, please be sure to check the application guidelines and the enrollment registration guidelines provided to successful applicants. Deadlines for bank transfers via bank transfer form / Pay-easy / Flywire Spring Semester of AY 2026 (First installment payment): April 30 (Thu.) Fall Semester of AY 2026 (Second installment payment): October 31 (Sat.) *You may combine your payments for the Spring and Fall Semesters into one lump sum (full payment) in April (except for direct debit). If you only pay for the Spring Semester portion in April, please remember that the Fall Semester portion will still be due in October. Dates of deduction for those who registered for direct debit Spring Semester of AY 2026 (First installment payment): April 27 (Mon.) Fall Semester of AY 2026(Second installment payment):October 27 (Tue.) *You cannot pay the entire sum in one payment with direct debit. Academic fees and expenses will be automatically deducted from your account for each semester (half-yearly) in April and October, respectively. Payment Methods To pay academic fees and expenses while enrolled, access Gakuhi Navi to confirm the amount for your tuition fees together with their payment deadline. Please make your payment by either account transfer, Pay-easy, Flywire, or by making a bank transfer from a reception counter at a bank branch after downloading and printing out the "Bank Transfer Request Form". You will receive an email notification via K-Support (for students) or keio.jp (for guarantors of undergraduate students) when it is time to pay your tuition fees(mid-April for the Spring Semester and mid-October for the Fall Semester). For details regarding tuition payments during your enrollment, please refer to the information below. Information on Payment of Academic Fees and Expenses while Enrolled at Keio University Please note that the payment period may differ for students depending on the timing of approval for temporary leave of absence or the screening process of the New Higher Education Support System. For details, please check the Keio University Student Website, FAQ or refer to the email notification sent through K-Support (for students) or keio.jp (for guarantors of undergraduate students). How to access Gakuhi Navi Students can navigate to this system through the "Apps" menu in K-Support. From there, choose the category heading that lists "学生生活・奨学金・学費" (Student Life, Scholarships, and Academic Fees and Expenses). Click on the "学費Navi" (Gakuhi Navi) link to access the payment portal. Guarantors of undergraduate students can log in to Gakuhi Navi from the menu on the keio.jp website. Guarantors should click on the button which is displayed as "学費Navi" to access the payment portal. Please note that guarantors of undergraduate students should use their guarantor ID (e.g., 12345678@gr) when logging into keio.jp, not their email address. Fees and Handing Charges There will be no service fee charged when using direct debit or Pay-easy*. When making bank transfers, the transfer fee is borne by the sender. Note that if you select bank transfer while making an international remittance (via Flywire), you may be charged a service fee. *Some financial institutions may charge an out-of-hours fee when making a Pay-easy payment via ATM on holidays or at night. Inquiries regarding scholarships and deferred payment For scholarship inquiries, please inquire with the respective office at your affiliated campus. For Application for Tuition Deferment, please refer to "Keio University Student Website" Academic Fees and Expenses AY 2026 Academic Fees and Expenses for Undergraduate Faculties Home Admissions Academic Fees Undergraduate Academic Fees About This Site Site Map Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Recruitment Information Contact Us © Keio University. All rights reserved.