日本語 Apply Students Alumni Visit Campus Contact Giving Store 日本語 About President's Message Philosophy and History Keio University's Initiatives Alumni Network Global Engagement Keio University's Initiatives Keio by the Numbers Disclosure of Information Structure and Organization Campuses Museums Communication Tools Keio BOARD Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Admissions for International Students Academic Fees Scholarships Student Dormitories Academics Undergraduate Faculties Faculty of Letters Faculty of Economics Faculty of Law Faculty of Business and Commerce School of Medicine Faculty of Science and Technology Faculty of Policy Management Faculty of Environment and Information Studies Faculty of Nursing and Medical Care Faculty of Pharmacy Distance Learning Courses Japanese Language Program Graduate Schools Graduate School of Letters Graduate School of Economics Graduate School of Law Graduate School of Human Relations Graduate School of Business and Commerce Graduate School of Medicine Graduate School of Science and Technology Graduate School of Media and Governance Graduate School of Health Management Graduate School of Pharmaceutical Sciences Graduate School of Business Administration Graduate School of System Design and Management Graduate School of Media Design (KMD) Keio University Law School Education Academic Fields Libraries & Information Technology Services Research J-PEAKS Explore Research News and Events Research Promotion and Support (for Researchers) Startup Support (for Entrepreneurs) About Intellectual Property Inquiries about Industry-Academia-Government Collaboration and Intellectual Assets Make a Donation Keio FUTURE Student Life Annual Schedule School Festival Athletic Association & Club Activities Careers & Future Paths Student Achievements Keio LIFE Affiliated Yochisha Elementary School Keio Yokohama Elementary School Keio Futsubu School Chutobu Junior High School Keio Shonan Fujisawa Junior and Senior High School Keio Senior High School Keio Shiki Senior High School Keio Girls Senior High School Keio Academy of New York (High School) Scholarships Scholarship Types Application and Selection for Scholarships Keio University provides scholarships to international degree seeking students so that they can focus on their studies without financial worry. For students with Japanese citizenship, etc. Support Systems Accompanying Emergency Aid and Disaster Victims Scholarships Scholarship Types Scholarships are broadly divided into the following: those offered by Keio University, those offered by public organizations such as the Japanese government (Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology) and Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO), and those from scholarship sponsors such as private companies and scholarship foundations. Biggest Scholarship Fund in Japan: 24 Billion Yen Keio University is increasing its scholarship fund even more. At 24 billion yen, the university's scholarship fund is the largest in Japan and will be used for scholarships that are not required to be repaid. Keio University is actively working to stabilize the source of its scholarship fund. "Design the Future" Award for International Students The purpose of this scholarship is to invite outstanding international students to Keio University and develop them into individuals with a global mind who will lead the future of humanity. It is a special scholarship which in addition to paying the full academic fees and expenses necessary to be enrolled at Keio University, also provides monthly payments to cover living expenses as well as a one-off payment at the time of admission. We look forward to receiving applications from talented students from around the world. "Design the Future" Award for International Students Generous Internal Scholarships for Privately Financed International Students The university established its own scholarship program for international students to provide generous support to privately financed international students. Keio University Scholarship (undergraduate students), Keio University Graduate School Scholarship Yamaoka Kenichi Memorial Scholarship (for international students from Asia) Goldman Sachs Scholars Fund Scholarships from Donations from Alumni and Other Benefactors The appeal of Keio University is that the spirit of shachu kyoryoku , collaboration within the company, has taken root. Various alumni associations (Mita-kai) formed by jukuin , or Keio alumni, and other benefactors make donations to the university for the purpose of awarding scholarships. There are many scholarships international students can apply for. Donor Designated Scholarships Need-based: Keio University Degree Completion Scholarship There are many reasons why students have financial difficulties, including sudden changes in household finances and lack of steady income. The scholarship is intended to provide financial support to a broad scope of students experiencing financial difficulties regardless of the nature or origin of such difficulties to ensure students who aspire to study do not lose the opportunity to do so for financial reasons. Emergency Aid and Disaster Victims Scholarship Scholarship Types Scholarships are broadly divided into the following: those offered by Keio University, those offered by public organizations such as the Japanese government (Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology) and Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO), and those from scholarship sponsors such as private companies and scholarship foundations. Internal Scholarships Keio University provides various benefit-type scholarships that meet the needs of the students and do not require repayment.The following is a summary of scholarships available to undergraduate and graduate students. For Undergraduate Students You can find information about scholarships for undergraduate students here. For Graduate Students You can find information about scholarships for graduate students here. Government Scholarships (For Both Undergraduate and Graduate Students) Information regarding scholarships offered by the Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) can be found here. Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) Honors Scholarship This scholarship is provided by JASSO. The purpose of this scholarship is to promote the development of educational exchange, mutual understanding, peace, and friendship between foreign countries and Japan. It is intended for students with excellent character and academic grades, who furthermore have difficulty continuing their studies due to financial reasons. Application period (scheduled): April and September Number of recipients: 101 undergraduate students, 25 graduate students (number in AY 2024) Scholarship amount: 48,000 yen per month Scholarship period: one year Private Organization and Local Government Scholarships (For Both Undergraduate and Graduate Students) Many organizations, such as incorporated foundations, public interest incorporated foundations, private companies, and prefectural and local governments offer scholarships.For many scholarships, once you have been selected, you will continue to receive funds until graduation. Private Organizations and Local Government Scholarships Application and Selection for Scholarships There are some scholarships for which you will need to get a recommendation from the university before you can apply. For others, you can apply directly to the organization without going through the university. To apply for scholarships, you have to go through a scholarship applicant registration process twice a year, at the start of the Spring and Fall Semesters.For details, please visit the International Center website. Scholarships for International Students (in Japanese) Scholarships for International Students (in English) Related Pages Academic Fees Home Admissions Scholarships About This Site Site Map Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Recruitment Information Contact Us © Keio University. All rights reserved.