Hankuk University of Foreign Studies HANKUK UNIVERSITY OF FOREIGN STUDIES General International Undergraduate Admissions Guide 2026 Fall Admissions 국제교류처 HANKUK UNIVERSITY OF FOREIGN STUDIES OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS Office of International Admissions & Management Hankuk University of Foreign Studies Historical Archives Building #102 02450, Seoul, Imun-ro 107, Dongdaemun-gu Tel. +82-2) 2173-2656/2852/2657 (Korean/English/Chinese) Website https://oiam.hufs.ac.kr/apply, http://international.hufs.ac.kr p 14 p 14 09. Application and Tuition Fee 10. Additional Notes for Applicants p 16 p 17 11. Notes for Newly Admitted Students 12. About the Office of International Admissions and Management (OIAM) p 11 p 11 07. Result Announcement and Registration 08. Application Documents General International Undergraduate Admissions Guide 2026 Fall Admissions p 04 p 05 01. Application Timeline p 06 p 08 03. Colleges and Departments p 09 p 10 05. Evaluation Criteria 02. Application Procedures 04. Eligibility and Requirements 06. Scholarships TABLE OF CONTENTS OIAM website Admission Info website YouTube Channel Instagram QR code Power of HUFS Students Number of International Students 17,101 2,173 A pioneer in critical foreign language education - selected by the Korean Ministry of Education for the Critical Foreign Languages Education Promotion Program (21 languages). Faculty with top-tier language expertise and outstanding specialization in various fields 3 out of 4 enrolled students pursue a double major or a minor. Partnerships with 604 universities and 70 institutions across 101 countries worldwide Major Updates for 2026 Fall Admission Process 28Colleges 128Majors By completing interdisciplinary double majors and minors in language studies, we maximize the strengths of HUFS and establish a solid foundation for practical career opportunities. 440 172 Korean Faculty International Faculty 3,846 University in Korea for International Undergraduate Student Enrollment Certified by the International Education Quality Assurance System (IEQAS) 101 countries 45 language programs 604 universities 70 institutions International Academic Exchange Agreements Number of International Students Undergraduate Program (2025) Top7 The leading institution in Korea for foreign language education, offering courses in 45 languages. Submission of Bank Balance Certificate •  Beginning with the March 2026 admissions, instructions for submitting the bank balance certificate will be provided separately to final applicants only. Intensive Korean Language Program •  This program provides up to one year of intensive Korean language Liberal Arts courses for newly admitted international undergraduate students who require improvement in their Korean proficiency. The program consists of a 15-week curriculum designed by the university's Center for Korean Language and Culture (CKLC), totaling 300 instructional hours completed during the semester. Upon successful completion, the course is recognized as undergraduate Liberal Arts credits. •  Students who submit a TOPIK or TOPIK IBT score of Level 4 or higher, students admitted to the Division of International Studies, and all transfer students are excluded from this program. •  Eligible students for the Intensive Korean Language Program will be notified separately after admission results are announced. 1 2 02 03 2026 Fall Admission Details Early Decision Regular Decision Online Application and Document Submission Tue, March 3, 2026 - Fri, March 20, 2026 Mon, April 13, 2026 - Fri, May 29, 2026 •  Applications for admission and supplementary documents are submitted online. http://international.hufs.ac.kr > Admission Guide > Apply •  After completing the online application and paying the application fee, please submit the required documents to the university in person or by by postal mail. For postal mail, only documents received by the submission deadline will be accepted. •  Address: Office of International Admissions & Management #102 Minerva Complex, Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, 107 Imun-ro, Dongdaemun-gu, Seoul 02450, South Korea Early Admission Results Announcement and Additional Interview Notice Mon, April 20, 2026 Mon, June 22, 2026 •  Early admission results will be announced on:  http://international.hufs.ac.kr •  There may also be an additional interview request by the department. Please check the Admission Notices. Interview Sat, April 25, 2026 Sat, June 27, 2026 •  Interviews will be conducted online. •  Applicants selected for the interview must access the system within the designated time. Final Admission Results Announcement Fri, May 11, 2026 Fri, July 13, 2026 •  Final admission results will be announced on:  http://internatioanl.hufs.ac.kr Tuition Payment Mon, July 13 - Wed, July 22, 2026 •  Payment available at all Woori Bank branches throughout Korea. •  When paying tuition from overseas, additional bank fees may apply. Issuance of Certificate of Admission(CoA) Mon, July 13 - Fri, July 31, 2026 •  The Certificate of Admission will be sent via email only to applicants who have completed the tuition payment and have requested the documents. *The above schedule is subject to change depending on the university's circumstances. 01 Application Timeline ▶ Online Application 02 Application Procedures Go to http://international.hufs.ac.kr Click Admission > Admission Guide > Apply Sign up on U-wayapply.com, then log in ▶ Sign-up using your full legal name as indicated in the bar code section of your passport. Click '한국외국어대학교 부모 모두 외국인인 외국인 특별전형 원서접수' ▶ Read the application guidelines carefully. Check and confirm that all information on the form is correct ▶ Save the form after entering all the required information. ▶ Once your payment is completed, the information cannot be modified. Please review information before paying! Pay the online application fee ▶ Application forms and other documents must be submitted in person or by postal mail. Print the application form,and send them together with other documents to HUFS OIAM Complete the online application ▶ All announcements will be sent to the email address provided during the application process(U-way), so please ensure that you enter a valid and accurate email address. ▶ OIAM Office Address Office of International Admissions and Management #102 Minerva Complex, Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, 107 Imun-ro, Dongdaemun-gu, Seoul 02450, South Korea (우) 02450 서울특별시 동대문구 이문로 107 한국외국어대학교 역사관 102호 국제교류처 국제입학관리팀 순수외국인전형 담당자 앞 04 05 College Major Admission Type Freshmen Transfer Sophomore Transfer Junior College of English *English Linguistics and Language Technology (ELL T) O O O English Literature and Culture O O O English for International Conferences and Communication O O O College of Occidental Languages Major Foreign Languages Division of French Language O O -  Applied French Linguistics and Literature O - FATI O -  French and European Studies O German O O O Russian O O O Spanish O O O Critical Foreign Languages (European Area) Italian O O O Portuguese O O O Dutch O O O Scandinavian Languages O O O College of Asian Languages & Culture Critical Foreign Languages (India-ASEAN) Malay-Indonesian O O O Thai O O O Vietnamese O O O Hindi O O O Critical Foreign Languages (Middle East) Arabic O O O Turkish and Azerbaijani O O O Persian and Iranian Studies O O O Mongolian O O O College of Chinese Division of Chinese Language, Literature and Culture O -  Chinese Language, Literature and Culture O O -  China Data Curation O O Division of Chinese Foreign Affairs and Commerce O -  Chinese Foreign Affairs and Commerce O O College of Japanese Division of Japanese Language, Literature and Culture O -  Japanese Language, Literature and Culture O O Division of Integrated Japanese Studies O -  Integrated Japanese Studies O O College of Social Science Political Science and Diplomacy O O O Public Administration O O O Media Communication Division O O -  Journalism and Media Studies O -  Advertising·Public Relations·Branding O -  Broadcasting·Film·New Media O College of Business and Economics International Economics and Law O O O Economics Division O -  Economics O O College of Business Business Administration Division O -  Business Administration O O College of Education English Education O Korean Education O French Education O German Education O Chinese Education O College of AI Convergence Division of Language & AI O -  Language & AI O O Division of Social Science & AI O - Social Science & AI O O Division of  International Studies *Division of International Studies O -  *International Studies O O Division of KFL Division of KFL O -  Korean Education as a Foreign Language O O - Korean Interpretation and Translation as a Foreign Language O O 03 Colleges and Departments (Seoul Campus) College Major Admission Type Freshmen Transfer Sophomore Transfer Junior College of Humanities Philosophy O O O History O O O Linguistics and Cognitive Science O O O College of National Strategic Languages College of National Strategic Languages Polish O O O Romanian O O O Czech and Slovak Studies O O O Hungarian O O O South Slavic Studies O O O Greek and Bulgarian Studies O O O Central Asian Studies O O O African Studies O -  Studies of East African Language & Culture O O -  Studies of West African Language & Culture O O -  Studies of South African Language & Culture O O Ukrainian Studies O O O Korean Studies O O O College of Business and Economics Division of Global Business & Technology O -  Global Business & Technology O O International Finance O O O College of Natural Science Mathematics O O O Statistics O O O Electronic Physics O O O Environmental Science O O O Bioscience and Biotechnology O O O Chemistry O O O College of Engineering College of Engineering Division of Computer Engineering O -  Computer Engineering O O Information Communications Engineering O O O Division of Semiconductor & Electronics Engineering (Semiconductor Engineering) O Division of Semiconductor & Electronics Engineering (Electronics Engineering) O Industrial and Management Engineering O O O Division of Biomedical Engineering O -  Biomedical Engineering Studies O O Ingenium College of Convergence Studies Faculty of Convergence Studies O O O College of Culture & Technology Division of Digital Contents O Division of Tourism & Wellness O Division of Global Sport Industry O -  Global Sport Industry O O -  Global e-Sports Management O O College of AI Convergence Division of AI Data Convergence O - AI Data Convergence O O Division of Finance & AI O -  Finance & AI O O Division of Climate Changes Division of Climate Changes O -  Climate Changes O O ▶ Notice •  Departments not mentioned on the list above (p. 5) are not currently recruiting new students. •  Departments marked with asterisks (*) are English track majors. •  The admission for international students whose both parents are non-Koreans has no fixed enrollment quota, and candidates are selected based on their academic abilities. •  The KFL Division is only available for international students. •  According to College of Education Regulations for Student Enrollment, the acceptance rate of international students cannot exceed 10% of the total admissions quota, nor are transfer applicants eligible to apply (only freshmen can). Therefore, if you apply to the College of Education as your first-choice major, you must also select a second-choice major from a college other than the College of Education. (You cannot apply for the College of Education as both your first and second choice.) •  When applying for transfer admission, you may not select majors within the same department (if the department offers two or more majors) as both your first and second choices. Please make sure to choose your second-choice major from a different department. 03 Colleges and Departments (Global Campus) 06 07 4-I. Eligibility and Academic Requirements Eligibility Academic Requirements Freshman An applicant who is a non-Korean citizen and whose parents also do not have Korean citizenship Completed (or will be completed prior to Admission) primary and secondary school either in or outside Korea Transfer Sophomore Meeting Freshman academic requirements plus: 2 year or 3 year college graduate(expected to graduate) (i.e., Junior college degree) or have completed (or expected to complete) at least 1 year at a 4 year university and have earned (or expected to earn) at least 1/4 of the total credits required for a bachelor's degree. * In the case of a 3 year Accelerated Bachelor's Degree (e.g. UK undergraduate education system), applicants have completed at least 1 year, and have taken more than 1/3 credits for graduation Transfer Junior Meeting the Freshman academic requirements plus: 2 year or 3 year college graduate(expected to graduate) (i.e., Junior college degree) or have completed (or expected to complete) at least 2 years at a 4 year university and have earned (or expected to earn) at least 1/2 of the total credits required for a bachelor's degree. * In the case of a 3 year Accelerated Bachelor's Degree (e.g. UK undergraduate education system), applicants have completed at least 2 years, and have taken more than 2/3 credits for graduation •  A Korean citizen applicant with dual citizenship cannot apply as an international student. •   Both biological parents and/or the current legal guardians must not be holders of Korean citizenship. •   If the applicant and/or parents have renounced Korean citizenship, you must provide official documents (i.e. Certificate of Loss of Korean Citizenship, Family Register Certificate) as evidence that explicitly states the loss of citizenship and its effective date. •   When an applicant's parent(s) with legal custody is remarried to a Korean national, even if the applicant has not been legally adopted by either/both of his or her parents, the applicant will not be eligible to apply as an international student. •   If the submission of one of the parents' documents is not possible (i.e. due to divorce, remarriage, death, etc.), relevant certificates issued by the government confirming such reasons must be submitted. •   The applicant and their parents should have acquired foreign nationality before the applicant entered high school. If the applicant and parents have dual citizenship, they both should have renounced their Korean nationality before the applicant entered high school. •   If the final education credential of a Freshman applicant is from a GED program, domestic or international school qualification exam, home-schooling, cyber learning, language institute programs, etc., it will not be recognized as regular education. Hence, admission through such qualifications is not eligible. •   For transfer applicants whose previous university is a 4-year institution (or a 3-year institution under the British system), if they fail to meet the transfer requirements (credits and semesters) by the time of admission to our university, their acceptance or admission may be revoked even after it has been granted. •   If the university confirms that the applicant is ineligible due to their nationality after acceptance, the admission application will be disqualified and any offer of acceptance will be rescinded. 4-II. Language Proficiency Requirement College/Department Language Proficiency Requirements Korean Track All colleges and departments except English Track <Optional> -  Freshmen & Transfer : You can select one (or more) of the following ①, ②, ③, ④ ①  TOPIK Level 3 or above ②  A certificate of level completion from the Korean Language Center(CKLC) at HUFS ③  A certificate of level completion from a Korean language center at other IEQAS universities* in Korea accredited by the Korean Ministry of Education(중급1 or Level 3 or above) ④  A certificate of completion from the King Sejong Institute (중급 1 or above) English Track A (100% English lectures) International Studies <Optional> -  Freshmen & Transfer : You can select one (or more) of the following ①, ② ①  TOEFL iBT 3.5 or above (59 or above for score reports issued before Jan 20, 2026) ② IEL TS 5.5 or above 04 Eligibility and Requirements English Track B (More than 50% of major courses taught in English) ELL T <Optional> -  Freshmen & Transfer : You may choose to submit either [Korean Track Documents ①, ②, ③, ④] or [English Track A Documents ①, ②]. •  List of IEQAS (International Education Quality Assurance System) universities : https://www.studyinkorea.go.kr > University Search > click on 'Education international competency certification' > Search •  International undergraduate admission students can apply without proof of language proficiency. Those who did not submit language proficiency documents, however, will be required to participate in an interview. •  Language proficiency documents must be valid at the date of application. •  If an applicant selects different language tracks for their first and second-choice majors, they must submit proof of proficiency for both languages. (For example, if an applicant selects an English Track major as their first choice and a Korean Track major as their second choice, submitting only an English proficiency score will result in a Korean interview if they are not admitted to their first choice and do not submit a Korean proficiency score for their second choice.) •  TOEFL iBT MyBest Scores and Home Edition are accepted, but TOEFL ITP results are not accepted. •  IEL TS Academic Band Score and IEL TS Online are accepted, but IEL TS Indicator is not accepted. •  Applicants whose native language or official language is English, or who have completed at least three years of high school or university education in an English-speaking country, are not required to submit an official English proficiency score. However, if they have resided in a non-English-speaking country for more than two years after completing their studies or obtaining their degree, they must submit an official English proficiency score. •  The list of countries where English is considered a native language or an official language is limited to those listed on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Korea, where the language is indicated as English (including legal official languages). •  Applicants must participate in an interview if requested by the department they applied for. •  All student majoring in International Studies must submit a TOPIK score of Level 3 (or higher) to graduate. •  Newly admitted international undergraduate students who require improvement in their Korean proficiency must complete the Intensive Korean Language Program. This program provides up to one year of intensive Korean language Liberal Arts courses. The program consists of a 15-week curriculum designed by the university's Center for Korean Language and Culture (CKLC), totaling 300 instructional hours completed during the semester. Upon successful completion, the course is recognized as undergraduate Liberal Arts credits. (Students who submit a TOPIK or TOPIK IBT score of Level 4 or higher, students admitted to the Division of International Studies, and all transfer students are excluded from this program.) 05 Evaluation Criteria Events Paper Evaluation Language Proficiency Interview Score (100) 30 30 40 •  Applicants are allowed to apply for two majors, even if they are taught at different campuses.. •  There is no recruiting limit on the number of new students (except the College of Education); however applicants will be evaluated on their individual academic ability, aptitude, and language proficiency. •  Paper evaluation will be conducted only for applicants whose applications are 100% complete. Documents will be examined based on the applicant's major suitability, Personal Statement & Study Plan, learning motivation, high school achievements, national college entrance examination scores, recommendation letters, etc. •  Upon request from faculty, an onsite or online personal interview may also be required. •  If an applicant is accepted to both majors they applied for, they will be assigned to their first-choice major. If they are not accepted to their first-choice, they will be assigned to their second-choice major. 08 09 Eligibility Type Amount Minimum Qualifications Number of Beneficiaries Freshmen  & Transfer Students President Full tuition 1 semester - Top 5% Admission score Up to 10 students Vice President Half tuition 1 semester - Top 10% Admission score Up to 10 students Dean of Office of International Affairs 1,000,000 KRW - Top 20% Admission score Up to 10 students HUFS Global A 1,700,000 KRW ※ The amount corresponding to 100% of the tuition for one semester of the regular course at CKLC -  Applicants who have taken at two (or more) sessions in HUFS Center for Korean Language and/or Culture (CKLC) or Foreign Language Training and Testing Center (FL TTC) (When applying, applicants are required to submit the Proof of Tuition Payment) No limit HUFS Global B Half tuition for 1 year - Applicants who have taken two (or more) sessions in HUFS Center for Korean Language and Cultures (CKLC) and/or Foreign Language Training and Testing Center (FL TTC) and -  TOPIK/TOPIK IBT Level 5 or  TOEFL iBT 5.5 (100~109 for score reports issued before Jan 20, 2026) (When applying, applicants are required to submit the Proof of Tuition Payment) HUFS Global Campus 30% tuition for  4 years (freshman)/  2-3 years (transfer) - Global Campus students - Admission score of 80 or above Language Excellence Scholarship A Full tuition 1 semester - TOPIK Level 6 -  TOEFL iBT 6.0 (110~120 for score reports issued before Jan 20, 2026) - IEL TS 8.0~9.0 Language Excellence Scholarship B Half tuition 1 semester - TOPIK Level 5 -  TOEFL iBT 5.5 (100~109 for score reports issued before Jan 20, 2026) - IEL TS 7.0~7.5 Currently Enrolled Students GPA Scholarship KRW 700,000  ~ KRW 1,000,000 -  Completion of at least 12 credits in the previous semester - GPA of 3.5 of aboive in the previous semester Up to 100 students per year Language Excellence Scholarship (TOPIK/TOPIK IBT) KRW 100,000 -  Completion of at least 12 credits in the previous semester - TOPIK/TOPIK IBT Level 4 or above - Students who have received the Language Excellence Scholarship for newly admitted or transfer students are not eligible to apply Applicable one time while enrolled Language Excellence Scholarship (IEL TS, TOEFL iBT) KRW 300,000  ~ KRW 500,000 -  Completion of at least 12 credits in the previous semester -  IEL TS 7.0 or above, or TOEFL iBT 5.5 or above (100 or above for score reports issued before Jan 20, 2026) -  Students who have received the Language Excellence Scholarship for newly admitted or transfer students are not eligible to apply TOPIK Test Fee Support KRW 55,000 - Applicable to TOPIK PBT/IBT test takers Applicable two times max. while enrolled upon meeting the requirements •  Freshmen cannot benefit from more than one scholarship at a time. •  Freshmen can check scholarships through the announcement of final admission. •  Freshmen do not need to apply for scholarships separately since scholarships are evaluated at the time of admission. •  For scholarships regarding language grades, only transcripts submitted during the application period are accepted. 06 Scholarships Events 2026 Fall Admission Note Early Decision Regular Decision Early Admission Results Announcement Mon, April 20, 2026 Mon, June 22, 2026 http://international.hufs.ac.kr or http://oiam.hufs.ac.kr/applyFinal Admission Results Announcement Mon, May 11, 2026 Mon, July 13, 2026 Tuition Payment Period Mon, July 13 - Wed, July 22, 2026 Any Woori Bank branch •  We will not make individual announcements for admissions results; please check the application status on our website. 8-I. Application Documents (Freshman Applicants) Documents Note 1. Application Form Complete the form and print it out from the application website (http://uwayapply.com) 2. Personal Statement & Study Plan Complete the form and print it out from the application website -  Applicants to the Korean Track must write their Personal Statement and Study Plan in Korean, while applicants to the English Track must write them in English. -  If an applicant selects up to a second-choice major, a separate Study Plan must be submitted for each chosen department/major. 3. Official High School Transcripts -  After uploading scanned files on the application website (U-Way), applicants must submit hardcopies of the original documents by registered mail *Principles of submitting academic documents ①  Translation notarization of high school transcript certificate + Apostille documents (or certification from the local Korean Embassy/Consulate) ②  Translation notarization of high school graduation certificate + Apostille documents (or certification from the local Korean Embassy/Consulate) 4. Official High School (Expected) Graduation Certificate 5.Official Certificate of Proficiency in Korean <Optional> -  Korean Track : You can select one (or more) of the following ①, ②, ③, ④  ①  TOPIK Level 3 or above  ②  A certificate of level completion from the Center for Korean Language and Culture(CKLC) at HUFS  ③ A certificate of level completion from a Korean language center at other IEQAS universities* in Korea accredited by the Korean Ministry of Education(중급1 or Level 3 or above)  ④  A certificate of completion from the King Sejong Institute (중급 1 or above) -  After uploading scanned files on the application website (U-Way), applicants must submit hardcopies of the original documents by registered mail 6. Official Certificate of English Language Proficiency <Optional> -  English Track A : You can select one (or more) of the following ①, ② ①  TOEFL iBT 3.5 or above (59 or above for score reports issued before Jan 20, 2026) ② IEL TS 5.5 or above -  English Track B: You may choose to submit either  [5. Korean Track Documents ①, ②, ③, ④] or  [6. English Track A Documents ①, ②]. 7. A copy of the applicant's passport -  Submit a copy of a valid passport. 8. A copy of the applicant's Residence Card (RC) -  Applicants who have had or currently have an Residence Card (RC) should submit a copy 9. A copy of both parents' passports ※ or official documents indicating parents' nationality 08 Application Documents 07 Announcement and Registration 10 11 10.  Official document indicating family relationship between the applicant and their legal parents ※  An official documents that can be identified parent-child relationship * Examples of required official document -  Certificate of Family Relations, Certificate of Birth, Certificate of Family Register, Certificate of Resident Registration, etc. * Applicants who have renounced Korean citizenship -  If the applicant and parents have renounced Korean citizenship, provide official documents (e.g., Certificate of Loss of Korean Citizenship) as evidence. The document should explicitly note the loss of Korean citizenship and its effective date. 11. Financial Certification Complete the form and print it out from the Uway application website (http:// uwayapply.com)12. Agreement for Verification of Academic Records 13.  Letter of Recommendation(s) from your teacher/professor ※ Optional Print the form from the application submission site (U-Way) and fill it out ※ Be sure to submit it in a sealed condition. 14.  Miscellaneous (certificate of completion for CKLC or FL TTC, records of awards, certificates of qualification(s), documents relating to academic proficiency, etc.) -  Submit only if applicable. 8-II. Application Documents (Transfer Applicants) Documents Note 1. Application Form Complete the form and print it out from the application website  (http://uwayapply.com) 2. Personal Statement & Study Plan Complete the form and print it out from the application website -  Applicants to the Korean Track must write their Personal Statement and Study Plan in Korean, while applicants to the English Track must write them in English. -  If an applicant selects up to a second-choice major, a separate Study Plan must be submitted for each chosen department/major. 3. Official High School Graduation Certificate ※  Not required for applicants who have already graduated from or are expected to graduate from a college or university. -  After uploading scanned files on the application website (U-Way), applicants must submit hardcopies of the original documents by registered mail *List of documents for transfer applicants Types of graduation Required documents Graduates or prospective graduates with a 2 or 3 years associate degree or 4 years bachelor's degree Official college/university transcript Official college/university (expected) graduation certificate Applicants who have not yet graduated from a 4-year bachelor's degree program Official High School Graduation Certificate Official university transcript Certificate of enrollment, leave of absence, withdrawal, completion *Principles of submitting academic documents ①  Translation notarization of high school transcript certificate + Apostille documents (or certification from the local Korean Embassy/Consulate) ②  Translation notarization of high school graduation certificate + Apostille documents (or certification from the local Korean Embassy/Consulate) 4. Official University Transcripts 5. Official University (Expected) Graduation Certificate ※  Applicants who have yet graduated from a 4-year bachelor's degree program, a certificate of current enrollment/leave of absence/withdrawal/completion from the last university attended can be submitted as an alternative 6. Transfer College Report Complete the form and print it out from the Uway application website  (http://uwayapply.com) 7. Official Certificate of Proficiency in Korean <Optional> -  Korean Track : You can select one (or more)  of the following ①, ②, ③, ④  ① TOPIK Level 3 or above  ②  A certificate of level completion from the Center for Korean Language and Culture(CKLC) at HUFS  ③  A certificate of level completion from a Korean language center at other IEQAS universities* in Korea accredited by the Korean Ministry of Education(중급1 or Level 3 or above)  ④  A certificate of completion from the King Sejong Institute (중급 1 or above) -   After uploading scanned files on the application website (U-Way), applicants must submit hardcopies of the original documents by registered mail 8. Official Certificate of English Language Proficiency <Optional> -  English Track A : You can select one (or more)  of the following ①, ②  ①  TOEFL iBT 3.5 or above (59 or above for score reports issued before Jan 20, 2026)  ② IEL TS 5.5 or above -  English Track B: You may choose to submit either [7. Korean Track Documents ①, ②, ③, ④] or [8. English Track A Documents ①, ②]. 9. A copy of the applicant's passport -   Submit a copy of a valid passport. 10. A copy of the applicant's Residence Card (RC) -  Applicants who have had or currently have an Residence Card (RC) should submit a copy. 11. A copy of both parents' passports ※ or official documents indicating parents' nationality 12.  Official document indicating family relationship between the applicant and their legal parents ※  An official documents that can be identified parent-child relationship * Examples of required official document -  Certificate of Family Relations, Certificate of Birth, Certificate of Family Register, Certificate of Resident Registration, etc. * Applicants who have renounced Korean citizenship -  If the applicant and parents have renounced Korean citizenship, provide official documents (e.g., Certificate of Loss of Korean Citizenship) as evidence. The document should explicitly note the loss of Korean citizenship and its effective date. 13. Financial Certification Complete the form and print it out from the Uway application website  (http://uwayapply.com)14. Agreement for Verification of Academic Records 15.  Letter of Recommendation(s) from your teacher/professor ※ Optional Print the form from the application submission site (U-Way) and fill it out ※ Be sure to submit it in a sealed condition. 16.  Miscellaneous (certificate of completion for CKLC or FL TTC, records of awards, certificates of qualification(s), documents relating to academic proficiency, etc.) -  Submit only if applicable. •  All submitted documents must be issued within one year from the date of application. •  Documents in languages  other than Korean and English must be translated into Korean or English and must be notarized and submitted by the date of submission. •  Instructions regarding the submission of bank balance certificates will be provided separately to final admitted applicants at a later date. •  If an applicant selects different language tracks for their first and second choices, they must submit proof of proficiency for both languages. (For example, if proof of language proficiency is not submitted, a language evaluation will be conducted during the interview instead. If an applicant submits only an English score, selects the Division of International Studies (English track) as their first choice and the Department of Business Administration (Korean track) as their second choice, and is ultimately assigned to the second-choice department, the interview will be conducted in Korean.) •  If there are any circumstances related to family relationships or nationality (such as divorce, remarriage, single parent, death, or adoption), you must submit official government-issued documents to prove them. For example, divorce certificate, single status certificate, death certificate, adoption certificate, etc. •  You must submit one of the following documents when you submit a certificate of graduation and transcript.  ①  Apostilled documents are needed if the institution is located in a member state that recognizes Apostille Verification (i.e., Hague Convention members).  ②  If the institution is not located in an Apostille Verification member state, the diploma and transcript must be verified by the Korean Embassy/Consulate in the applicant's home country/country of residence.  ③ For individuals who have completed their education in China, it is necessary to submit additional academic and degree certification reports from the 1. Chinese Ministry of Education's Academic Degree Evaluation Center (www.chsi.com.cn) or 2. Degree Authentication Center (http://www.cdgdc.edu.cn), with an apostille (or Embassy/Consulate) verification for their academic qualifications. •  Please refer to the Hague Conference on Private International Law website (www.hcch.net) for information on Apostille authorities by country. •  Due to unavoidable circumstances, applicants who are unable to submit Apostille certifications, consular authentication and/or other supplementary documents during the application period must submit these documents after the Results Announcement. •  All documents must be submitted within the application period. After the deadline, they will not be accepted. •  If prospective graduates or transfer applicants from a 4 year university are accepted, they must submit the final certificate of completion and the transcript to the International Admissions Office before the start of the semester. Failure to submit documents or unable to meet all conditions may result in the cancellation of admission even after acceptance. However, for prospective graduates from high schools located in Japan, the submission of the final degree certificate within one month from the start of the semester will be accepted. 12 13 Application Fee Amount Note Online KRW 158,000 Online payment (uwayapply.com) • The application fee is non-refundable, except in cases where the HUFS Admission Committee determines that admission cannot be realized due to exceptional circumstances such as natural disasters or health problems. • According to Article 34, Section 4, Clause 5 of the Korean Higher Education Act, all application fees will be utilized for processing the applications and any leftover amount will be reimbursed to applicants. Each individual applicant's reimbursement shall be proportionate to the total number of applicants. Content Initial  Semester  Tuition Fee Regular Semester  Tuition Fee Student fee • College of Humanities (Seoul and Global Campus) • College of Business and Economics (Division of Global Business&Technology, International Finance) KRW 4,496,000 KRW 4,298,000 KRW 21,000 • College of Natural Sciences (Mathematics, Statistics, Electronic Physics, Environmental Science, Bioscience and Biotechnology, Chemistry) • Division of Climate Changes KRW 5,129,000 KRW 4,931,000 • College of Engineering (Division of Computer Engineering, Information Communications Engineering, Division of Semiconductor & Electronics Engineering,  Industrial and Management Engineering) • College of AI Convergence (Seoul and Global Campus) • Division of Biomedical Engineering KRW 5,592,000 KRW 5,394,000 • Ingenium College of Convergence Studies KRW 5,339,000 KRW 5,141,000 • College of Culture & Technology (Division of Digital Contents, Division of Tourism & Wellness, Division of Global Sport Industry) KRW 5,360,000 KRW 5,162,000 •  The amount noted above is for 2026 Spring semester and subject to change. The student is expected to pay any differences should the amount increase at the time of tuition payment/registration. ▶ When Applying 1)  Submitted documents will not be modified or returned. 2)  If an applicant is accepted by more than one university, they may only be enrolled in one university at the same time. 3)  Applicants can apply for two majors taught from different departments. 4)  Please enter accurately applicants' or guardians' phone number, email address, and KakaoTalk ID. All announcements will be sent to the email provided during the application process(U-way). The university is not responsible for any disadvantages caused by incorrect contact information. Additionally, please avoid using QQ mail, iCloud mail, Outlook mail to ensure smooth email communication. 09 Application and Tuition Fee ▶ Supporting Documents 1) Please enter all information correctly. Applicants are responsible for all omissions and errors. 2)  All documents must be original. If originals cannot be submitted, copies can be submitted only if the copies are notarized and verified by HUFS OIAM staff. 3)  The name and registration number must be accurately written according to the passport and registration card. Foreign applicants without a registration number should enter write their date of birth in the first six digits, followed by 7000000 for males or 8000000 for females in the remaining digits. 4)  Please write down your phone number and email address correctly in order to receive various emails, updates, and inquiries from the OIAM. 5)  If applying to two majors, a separate study plan must be submitted for each major. The personal statement and study plan must be written using the Hankuk University of Foreign Studies template and can be completed on the application website (U-Way). 6)  The recommendation letter must be written using a standard form provided by HUFS. Download the recommendation form from the application web site. 7)  Admission can be rescinded upon confirmation of any false statements, proxy writing, plagiarism, other illegal acts, academic misconduct, etc. 8)  Applicants cannot change their intended majors once the application is complete and submitted. 9)  The application forms and other supporting documents should be put in an envelope stating the application number, major, and applicant's name, and sent by registered mail or submitted directly to HUFS OIAM. 10)  If an applicant fails to submit any required documents, the application will be disqualified. 11)  Recommendation letters must be original and sealed in an envelope with the recommender's signature. 12)  If the name on any documents is different from the legal name on your passport, the applicant must submit an additional legal document verifying that he or she is the same person with the name used on all application materials. 13)   All the required documents must be submitted during the application period. Late documents will not be accepted. 14)  Due to unavoidable circumstances, applicants who are unable to submit Apostille certifications, consular authentication and/or other supplementary documents during the application period must submit these documents after the Results Announcement. 15)  Submitted documents will not be returned. ▶ Evaluation 1)  If any required documents are missing or an applicant fails to meet any eligibility requirements, the applicant will not be admitted. 2)  Evaluation will be conducted only for applicants who have submitted all the required documents on time. 3)  In the case of overseas residents, applicants must bring their test verification slip and ID card when being interviewed. More information will be announced at a later date for those are required to participate in an interview. 4)  The evaluation details of the admissions process will not be disclosed. 5)  Admission will be rescinded if an applicant fails to graduate from high school, supporting documents are proved false or doctored, or if the applicant has committed other fraudulent actions in relations to their application. In such a case, any tuition paid will not be refunded. However, the student may be eligible for a partial refund if currently enrolled in an ongoing semester. Applicants whose offers of admission are rescinded will not be eligible to apply to HUFS for a period of three consecutive years. 6)  If transfer applicants from a 4 year university (or a 3 year university under the British education system) do not meet the transfer requirements (credits and semesters) by the time of enrollment at our university, their admission may be revoked even after acceptance. In the case of admission cancellation due to such reasons, the tuition fees paid will not be refunded. However, if the semester for which the tuition fee was paid has not yet ended, the refund will be processed according to the refund terms and conditions stipulated in the "Regulations on University Tuition Fees" (Annex 2). ▶ Miscellaneous 1)  Any matters that are not specified in this admissions guide will be governed by the admission procedures and regulations of Hankuk University of Foreign Studies. 2)  Personal information collection and management  -  Personal information will be collected with the consent of the applicant in order to obtain the minimum amount of information necessary for admission. The collected information will not be used for any purpose other than admissions, academic affairs, immigration, and other univeristy purposes in accordance with HUFS regulations.  -  Since HUFS has commissioned the admissions application to the internet-based service provider 'Uway Apply', part of applicants' personal information collection and management is processed by 'Uway Apply'.  -  Personal information items: registration number, passport number, legal name, application number, admission recruitment unit, date of graduation, the name of graduated high school, address and phone number, email address, emergency contact, account number, guardian's name(s) and nationality etc. 10 Additional Notes for All Applicants 14 15 ▶ Tuition Payment • Payment method: Specific Virtual account number (for payment) provided on student's invoice • Amount of tuition:  Amount indicated on the invoice (in the cases of overseas wire transfer,  please keep in mind the additional wire transfer fee[s]) *If the tuition fees change, the additional amount must be paid.  ▶ Certificate of Admission (CoA) • Application method: Fill out the application form after depositing the tuition fee. • Application period: Mon, July 13 - Fri, July 31, 2026 ▶ D-2 Visa •  A student should apply for a D-2 visa at a Korean embassy/consulate in their country of nationality/residence. The Certificate of Admission and Business Registration will be sent individually. •  D-4 visa holders should apply for change of status to a D-2 visa at the local Immigration Office. • Inquiries: E-mail: internationalhufs@hufs.ac.kr Tel: +82-2-2173-2852/2065 •  When applying for and/or changing visa status after being accepted to HUFS: The Korean Embassy or Immigration office will ask for the 'Graduation Certificate' and 'Verification of Deposit (VOD)'. Applicants should also prepare the 'Graduation Certificate' and Verification of Deposit (VOD) after being accepted to the university. •  Preparation of Verification of Deposit (VOD): Applicant's or sponsor's 'Verification of Deposit (VOD) must show a minimum of KRW 20,000,000. 1) The VOD must be issued within one month (30 days) from the date of submission. 2) If the validity period of the bank balance certificate is sufficient, it is considered a valid certificate. 3) In the case of a bank balance certificate issued by a bank in China, the validity period (deposit freezing period) should be in effect for at least 30 days. 4) The sponsor should only be the applicant's parent(s), legal guardian(s), or spouse; any non-parent sponsor must submit official documents certifying the relationship with the applicant. ▶ Health Insurance •  After admission to HUFS, since March, 1, 2021, every student with a degree-seeking visa (D-2) MUST be enrolled in Korea's National Health Insurance system according to the [Enforcement Decree of The National Health Insurance Act] and [Standards for Applying Health Insurance to overseas Residents and Foreigners for Long-term Stays]. The insurance will be valid form the date the student has entered the country. •  If the insurance payment is not confirmed by the due date, there can be restrictions on changing and/or renewing your visa in the future. •  International students can have additional private insurance if desired (private international insurance is not related to mandatory national health insurance enrollment). •  국민건강보험공단(National Health Insurance Service), Website: www.nhis.or.kr, Tel: +82-33-811-2001  ▶ Dormitory Seoul Campus (Global Hall) Global Campus (HUFS Dorm) Address Global Hall, 114 Imun-ro, Dongdaemun-gu, Seoul, Korea (02419) HUFS Dorm, 81 Oedaero, Mohyeon-eup, Cheoin-gu, Yongin-si, Gyeonggi, Korea (17035) Residence Period 6 months 4 months Dormitory Fee 2,502,000 KRW 1,337,000 KRW Application Process 1. Sign up on the dormitory website. 2. Apply during the dormitory application period. 3. Payment instructions will be provided to admitted students. 1.  Admitted students to the Global Campus will receive an email with dormitory application instructions. 2.  Submit the dormitory application form and pay the dormitory fee during the tuition payment period(OIAM). 3. Dormitory admission is confirmed. Website http://www.hufsglobalhall.com/ https://mhdorm.hufs.ac.kr/mhdorm/index.do Contact - Email: edu@hufs.ac.kr - Email: mhdorm@hufs.ac.kr •  Admitted students to the Seoul Campus can only apply for Global Hall, while those admitted to the Global Campus can only apply for HUFS Dorm. •  Students selected for dormitory admission must submit a tuberculosis test certificate. •  For detailed information regarding dormitories, please refer to each dormitory's official website. ▶ Financial Documentation for the Issuance of Certificate of Admission (CoA) • Bank Balance Certificate Category Description Required Document Bank balance certificate issued under the applicant's name or parent's name Issuance Standard Original document issued within 30 days from the visa issuance (or change) application date Required Amount Minimum 20,000,000 KRW Number of Copies 2 copies (Submit 1 copy to the Office of International Admissions and Management; Submit 1 copy to the Korean Embassy or Immigration Office when applying for visa) Notes -  Standards for document issuance may change according to guidelines from the Ministry of Justice Immigration Office. - Additional financial documents may be requested by the Immigration Office or diplomatic missions. -  Bank balance certificates may not be recognized based on interpretations by the Ministry of Justice Immigration Office. ▶ Miscellaneous During the first semester, students cannot take a leave of absence according to HUFS policy. However, in cases of natural disasters, illness, accidents, or other unavoidable circumstances resulting in hospitalization or the school's determination that attendance for the first semester is impossible, a leave of absence for the first semester is possible. 12 About the Office of International Admissions and Management (OIAM) ▶ Address Office of International Admissions & Management Hankuk University of Foreign Studies Historical Archives Building #102 02450, Seoul, Imun-ro 107, Dongdaemun-gu ▶ Contact Information Admission / Visa / Dormitory Inquiries Email internationalhufs@hufs.ac.kr Tel. Korean (02) 2173-2656/2659 English (02) 2173-2852/2065 Chinese (02) 2173-2657/2090 Fax +82-2) 2173-2877 Website (International Undergraduate Admissions Guide)  https://oiam.hufs.ac.kr/apply (Office of International Admissions and Management) http://international.hufs.ac.kr Facebook facebook.com/studyinkorea KakaoTalk @hufsapply YouTube www.youtube.com/@hufsoiam9043 Instagram www.instagram.com/hufs_oiam/ 11 Notes for Admitted Students 16 17