McGill University Fr Undergraduate Admissions Enter your keywords Main navigation Home Apply Programs Why McGill Finances Let's Meet Indigenous students International students Important updates Join our mailing list McGill.CA / Undergraduate Admissions / Apply English language proficiency The language of instruction at McGill University is English. If you don't meet one of the exemptions listed below, you will need to complete an English proficiency test as part of your application. Proof of English proficiency is an important part of the application process for many applicants to McGill. Determine whether or not you need to submit proof of English ahead of time in order to meet our document submission deadlines . The Admissions Office reserves the right to request proof of English proficiency from any applicant (regardless of citizenship, country of origin or first language) at any time during the review process. Applicants who don't need to provide proof of English proficiency If you answer 'yes' to any of the following questions, you do not need to provide proof of English proficiency: Have you lived and attended high school and/or university, for at least four consecutive years, in a country where English is the acknowledged primary language? List of countries where English is the acknowledged primary language American Samoa Gibraltar Singapore Anguilla Grenada Solomon Islands Antigua & Barbuda Guam South Africa Australia Guyana St. Helena Bahamas Ireland St. Kitts & Nevis Barbados Jamaica St. Lucia Belize Kenya St. Vincent & the Grenadines Bermuda Lesotho Tanzania Botswana Liberia Trinidad & Tobago British Virgin Islands Malta Turks & Caicos Islands Canada (including Quebec) Marshall Islands Uganda Cayman Islands Montserrat United Kingdom Dominica Namibia USA Falkland Islands New Zealand US Virgin Islands Fiji Nigeria Zambia Gambia Seychelles Zimbabwe Ghana Sierra Leone Have you completed a DEC at a French CEGEP in Quebec and the Quebec Secondary V diploma? Have you completed a DEC at an English CEGEP in Quebec? Have you completed or will you complete the International French Baccalaureate - (Baccalauréat Français International - BFI) (American or British section), or the previous 'Option Internationale (OIB)'? Have you completed or will you complete an International Baccalaureate (IB) Group 1 English (Language A: Literature, Language A: Language and Literature, or Literature and Performance) with a '5' or better? Have you completed or will you complete English as Language 1 or Language 2 in the European Baccalaureate curriculum (in the Schola Europaea system)? Have you completed or will you complete the British Curriculum A-Level English with a final grade of C or better? Have you completed the British Curriculum GCSE / IGCSE / GCE O-Level English, English Language, English First Language, or English as a Second Language with a final grade of B (or 5) or better? If you answered 'no' to all of the above questions, you will need to provide proof of English language proficiency, even if you: Consider English to be your first language, or Have been attending a school at an accredited in s titution (in a non-English country) where English is the main language of instruction. Acceptable means to demonstrate English proficiency When a test of English proficiency is required, results must come directly from the examining institution to McGill; applicants are not able to upload the results. It is your responsibility to ensure official test results are submitted to McGill. McGill's strong preference is to receive results electronically, directly from the issuing organization, when possible. Note that the Institutional versions of the tests below are not accepted. McGill Certificate of Proficiency in English - Language and Culture or English for Professional Communication or Bilingual Professional Communication Certificate awarded. For further information: School of Continuing Studies website Cambridge C2 Proficiency ( formerly Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE)) Please arrange for electronic results to be sent to McGill directly by Cambridge. Certificate awarded with a Grade C or better. For further information: Cambridge Assessment English website Cambridge C1 Advanced ( formerly Certificate in Advanced English (CAE)) Please arrange for electronic results to be sent to McGill directly by Cambridge. Certificate awarded with a Grade B or better. For further information: Cambridge Assessment English website Canadian Academic English Language Assessment (CAEL) Overall band score of 70 or better; individual component scores of 60 or better. The paper (CAEL-Paper edition), the computer (CAEL-CE) and online (CAEL-ONLINE) tests are accepted. For further information: CAEL website Duolingo English Test (DET) Score of 125 or better (130 for B.Ed. (TESL), B.Com.) (updated September 2022). For further information: englishtest.duolingo.com/ IELTS (International English Language Testing System) - Academic version A band score of 6.5 or better; individual component scores of 6.0 or better. The regular Academic test and the test for UKVI are both accepted. For further information: ielts.org . Note: McGill does not accept the IELTS One Skill Retake Note: McGill accepts only scores submitted electronically by IELTS , and does not accept paper TRFs (Test Report Forms) from test centres or candidates. Please contact the test center where you took the IELTS test and request that your test scores be sent electronically to McGill. You can verify receipt of your results directly in your Applicant Portal; please allow an appropriate delay as McGill receives IELTS results on an ongoing basis. Pearson Test of English - Academic Please arrange for your electronic results to be sent to McGill directly by Pearson. Overall score of 65 or better; individual component scores of 60 or better For further information: PTE Academic website TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) The following table lists the minimum acceptable TOEFL scores for both the previous 120-point scale and the current 6-point scale. Please be advised that score minima can change at any time . Note that, McGill does not use TOEFL's MyBest ™ scores. Undergraduate Program TOEFL: 120-point scale (for tests up to January 20, 2026) TOEFL: 6-point scale (for tests as of January 21, 2026) Education (TESL), Management 100* 5.0* Agricultural and Environmental Sciences (incl. Dietetics & Human Nutrition), Architecture, Arts, B.A. & Sc., Education, Engineering, Nursing, Physical & Occupational Therapy, Religious Studies, Science, Social Work 90* 4.5* * Minimum component scores: Reading: 21 Listening: 21 Writing: 21 Speaking: 21 Reading: 4.5 Listening: 4.5 Writing: 4.5 Speaking: 4.0 Music 79-80 4.0 The TOEFL institutional code at McGill University is 0935-00. For further information: TOEFL website Related Content 1. Decide what to study. 2. Make sure you're eligible. 3. Submit your application. 4. Apply for an entrance scholarship. 5. Submit documents and keep in touch. Looking for help? Consult the Step-by-Step Guide. Step-by-Step Guide Back to top Department and University Information Future Students Unit 3415 rue McTavish McLennan Library Building Montréal QC H3A 0C8 Undergraduate viewbooks Column 1 Visit us Welcome Centre Book a campus tour Join our mailing list Getting to Montreal Column 2 Applying Access your application Step-by-step guide Application support Admissions contacts Column 3 Additional resources For parents For counsellors and advisors Accepted applicants First-year students Terminology guide Instagram Facebook YouTube McGill University Copyright © 2026 McGill University Accessibility Cookie notice Cookie settings Log in