McGill University Fr Undergraduate Admissions Enter your keywords Main navigation Home Apply Programs Why McGill Finances Let's Meet Indigenous students International students Important updates Join our mailing list McGill.CA / Undergraduate Admissions / Apply Estimated dates for release of admission decisions Academic merit and space availability are the key determinants of admission to McGill. The timing of decisions depends on the completeness of the application and supporting documents, the program(s) applied to, as well as any extenuating circumstances claimed. All dates listed are subject to change without prior notice. Applicants are responsible for tracking their applications in the McGill Applicant Portal and uploading/self-reporting/submitting the required documents as soon as possible. Candidates to highly competitive programs may receive decisions later than what is noted below. Estimated dates for release of admission decisions for September 2026 High schools outside the U.S. and Canada Mid-November to mid-May High schools in the U.S. Mid-November to end of April High schools in Canada (except Ontario and Quebec) Mid-January to mid-May High schools in Ontario Mid-February to end of May CEGEPs, French Lycées in Quebec and designated high schools in Quebec End of February to mid-May Transfer, Second degree, Special and Visiting applicants from universities/colleges outside Canada (Canadian and non-Canadian citizens) Mid-February to mid-July Transfer, Second degree, Special and Visiting applicants (Canadian and non-Canadian citizens) from universities/colleges in Canada Mature student applicants Early May to mid-July Exchange student applicants Please consult the McGill Abroad website The above dates apply to applicants to undergraduate programs in Agricultural and Environmental Sciences (including Dietetics and Human Nutrition), Architecture, Arts (including Religious Studies and Social Work), Education, Engineering, Environment, Management, Nursing, Occupational Therapy, Physical Therapy and Science. In general, offers of admission are issued to the most competitive applicants first. All decisions dates are subject to space limitations and work flow and may change without prior notice. The following programs have their own schedules for releasing admission decisions. For details, please refer to the faculty website: Dentistry Law Medicine Music Reconsideration of an admission decision Any applicant who has been denied admission may submit a request for reconsideration to the admissions office that rendered the decision for up to two weeks following the date of decision. Re-evaluations begin in April. Reconsideration is not possible for Special, Visiting, Exchange and University Transfer Applicants. Access the reconsideration form In the McGill Applicant Portal , scroll down to the 'Additional Information' section and click the '+' to expand. Read the instructions carefully and hit the 'Click here' link to access the form. What does that mean? Check out our glossary of commonly used terms. Take me there How do I...? Find answers to your questions in our FAQ. See FAQs Related Content 1. Decide what to study. 2. Make sure you're eligible. 3. Submit your application. 4. Apply for an entrance scholarship. 5. Submit documents and keep in touch. Looking for help? Consult the Step-by-Step Guide. Step-by-Step Guide Back to top Department and University Information Future Students Unit 3415 rue McTavish McLennan Library Building Montréal QC H3A 0C8 Undergraduate viewbooks Column 1 Visit us Welcome Centre Book a campus tour Join our mailing list Getting to Montreal Column 2 Applying Access your application Step-by-step guide Application support Admissions contacts Column 3 Additional resources For parents For counsellors and advisors Accepted applicants First-year students Terminology guide Instagram Facebook YouTube McGill University Copyright © 2026 McGill University Accessibility Cookie notice Cookie settings Log in