McGill University Fr Undergraduate Admissions Enter your keywords Main navigation Home Apply Programs Why McGill Finances Let's Meet Indigenous students International students Important updates Join our mailing list McGill.CA / Undergraduate Admissions International student funding As an international student, various funding sources are available for your first-time undergraduate degree at McGill. Learn more 5 reasons students choose McGill It feels like home Montreal is one of the best student cities in the world. We speak English and French, and you will hear many other languages on campus. This is where you will find your community. Discover Montreal A ton of new friends McGill students come from over 150 countries. You will forge strong connections with the diverse student body and the many extracurricular activities on campus. Find your community A competitive cost The cost of going to McGill is highly competitive - from tuition to affordable living costs in Montreal. Plan ahead and make your transition into life at McGill as smooth as possible. Calculate your cost A gateway to a great career Your McGill degree will create opportunities. Here, you will build your skills and expand your professional network through internships, coop programs and research opportunities. Learn about careers McGill follows you wherever you go As a McGill graduate, you are part of a network of over 325,000 alumni based in more than 180 countries. We provide you with the support and services you need to get the most from your education Alumni Association Become a McGill student Apply Now Hear it from our students Learn from current McGill students about student life, working at McGill, getting involved on campus and other things you can do while living in Montreal and studying at McGill. Watch the playlist How easy is it for International students? 5 easy steps to apply What will it cost? The cost of going to McGill is highly competitive - from tuition to affordable living costs in Montreal. Explore costs Can I get advice? International Student Services can help with things like study permits, immigration and health insurance. Explore our services How's my English? If English isn't an official language in your country, you may need to complete an English proficiency test. English language proficiency Over 300 undergraduate programs available → Find your program Are you ready? Apply now ☛ Need help applying? Visit our FAQ page . Browse the International Student Services page for information on immigration procedures, your health insurance, work permits, and other services available to you. Check the activities available for First-Year Students at McGill. Discover our housing options available for first-year students at both our Downtown and Mac campuses. Follow us for news & updates: Back to top Department and University Information Future Students Unit 3415 rue McTavish McLennan Library Building Montréal QC H3A 0C8 Undergraduate viewbooks Column 1 Visit us Welcome Centre Book a campus tour Join our mailing list Getting to Montreal Column 2 Applying Access your application Step-by-step guide Application support Admissions contacts Column 3 Additional resources For parents For counsellors and advisors Accepted applicants First-year students Terminology guide Instagram Facebook YouTube McGill University Copyright © 2026 McGill University Accessibility Cookie notice Cookie settings Log in