McGill University Fr Undergraduate Admissions Enter your keywords Main navigation Home Apply Programs Why McGill Finances Let's Meet Indigenous students International students Important updates Join our mailing list McGill.CA / Undergraduate Admissions What does it cost to go to McGill? The answer depends on where you're from, what you want to study, and where you choose to live. McGill offers a range of residence options - take a look and see what fits your budget and lifestyle. If you prefer to live off campus, student-friendly Montreal is full of affordable apartments. Calculate your costs Get help with funding We are committed to supporting our students in every way. Maclean's magazine ranks McGill #1 among Canadian universities for the percentage of total operating budget devoted to scholarships and bursaries. McGill offers merit-based entrance scholarships and need-based entrance financial aid , along with other funding programs. All new first-year students are eligible to apply, regardless of their citizenship. Look into funding Work, study, learn Taking on a job while you earn your degree is a great way to gain valuable experience and make room in your budget. Good news for full-time international students! With a valid study permit, you can work off campus as soon as you arrive. For students experiencing financial need, the Work Study program offers on-campus jobs that look great on your CV - and most Work Study gigs don't require French! Get ready to work Back to top Department and University Information Future Students Unit 3415 rue McTavish McLennan Library Building Montréal QC H3A 0C8 Undergraduate viewbooks Column 1 Visit us Welcome Centre Book a campus tour Join our mailing list Getting to Montreal Column 2 Applying Access your application Step-by-step guide Application support Admissions contacts Column 3 Additional resources For parents For counsellors and advisors Accepted applicants First-year students Terminology guide Instagram Facebook YouTube McGill University Copyright © 2026 McGill University Accessibility Cookie notice Cookie settings Log in