November 2023 Guaranteed Tuition Model for International Students McGill changed its tuition model for international Bachelor students in 2022-23. Students enjoy the benefits of a guaranteed, set tuition rate for the duration of their time at McGill, eliminating the unpredictability of year-over-year increases and making it easier to plan ahead. This allows prospective students to know the total cost of tuition for their degree program before committing to McGill. What does this tuition model look like? A tuition guarantee means that a student pays the same tuition rate for the duration of their program. Here are a few quick facts to help break down this model vs traditional models: Tuition guarantee model Traditional tuition model Tuition rate will not change over the duration of the program1 Tuition rate is subject to annual increases over the duration of the program Cost of inflation is built-in to the tuition guarantee Cost of inflation leads to increases to tuition rates year-over-year Tuition rate is based on the year you start your degree program The total cost of your tuition is the same under both models We take the total anticipated cost of your degree and divide it evenly by years of study, eliminating the uncertainty of year-over-year increases to help you budget. A tuition guarantee only applies to the tuition rate you pay; non-tuition charges are subject to an annual indexation factor increase (https://www.mcgill.ca/student-accounts/tuition-fees/non-tuition-charges). What's the advantage? A tuition guarantee eliminates uncertainty when applying and allows students to better budget and plan for their education. Given the economic uncertainty and fluctuating exchange rates that many international students face, a guaranteed tuition rate is beneficial now more than ever. Who benefits from guaranteed tuition? Any international student who:  Began their bachelor's program in Fall 2022 or later; and  Pays international tuition fees Students who started prior to Fall 2022 are unaffected by the new model. A tuition guarantee already existed for international students admitted to the Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Arts & Science degree as of Fall 2020, and the Doctor of Dental Medicine degree as of Fall 2021. 1 As long as there is no break in enrolment of more than 1 term excluding the summer term. Students deemed to have a break in enrolment will be charged the guaranteed tuition rate in effect for newly admitted students in their term of readmission. November 2023 What if I change degrees? A student who transfers into a new degree program will be charged the guaranteed tuition rate in effect for newly admitted students at the time of the transfer.