McGill University Fr Undergraduate Admissions Enter your keywords Main navigation Home Apply Programs Why McGill Finances Let's Meet Indigenous students International students Important updates Join our mailing list McGill.CA / Undergraduate Admissions / Apply Step 5: Submit documents and keep in touch. Submit supporting documents On this page: Additional supporting documents | Track your application We'll tell you which documents we need and when - all you have to do is check your McGill Applicant Portal and your email regularly . Don't forget to: Verify which supporting documents you need Learn how to prepare documents for upload Find out when and how to self-report your grades if you're at an Ontario high school , Canadian high school (outside QC and ON) or U.S. High School Make sure you share your external test results with us It is in the applicant's interest to complete their file as quickly as possible. When program space is limited, preference may be given to applicants who have submitted all required supporting documents/information earlier on. Should a program reach its capacity prior to the 'supporting documents' and/or 'self-reporting' deadline, incomplete applications may be cancelled. Additional supporting documents You'll need to supply additional documents if any of the following apply: You're applying to one of the following: Arts - B.A. Population and Global Health only The Bachelor of Arts in Population and Global Health (BAPGH) of is a 54-credit faculty program administered by the Faculty of Arts in conjunction with the Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences. This program requires two additional supporting documents: A list of non-academic activities Reponses to three (3) essay questions These documents will be submitted via a form accessed through a link in your Applicant Portal , available after you have submitted your application. After you submit your application you will be able to access your Applicant Portal where you will find the links to access the forms to submit these two additional documents. Additional information on this program can be found at mcgill.ca/global-public-health/education/bachelor-arts-faculty-program-population-and-global-health Education Language tests TESL - English test Applicants to the English Second Language (TESL) program who meet academic admission requirements will be required to pass a two-part English proficiency test, or meet the requirements to be exempted, as noted at mcgill.ca/education/programs/bachelors-minors/b-ed/bachelor-education-teaching-english-second-language-elementary-and-secondary TESL Greek Language and Culture - Greek test Applicants to the English Second Language Teaching Greek Language and Culture program who meet academic admission requirements will be required to pass a Greek proficiency test, or meet the requirements to be exempted, as noted at mcgill.ca/education/programs/bachelors-minors/b-ed/bachelor-education-tesl-elementary-and-secondaryteaching-greek-language-culture Kindergarten/Elementary Pédagogie de l'immersion française - French test Applicants to the Kindergarten/Elementary Pédagogie de l'immersion française program who meet academic admission requirements will be required to pass a French proficiency test, or meet the requirements to be exempted, as noted at mcgill.ca/education/programs/bachelors-minors/b-ed/bachelor-education-kindergarten-and-elementary-pedagogie-de-limmersion-francaise Applicants to the following programs must also pass a language test. Note: The language test or proof or exemption must be submitted before an admission decision can be made. Mature Applicants - interview Mature applicants to any Education program whose applications pass initial review will be contacted for an interview. Judicial Record Verification Please consult the Faculty of Education's website for important information regarding judicial record verification. Engineering - Global Engineering only The Global Engineering program, jointly offered by McGill University and CentraleSupélec (France), requires ( starting with applications for September 2026 ) that an application be completed and submitted to McGill only. Applications will be reviewed by both universities. Supporting documents required for the review of your application for admission to McGill must be uploaded via your Applicant Portal . It is in your best interest to complete your file as quickly as possible. We strongly recommend that you submit your personal statement within one week of applying. Personal statement As part of the universities' application process, you are required to submit a personal statement detailing why you have chosen to apply to the Bachelor of Global Engineering (BGE) program. The personal statement allows you to showcase your personality, motivations, and goals, and how pursuing the BGE aligns with them. Your statement may also outline how your academic background and extracurricular pursuits have prepared you for this opportunity. Your personal statement should be authentic, well-organized and should reflect your unique voice and perspective. Your personal statement must be: Written in English No more than two pages in length, single spaced. Interview Once your application has been reviewed, you may be invited to a one-on-one interview to discuss your motivation and suitability for the program. This interview will be conducted via video link. Additional information can be found on the CentraleSupélec website or by consulting: centralesupelec.fr/en/sites/default/files/2024-10/beng_ge_individual_interview_2025.pdf Dietetics Proof of French Proficiency For more information, please consult the following page: French proficiency Music Additional supporting documents and an audition are required. Please consult the Schulich School of Music website . Nursing Proof of French proficiency (for applicants to the B.Sc.(N), only) For more information, please consult the following page: French Proficiency Mandatory Immunizations Please consult the Ingram School of Nursing's website for important information regarding mandatory immunizations. Physical & Occupational Therapy Casper Test Applicants to the B.Sc. Rehabilitation Science (Occupational Therapy and/or Physical Therapy) are required to complete an online assessment called the CASPer test (Canadian Professional Health Sciences), as a component of the selection process.(Occupational Therapy and/or Physical Therapy) are required to complete an online assessment called the CASPer test (Canadian Professional Health Sciences), as a component of the selection process. For a full list of test dates, please consult the CASPer website . It is important that you take the test in the language you are most comfortable expressing yourself. Your CASPer test results will be sent electronically to McGill. Please ensure that you include McGill on your CASPer distribution list . The CASPer 'Snapshot' (an extension of the CASPer Test) is NOT required for applicants to this program. Note: you are strongly encouraged to register for your test at least three days before your preferred test date. Last minute bookings are not recommended. Proof of French Proficiency For more information, please consult the following page: French Proficiency Religious Studies Additional supporting documents are required. Please consult the School of Religious Studies website . Social Work The School of Social Work encourages applications from Indigenous people, people with disabilities, racialized people, gender non-conforming and LGBTQ+ people, women, people from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, and others who may face systemic barriers that impact their access to education. We invite applicants to share self-identifying and contextualizing information in their admission application in the Personal Statement or other required supporting documents. If applying to the School of Social Work, you must submit: The completed "Social Work Written Submission", available at mcgill.ca/socialwork/prospective/bsw/formsmanuals . All sections must be completed and then uploaded to your McGill Applicant Portal under checklist item "Social Work Written Submission". Two social work-related confidential letters of recommendation from individuals who have direct knowledge of your performance in a helping capacity or your potential in the field of social work. When you fill out your application for admission in the McGill Applicant Portal , you will be asked to enter the contact information for your referees. In doing so, the referees will receive an automated email with additional instructions. They will be asked to submit their letter within ten working days. Referees should address: How long and in what capacity has the referee known you? What were your responsibilities or roles as delineated by the referee? What are your strengths and limitations in a professional program in social work from the referee's perspective? Mandatory Immunizations Please consult the School of Social Work's website for information regarding mandatory immunizations for admitted students. You are required to submit: Proof of English proficiency All applicants (unless exempt) must demonstrate the required level of English proficiency prior to admission to McGill, regardless of citizenship status or country of origin. Consult Proof of English proficiency for exemptions, accepted certificates/exams and submission instructions. Proof of French proficiency The language of instruction at McGill University is English. However, certain McGill programs include a mandatory internship, or 'stage', which will be completed in a hospital, clinic, social service centre, or school setting where the ability to communicate proficiently in French is essential. Consult Proof of French proficiency for exemptions, accepted certificates/exams and submission instructions. You would like to declare: Extenuating circumstances The opportunity to declare 'Extenuating circumstances' in the application is provided to support students who may have experienced difficulties that negatively impacted their academic results during a limited period of time. The impact on academic performance during the period claimed, and the demonstrated academic performance both prior to and following the time period of the circumstances, will be considered. Extenuating circumstances could include: significant medical, personal, or learning difficulties, the grave illness or death of someone close to you, a significant family move during the school year, or involvement in training for high-level athletics or performing arts. Note that Covid-19 related academic challenges (such as a revised grading scheme, decrease in marks, etc.) alone are not eligible as grounds for extenuating circumstances . To report extenuating circumstances, you must: 1. When completing your application, check "yes" in the box for extenuating circumstances (in the 'Additional Information' section). Note that in rare instances, an admission decision could be slightly delayed if additional documentation is required. 2. After you have submitted your application and paid the application fee, access your McGill Applicant Portal and upload a personal statement ( maximum one page ) describing: the nature and chronology of the circumstances, the impact of the circumstances on your academic record You may include additional documentation ( maximum two pages ) to substantiate your statement such as a letter or summary from a physician, school counsellor, or other individual with knowledge of your circumstances. Notes: Do not submit multi-page reports or photographs , or reports containing the personal information of other individuals. If additional details are required, they will be requested from you following initial review of your application. All documents must be uploaded together to the same checklist item. Be sure that you have included everything as you will not be able to upload a new version or additional documents after the initial upload. The additional information you provide will be taken into consideration along with your academic record. Please bear in mind that admission to McGill is highly competitive for all, including for applicants claiming extenuating circumstances. You are applying for a: Major scholarship or financial aid You will need to submit a separate application (via the McGill Applicant Portal ) and submit additional supporting documents to be considered for Major Scholarship. Consult Scholarships and Student Aid Track your application Once you have submitted your application you will be able to track the status of your application in your McGill Applicant Portal . Use the Applicant Portal to: Upload your documents (if required) Verify that your documents have been received (you'll see a received date next to the item in the checklist) See if additional documents have been requested by an admissions officer Fill out an application for a merit based Entrance Scholarship. View the decision that has been made on your application It's important to check your McGill Applicant Portal regularly as it is your responsibility to verify your status and ensure the completion of your application. Note that applications that are incomplete after the document deadlines can be cancelled. When to expect a decision The timing of when you receive an answer depends on several factors, including the completion of your application, supporting documents and the program(s) you applied to. Keep in mind that it could take months before you receive a decision. Check decision dates Related Content 1. Decide what to study. 2. Make sure you're eligible. 3. Submit your application. 4. Apply for an entrance scholarship. 5. Submit documents and keep in touch. Looking for help? Consult the Step-by-Step Guide. Step-by-Step Guide Back to top Department and University Information Future Students Unit 3415 rue McTavish McLennan Library Building Montréal QC H3A 0C8 Undergraduate viewbooks Column 1 Visit us Welcome Centre Book a campus tour Join our mailing list Getting to Montreal Column 2 Applying Access your application Step-by-step guide Application support Admissions contacts Column 3 Additional resources For parents For counsellors and advisors Accepted applicants First-year students Terminology guide Instagram Facebook YouTube McGill University Copyright © 2026 McGill University Accessibility Cookie notice Cookie settings Log in