1 of 6 CRICOS PROVIDER CODE 00099F | TEQSA PROVIDER CODE PRV12060 | INTERNATIONAL APPLICATION FORM | 400_032 SEPTEMBER 2026 International Student Undergraduate Application Form University of Technology Sydney Do NOT use this form if you are a citizen of Australia or New Zealand or a permanent resident of Australia. A$100.00 APPLICATION FEE 1. COURSE PREFERENCES First choice UTS course code Second choice UTS course code When do you wish to begin your studies? Autumn session (February) Spring session (July) Summer session (November)* Year OFFICE USE ONL Y * Note: Summer session only available for some courses. For more information about our Summer session intake dates, please visit: uts.edu.au/study/international/essential-information/summer-session OFFICE USE ONL Y Application number Course code Receipt number 2. PERSONAL DETAILS (AS SHOWN ON YOUR PASSPORT) Title (Mr, Mrs, Ms, Mx) Family name/surname Given names Previous name (if applicable) Date of birth / / Gender £Male/Man £Female/Woman £Non-Binary £Different Term £Prefer not to answer Marital Status: £ Single £ Married £ De facto £ Divorced £ Widowed Your address in your home country (Must not be an Australian address) Postcode/Zip code Tel Country code Area code Number Mobile Country code Area code Number Email (You must provide your email address) Your address for correspondence (or UTS representative company stamp) Postcode/Zip code Tel Country code Area code Number Mobile Country code Area code Number Email (You must provide your email address) 2 of 6 CRICOS PROVIDER CODE 00099F | TEQSA PROVIDER CODE PRV12060 | INTERNATIONAL APPLICATION FORM | 400_032 SEPTEMBER 2026 3. VISA AND STUDY DETAILS Country of citizenship Passport number Country of birth Country of permanent residency Are you already in Australia? £ No £ Yes Æ Visa type Visa expiry date (day/month/year) / / Year of entry into Australia Please attached a copy of your visa with your application form. Are you currently enrolled in an Australian institution? £ No £ Yes Æ Name of institution Have you previously applied to study at UTS? £ No £ Yes Æ Application number Are you currently enrolled at UTS? £ No £ Yes Æ Student number Main language spoken at home: Post-secondary studies £ No £ Yes Æ List below all the courses you have/are enrolled in: Course Institution and country/state Duration (number of years) Date awarded/completed (day/month/year) / / Course Institution and country/state Duration (number of years) Date awarded/completed (day/month/year) / / Course Institution and country/state Duration (number of years) Date awarded/completed (day/month/year) / / Do you expect to obtain a qualification this year? £ No £ Yes Æ Qualification Institution Country Have you ever been excluded (or are you facing exclusion) from a course on academic or other grounds? £ No £ Yes Æ Please attach the details of your exclusion to this application. 4. EDUCATION DETAILS Secondary school studies: List all attempts at final Secondary Examination Name of examination (e.g. GCA 'A' Levels, HSC, STPM)Institution and country/state Date (day/month/year) / / Result Name of examination (e.g. GCA 'A' Levels, HSC, STPM)Institution and country/state Date (day/month/year) / / Result Name of examination (e.g. GCA 'A' Levels, HSC, STPM)Institution and country/state Date (day/month/year) / / Result 5. ENGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY Is English your first language? £ No £ Yes If no, what is your first language? Have you studied in English? £ No £ Yes Æ At what level? Have you studied English at one of the following? £ AEC £ ACET £ UIC £ IEN £ SILC £ EIC £ Other Please specify Have you taken an English Test? £ No £ Yes Æ Name of test (e.g. IELTS, TOEFL, PTE) Date of test (day/month/year) / / Place Test score If yes, please attach a certified copy of your results. 3 of 6 CRICOS PROVIDER CODE 00099F | TEQSA PROVIDER CODE PRV12060 | INTERNATIONAL APPLICATION FORM | 400_032 SEPTEMBER 2026 6. RECOGNITION OF PRIOR LEARNING (RPL) Are you seeking recognition of prior learning for subjects from previous post secondary study? £ No £ Yes Æ If yes, please fill out the application form for recognition of prior learning (refer to: uts.edu.au/for-students/admissions-entry/recognition-of-prior-learning) and include a copy of official subject descriptions. 8. SPONSORSHIP INFORMATION (SPONSORED APPLICANTS ONL Y) Do you already have a sponsor/scholarship from an organisation or government? £ No (Go to 9) £ Yes (Please complete Part A) If you do not have a sponsor/scholarship, do you intend to apply for a scholarship? £ No (Go to 9) £ Yes (Please complete Part A) Part A Sponsor/scholarship name Sponsor mailing address Sponsor contact person Sponsor telephone Sponsor email Important: If your sponsor fails to fulfil their financial obligations, you will be liable for any outstanding fees, charges, debts or any other specified amount properly incurred. See Student Rules 4.1.1 and 4.2.3 Please attach copies of letter of guarantee documents from your sponsor (if available). 7. EDUCATION ACCESS AND INCLUSION REQUIREMENTS Do you have a disability, learning need or health issue that may require reasonable adjustments to your learning environment? £ No £ Yes Æ If yes, you will be requested to contact UTS Accessibility Services (accessibility@uts.edu.au) to discuss your requirements. 9. PATHWAY PREFERENCE (APPLICANTS WHO WISH TO BE CONSIDERED FOR A UTS COLLEGE PATHWAY) If you do not meet the minimum academic or English language requirements for direct entry into a UTS undergraduate degree, you can package a UTS Foundation Studies, UTS College Diploma Program or English Program as a pathway to your UTS degree preference. Please refer to the UTS College website (utscollege.edu.au/programs) to find details of these pathway options, including course names, CRICOS codes, commencement dates, duration and course fees. Part A: Consent for referral to UTS College If you do not meet the UTS entry requirements, do you provide consent to UTS to forward your application to UTS College? UTS College will contact you if there is a suitable pathway program to UTS. £ Yes, I agree. Please forward my application to UTS College. I wish to apply for a pathway program. £ No, I do not want my application to be referred to UTS College Part B: Health Cover (Pathway applicants only) Do you have Overseas Student Health Cover? (OSHC) £ No £ Yes Æ Provider Membership number 10. HOW DID YOU HEAR ABOUT UTS? How did you find out about UTS? £ Education exhibition £ Magazine or newspaper £ Friend or relative £ Digital/online advertisement £ UTS event £ UTS representative/agent Agent's name £ Internet search Internet search engine name £ Social media Social media channel Which factors were most important in your decision to apply to study at UTS? £ Recommendation £ Location £ Course £ Cost of living £ Program fees £ Professional teaching £ Other Please specify 4 of 6 CRICOS PROVIDER CODE 00099F | TEQSA PROVIDER CODE PRV12060 | INTERNATIONAL APPLICATION FORM | 400_032 SEPTEMBER 2026 11. VISA REFUSAL Have you or any person(s) included (or intended to be included) in your student visa application or any other family member previously had a visa application rejected or cancelled or have you/they overstayed your/their visit in Australia or any other country? £ No £ Yes Æ If 'Yes' please attach all the relevant documentation. 12. DECLARATION AND SIGNATURE (ALL APPLICANTS TO COMPLETE) Please sign the following declaration. This application form MUST be signed by the applicant. I agree: 1. To abide by the rules of admission, enrolment and progression of UTS. Visit: uts.edu.au/about/leadershipgovernance/governance/rules/ student-rules I declare that: 1. All the information and supporting documents provided with this application are true and correct and I will inform UTS immediately of any changes to the information I have given; 2. I have accessed sufficient information to understand the structure and content of this course; 3. I have access to sufficient funds to cover tuition fee payments, non-tuition fee payments, living expenses and other related expenses incurred by me and my dependants during my enrolment at UTS; 4. I have personally signed this form. I understand that: 1. UTS may check the Australian Government's Visa Entitlement Verification Online (VEVO) system to check my visa details; 2. UTS may obtain verification/official records from any institution that maintains my academic record and/or that I have previously attended; 3. All documents submitted with this application become the property of UTS and will not be returned; 4. In order to be admitted to the University I must meet the academic and English language requirements set by UTS and the Genuine Student (GS) criteria set by the Department of Home Affairs. For information about the GS criteria please visit: immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/visas/getting-a-visa/visa-listing/student-500/genuine-student-requirement 5. UTS reserves the right to cancel my offer and acceptance if it is not satisfied that I meet the GS requirements set by the Department of Home Affairs and/or I am unable to obtain or maintain a student visa; 6. I am fully responsible for my educational and living expenses (tuition fees, non-tuition fees and any other expenses) related to the study of this course/s; 7. Tuition fees, non-tuition fees and the Student Services and Amenities Fee (SSAF) increase from year to year, and I accept that it is my responsibility to pay the increased fees as required; 8. If I wish to transfer to another provider, I will need to be enrolled at UTS for a minimum period of 6 months before I can request a transfer to another provider; 9. UTS will not be responsible for any tuition fee and non-tuition fee payments, living expenses or other related expenses incurred by me during my enrolment at UTS; 10. In the event that false, inaccurate and/or misleading information is provided to UTS and/or the Department of Home Affairs, UTS reserves the right to cancel my application and/or offer and/or enrolment at any time and apply the refund protocol as appropriate. For more information go to: uts.edu.au/study/international/essential-information/ fees-information 11. If I fail to pay my tuition fees and/or non-tuition fee payments UTS will cancel my enrolment; 12. If I intend to bring school-aged dependants to Australia, I will be required to pay full fees if they are enrolled in either a government or non-government school; 13. The personal information collected on this form and during my enrolment at UTS may be disclosed to the Australian Government and designated authorities where required for compliance with the Education Services for Overseas Students Act 2000 (Cth) and associated legislation with which UTS must comply; 14. If I am a sponsored student, the personal information collected by UTS, including academic progress, results, attendance or financial standing, will be disclosed to my sponsor, embassy, cultural mission or any third party appointed by my sponsor, embassy and/or cultural mission; 15. While on a student visa I am required to inform UTS of any change to my contact details, including changes to my residential address, mobile telephone number, emergency contact details or email address within 7 days; 16. If I am or become personally prohibited under any Federal legislation or regulation from commencing or continuing my enrolment in the above course at UTS or any part of that course, UTS reserves the right to withdraw this offer and/or cancel my enrolment in the course or relevant part of that course and retain all fees paid; and 17. I understand and accept that the A$100 application fee is non-refundable and will not constitute part of my tuition fees and/or non-tuition fee payments. 18. My information will be managed in accordance with the Student Privacy Notice: uts.edu.au/for-students/shortcourses-microcredentials/student-privacy-notice Your signature Date (day/month/year) / / For students under the age of 18, a parent's or legal guardian's signature is required. Print name Parent/legal guardian's signature (as per passport) Date (day/month/year) / / 5 of 6 CRICOS PROVIDER CODE 00099F | TEQSA PROVIDER CODE PRV12060 | INTERNATIONAL APPLICATION FORM | 400_032 SEPTEMBER 2026 13. DECLARATION AND SIGNATURE (FOR STUDENTS WISHING TO BE CONSIDERED OR APPL YING FOR PATHWAY PROGRAMS) Please sign the following declaration if you wish to be considered for a UTS College pathway program. 1. UTS College collects personal information for the purpose of student recruitment, administration and as required or authorised by law, which may be disclosed to UTS, government departments and other authorised third parties. We may also contact you from time to time to ask for your feedback on our programs and level of service. 2. The UTS College Privacy Policy is available on the UTS College website and contains information about how to access and correct personal information and make privacy complaints, and how UTS College deals with those complaints. Please note that your personal information will be collected and used by UTS College in accordance with their privacy policy, which can be viewed at: utscollege.edu.au/Privacy-Policy 3. All the information and supporting documents provided with this application are true and correct. I will inform UTS College immediately of any changes to the information I have given. 4. I have not previously had an Australian visa cancelled or an Australian visa application rejected. 5. I authorise UTS College to have access to the Visa Entitlement Verification Online (VEVO) system to check my visa details. Print name Student's signature (as per passport) Date (day/month/year) / / For students under the age of 18, a parent's or legal guardian's signature is required. Print name Parent/legal guardian's signature (as per passport) Date (day/month/year) / / 14. AGENT DECLARATION AND SIGNATURE This declaration must be signed by: A representative who has an Agent Agreement with UTS; OR Agent Agreement with both UTS and UTS College. I declare that: 1. I have conducted all relevant checks to ensure the applicant is a genuine student and intends to abide by the conditions of the student visa; 2. I have provided the applicant (and any dependants) with sufficient information relating to the entire course(s) of study at UTS College and UTS (including tuition and other fees, health cover, living expenses, etc.); 3. I have verified the authenticity of the attached documents by reviewing the original documents presented by the applicant; 4. I have retained copies of all financial and academic documents used in the assessment of the applicant; 5. The applicant understands and agrees to the UTS and UTS College application terms and conditions available on our respective websites; and 6. All information provided in this application is true and correct. Name of Agent/Counsellor Company Agent's signature Date (day/month/year) / / Email address REPRESENTATIVE'S STAMP 15. PAYMENT OF UTS APPLICATION FEE You are required to pay a A$100 non-refundable application fee. To make the payment via our secure payment site visit: uts.edu.au/internationaladmissionpayments After your payment has been approved you must print a (pdf) copy of the tax invoice and submit it together with your application. 6 of 6 CRICOS PROVIDER CODE 00099F | TEQSA PROVIDER CODE PRV12060 | INTERNATIONAL APPLICATION FORM | 400_032 SEPTEMBER 2026 17. SEND APPLICATION TO Manager, International Admissions UTS International University of Technology Sydney PO Box 123, Broadway NSW 2007 AUSTRALIA Tel: 61 2 9514 1531 Fax: 61 2 9514 1530 Enquiries: international@uts.edu.au Web: international.uts.edu.au UTS will acknowledge receipt of your application by email. Note: - Admission to courses at UTS is competitive - This application is not an enrolment form, and does not guarantee admission Certified copies of supporting documentation UTS will only accept copies certified by employees from specific organisations. For more information, please visit 'Apply to UTS as an international student': uts.edu.au/for-students/ admissions-entry/how-to-apply/internationalapplicants CLOSING DATES FOR COURSEWORK APPLICATIONS Autumn session (February start) Applicants based outside Australia: 30 November Applicants based in Australia: 15 December Spring session (July start) Applicants based outside Australia: 30 April Applicants based in Australia: 15 June Summer session (November start) Applicants based outside Australia: 30 August Applicants based in Australia: 30 September AN INCOMPLETE APPLICATION WILL DELAY PROCESSING. LATE APPLICATIONS MAY NOT BE ACCEPTED. 16. CHECKLIST Have you: Completed all sections of this application? Attached a certified copy of your RPL details? (if applicable) Attached a bankdraft or copy (PDF) of the tax invoice (proof of payment) of A$100 for the non-refundable application fee? Attached a supporting statement and/or portfolio? (if applicable) Attached a certified copy of your passport? Attached a certified copy of your visa? (if applicable) Attached details of English language proficiency? Attached copies of letter of guarantee documents from your sponsor? (if applicable) Attached a certified copy of qualifications including academic transcripts? Attached details of any exclusions from an institution on academic or other grounds? (if applicable) Attached a certified official translation of any document not in English? Attached a copy of your medical statement? (if applicable)