Skip to main content Cornell University Cornell University Office of Undergraduate Admissions Applicant Portal Policies Request Information FAQs Contact Us Open Search Search: Close Search Toggle Search Close Search Search Search: Search Toggle Main Menu Close Menu How to Apply Expand Menu First-Year Applicants Expand Menu QuestBridge Applicants Transfer Applicants Applying as a Veteran Visit & Connect Expand Menu Plan Your Campus Visit Visit Virtually College Counseling Partners Academics Expand Menu Colleges, Schools, and Academic Areas of Interest Expand Menu Preparing for Pre-professional Fields Majors Minors Experiential Learning Cornell Commitment Community & Belonging Expand Menu Cornell's Community Expand Menu Meet Cornellians Community Blog The Cornell Experience Belonging & Inclusion Health & Wellness Residential Life & Dining Standardized Testing Policy Breadcrumb Home Policies Standardized Testing Policy Cornell has reinstituted standardized testing requirements for first-year students seeking undergraduate admission. After a multi-year study conducted by the university's Task Force on Standardized Testing in Admissions, data showed that when reviewed in context with other application materials-such as GPA, academic rigor, extracurricular engagement, essays, and letters of recommendation-test scores help to create a more complete picture of an individual applicant. Cornell considers all applicants holistically , which means we look at all the elements of an application during our review. First-year Applicants First-year applicants are required to submit the SAT or ACT scores when applying to Cornell. Applicants may self-report test scores* on the testing section of the Common Application or through their Cornell Applicant Portal after applying. Applicants are strongly encouraged to double check the accuracy of all self-reported scores. *Recruited athletes must submit official test scores (i.e., sent from the testing agency) during the application process. Enrolling students are required to provide official scores from the testing agency for self-reported SAT and/or ACT scores. Failure to verify self-reported scores with official scores may result in the revocation of a student's offer of admission. For the SAT, Cornell considers the highest section scores across test dates and participates in the College Board Score Choice program. For the ACT, Cornell will consider the ACT-provided superscore and the highest sections scores across all test dates. Be sure to use the superscore option when sending official scores. The science section of the ACT is not required. Cornell's SAT code is 2098, and our ACT code is 2726. Transfer Applicants SAT or ACT scores are neither required nor expected for transfer applicants. English Language Proficiency (ELP) All Cornell students must have a strong command of the English language to be successful in their engagement in their university studies. English proficiency can be demonstrated by one of the following methods: You are a U.S. Citizen/Permanent Resident. English is your native language. English has been the primary language of instruction for the past four years. Applicants who do not meet one of these criteria are required to submit an English proficiency exam score. Accepted exams and score requirements to be most competitive in our admissions review process include: TOEFL exams taken prior to January 2026: minimum score of 100 TOEFL exams taken January 2026 or later: minimum score of 5.0, recommended score of 5.5 IELTS, minimum score of 7.5 Duolingo English Test, minimum score of 130 Cambridge C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency, minimum score of 191 We will accept self-reported scores from the Common Application. You may also self-report new or updated scores on Cornell's English Language Proficiency Form, which will be available in your applicant portal once you become an applicant. Enrolling students are required to provide official test scores sent from the testing agency. Top Enrollment Resources Admissions Expand Menu How to Apply Financial Aid Expand Menu Office of Financial Aid Registrar Expand Menu Office of the Registrar Still need help? Look at the Frequently Asked Questions , or contact us . Cornell University Office of Undergraduate Admissions 410 Thurston Avenue; Ithaca, NY 14850 | Phone: +1(607)255-5241 | engage@admissions.cornell.edu Office Hours: Monday-Friday 8:00 AM-4:30 PM Connect Instagram YouTube Enrollment Admissions Financial Aid Registrar Student Employment University Resources Annual Fire Safety Report Web Accessibility Assistance Annual Security Report Equal Education & Employment Land Acknowledgment Privacy