Skip to main content Close Federal Student Loan Updates: What You Need to Know The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBB) makes significant changes to federal student loans, starting July 1, 2026. Learn More Cornell Office of Financial Aid Check Application Status Forms Resources Open Search Search: Close Search Toggle Search Close Search Search Search: Search Priority Menu Apply for Aid Cost to Attend Types of Aid Toggle Main Menu Close Menu Toggle Dark Mode Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Overview First-Year and Transfer Students - U.S. First-Year and Transfer Students - International Continuing U.S. Students Continuing International or Undocumented Students Summer/Winter Session Graduate Students Cost to Attend Cost to Attend Overview Cornell's Commitment to Access and Affordability Financial Aid Calculators Financial Aid Eligibility Types of Aid Types of Aid Overview Grants and Scholarships Cornell Grants and Endowed Scholarships Work-Study Loans Special Circumstances Special Circumstances Overview Financial Aid Appeals Family Circumstances Cost of Attendance Increases Residence Hall Positions Living Off-Campus Study Abroad/Off-Campus Programs Consortium Agreements Emergency Funds Resources Resources Overview Consumer Information Course Repeats and Financial Aid Eligibility Eligible U.S. Citizenship Status, Eligible Non-Citizens, Undocumented Students Federal Satisfactory Academic Progress Federal Student Financial Aid Penalties for Drug Law Violations FAFSA Verification Leaves and Withdrawals Student Loan Code of Conduct New York State Tuition Assistance Program (TAP) Satisfactory Academic Progress Prorated Tuition Student Rights and Responsibilities Tax Withholding Veterans Education Benefits Consent to Release Student Information Forms Forms Overview Dependency Override Request Form Federal Parent PLUS Loan Graduate PLUS Federal Loan Request Identity/Statement of Educational Purpose Noncustodial Parent CSS Profile Waiver Request Tax Non-filer Statements Financial Aid Eligibility Breadcrumb Home Cost To Attend Financial Aid Eligibility The amount of financial assistance a family needs each year is determined by the following formula: Estimated Cost to Attend Cornell's estimated cost of attendance includes amounts a typical full-time undergraduate student may expect for a traditional academic year (Fall and Spring), before financial aid. The estimated cost of attendance is used to determine your eligibility for need-based grant and scholarship aid. Your actual costs to attend may vary. Your estimated cost of attendance for financial aid only includes mandatory fees charged to all students. Fees not charged to all students are excluded - for example, optional course fees, gym memberships, premium on-campus or off-campus housing options, and the cost of the Cornell Student Health Insurance Plan (SHP). Need-based grant or scholarship aid is not available for these costs. Tuition, Fees, and other components of Cornell's estimated cost of attendance are subject to approval by the Cornell Board of Trustees or applicable governance bodies, typically in the Spring semester for the upcoming academic year. View current estimated costs to attend Family Contribution Your Cornell expected family contribution is an estimate of your family's "out-of-pocket" costs for the academic year. Your expected family contribution is determined annually using information from your CSS Profile and other documents such as tax forms, tax schedules, and W-2 forms. Cornell considers both income and assets in our calculations. Your expected family contribution includes both student and parent contributions. Income, assets, family size, and the number of children enrolled in college (undergraduates only, at least part-time) are all considered when calculating your expected family contribution. If parents are separated or not married, Cornell reviews each parent's financial information. Both parents are expected to contribute, and that expectation continues throughout your undergraduate years. Sometimes, unusual or unique family situations impact whether or how much parent financial information is required on your financial aid application(s). If your family situation is unusual or has changed recently, we encourage you to reach out to a Cornell financial aid professional to discuss your situation confidentially. Learn more about special or unusual circumstances Financial Need Your financial need for each academic year equals your estimated cost of attendance, minus your expected family contribution. Cornell meets 100 percent of admitted undergraduates' demonstrated financial need with annual aid offers that include Cornell grants and scholarships, federal and state grants and scholarships (gift aid that does not have to be repaid), work-study (self-help aid that must be earned), and reasonable student loans (self-help aid that must be repaid), depending on your total family income. Learn more about types of financial aid Top Financial Aid Resources Student Center Login Secure Upload Forms & Resources Special Circumstances Policies & Disclosures Cornell Office of Financial Aid 203 Day Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853 Phone: +1(607)255-5145 | Email: finaid@cornell.edu Fax: +1(607)-255-6329 Office Hours: Monday-Thursday 10:00 AM - 1:00 PM & 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM Phone and Virtual Appointment Hours: Monday-Friday from 10:00am - 1:00pm & 2:00pm - 4:00pm Schedule Counselor Appointments Enrollment Admissions Bursar Financial Aid Registrar Student Employment University Resources Annual Fire Safety Report Annual Security Report Equal Education & Employment Land Acknowledgment Privacy Web Accessibility Assistance