Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to search PROGRAMS STUDENT SERVICES INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS TESTIMONIES fr en CONTACT CONNECT EXPLORE Talents from around the world, your future begins here, at Université PSL, in the heart of Paris. Bachelor's degrees Over 50 multidisciplinary programs with progressive specialization. Which PSL Bachelor's degree is right for you? Master's degrees & PhD Tracks Combining research and academic excellence, these high-level graduate programs cover all disciplines and are recognized internationally and valued by employers worldwide. Programs in Focus Explore PSL Programs International Bachelor of Environmentally Engaged Engineering (I-BE³) # Responsible engineering # Data science Master's in Fashion & Materials (ENAMOMA-PSL) # Fashion & Design # Sustainable development Master of Science & Technology for Health (ST4Health) # Biomedical sciences & Engineering sciences Why PSL ? Study at a world-class university When you join PSL, France's leading university in the world's Top 50 rankings (QS and THE), you gain access to an outstanding scientific, artistic, literary and cultural education, provided by the leading institutions in France. > M ore information Combine Science, Literature & the Arts Economics, humanities, life sciences, law or artistic creation... When you study at Université PSL, you will experience new ways of combining disciplines, and design the world of the future alongside leading researchers. > M ore information Find your vocation, without forgetting your passions Future engineer, artist, entrepreneur, researcher or manager ? PSL can help you build your future. From critical thinking to creativity and team spirit, our courses help you develop skills that are highly sought after in the professional world. The PSL campus has a rich cultural and community life, giving you every opportunity to develop and express your talents. > M ore information Join a committed university PSL is selective and attentive to all talents and promotes equal opportunities. Our ambition? To cultivate a diverse range of talents, but also to awaken civic awareness and social and collective responsibility in our students, the next generation of researchers, decision-makers and entrepreneurs. > M ore information Study in the world's most beautiful city! Museums, exhibitions, theaters, concerts, libraries... Paris is waiting for you! PSL will help you find your feet and make the most of the opportunities the campus has to offer. > M ore information PSL in International Rankings More information #1 Top French university in all major international rankings #28 University in the 2026 QS World Ranking #48 University in the 2026 World University Ranking Student stories Hear from our students and alumni from around the world as they share their study and career choices, and what drives them every day. Claire, Alumna of the Master's degree in Life sciences "In scientific research, I am driven by being able to contribute to solving the complex issues of our future." Nicolas, alumnus of the CPES and the master's degree in Applied Economics "I wanted to analyze environmental issues through the prism of inequality." Marion, Master's degree in Public policy "Commitment, passion and career plans in unison." Mazzarine, alumna of the Master's degree in Chemistry "My advice? Experience as much as you can, so you don't have any regrets later on" More stories Paris is your campus! In the heart of one of the world's most beautiful capitals, PSL University and its member institutions open every door to you : student life, arts, culture, music, and sports... More information University About us Schools International rankings Organization News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Admissions PSL voices : by students, for students International students Customise your courses Schools Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Research Research at PSL Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Documentation and knowledge dissemination Innovation Innovate and transfer Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Corporate relations Enterprise & Innovation - People Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved Student services Campus life in Paris International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships Study abroad Study / teach at PSL European University - EELISA Athletics News Events PSL-Explore PSL Glossary CGU Politique de confidentialité Sitemap