Skip to main content Menu Principal University About us Sapere Aude PSL Quick facts Excellence and Equal Opportunity Collections and Heritage PSL from A to Z 10 years of Université PSL Schools Université PSL Partners International rankings Organization Governance Services PSL bylaws and regulatory documents News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Bachelor's degree Master's degree PhD Track Become an entrepreneur Graduate Programs Admissions Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions PSL voices : by students, for students PSL student blog Student stories Get in touch with our students International students Customise your courses Certifying Minors UROP internships - Research experience from undergraduate level PSL Weeks Language resource centre Schools Paris School of AI Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Kit média admissions Research Research at PSL HRS4R Scientific integrity Signature policy on scientific publications Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Call for Proposals Université PSL's 2025 Junior Professorship Campaign Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Collège Doctoral Postdoctoral fellows Welcome Desk Documentation and knowledge dissemination Libraries and museums PSL catalog Digital collections Tutorials Databases Innovation Innovate and transfer Protect your innovation Transfer your technology Find your funding Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Researcher entrepreneurs Research lab start-ups PSL Tech Seed PSL-iTeams Corporate relations PSL Technology Our supports and partners Enterprise & Innovation - People Le Pôle Universitaire d'Innovation Les visages de l'innovation Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved "Union PSL" PSL Student Organization PSL Alumni Student organizations Funding for clubs & organizations Orchestra & Choir Student services PSL Housing Helpline against harassment and violences Student health service PSL Welcome Desk Mazet Student Life Center Campus life in Paris Financial Aid Dining Campus maps & directions Athletics See, Explore, Go Out International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships PSL Global Seed Fund: University's seed fund for its international projects The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities Study abroad Doctoral mobility (Erasmus +) Faculty and staff mobility Mobilité de personnel Mobilité doctorale Mobilité étudiante Student mobility Study / teach at PSL International students: your application at PSL Welcome Desk - Researchers European University - EELISA Menu secondaire You are... Student Company Alumni Support PSL Support PSL Programmes gradués Astrophysics Arts Chemistry Law Economics Finance Computer Science Engineering Management Mathematics and Applications Physics Earth Science and Biodiversity Religious Studies Life Sciences Historical Sciences Social Sciences Cognitive Sciences Translitteræ en ▼ fr en Schools Établissements - Membres Chimie ParisTech - PSL Conservatoire National Supérieur d'Art Dramatique - PSL Dauphine - PSL École nationale des chartes - PSL École normale supérieure - PSL École Pratique des Hautes Études - PSL ESPCI Paris - PSL MINES Paris - PSL Observatoire de Paris - PSL Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Paris Malaquais - PSL Ecole des Arts Décoratifs de Paris - PSL Établissements - Associés Collège de France Institut Curie Établissements - Organismes CNRS Inserm Inria Support PSL Support PSL Menu secondaire You are... Student Company Alumni en ▼ fr en Graduate Programs Astrophysics Arts Chemistry Law Economics Finance Computer Science Engineering Management Mathematics and Applications Physics Earth Science and Biodiversity Religious Studies Life Sciences Historical Sciences Social Sciences Cognitive Sciences Translitteræ Search Search Menu Principal University About us Sapere Aude PSL Quick facts Excellence and Equal Opportunity Collections and Heritage PSL from A to Z 10 years of Université PSL Schools Université PSL Partners International rankings Organization Governance Services PSL bylaws and regulatory documents News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Bachelor's degree Master's degree PhD Track Become an entrepreneur Graduate Programs Admissions Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions PSL voices : by students, for students PSL student blog Student stories Get in touch with our students International students Customise your courses Certifying Minors UROP internships - Research experience from undergraduate level PSL Weeks Language resource centre Schools Paris School of AI Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Research Research at PSL HRS4R Scientific integrity Signature policy on scientific publications Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Call for Proposals Université PSL's 2025 Junior Professorship Campaign Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Postdoctoral fellows Welcome Desk Documentation and knowledge dissemination Libraries and museums PSL catalog Digital collections Tutorials Databases Innovation Innovate and transfer Protect your innovation Transfer your technology Find your funding Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Researcher entrepreneurs Research lab start-ups PSL Tech Seed PSL-iTeams Corporate relations PSL Technology Our supports and partners Enterprise & Innovation - People Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved "Union PSL" PSL Student Organization PSL Alumni Student organizations Funding for clubs & organizations Orchestra & Choir Student services PSL Housing Helpline against harassment and violences Student health service PSL Welcome Desk Mazet Student Life Center Campus life in Paris Financial Aid Dining Campus maps & directions Athletics See, Explore, Go Out International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships PSL Global Seed Fund: University's seed fund for its international projects The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities Study abroad Doctoral mobility (Erasmus +) Faculty and staff mobility Student mobility Study / teach at PSL International students: your application at PSL Welcome Desk - Researchers European University - EELISA Schools Financial Aids Home Education Financial Aids Share : Facebook Linked in Print PSL offers several opportunities for student employment and compensated work assignments compatible with your studies, so that you can navigate the academic year with peace of mind, knowing that your day-to-day expenses will be covered. To help you manage your academic year with peace of mind and deal with everyday expenses, here are several ways to find student aid or jobs while pursuing your studies. Université PSL and its schools also offer financial and social support specifically for their students. Feel free to contact the administrative services of your institution for further information! Scholarships Several scholarship opportunities are available. Please consult this page. For scholarships based on social criteria, you must fill out the Dossier social étudiant , the single mandatory document for scholarship and university housing applications. NB: Please note: applications must be made to CROUS in March/April of the current academic year for the following academic year. There are eligibility conditions. Available scholarships: Financial aid: Calculated in accordance with your financial and family situation and the geographic distance between your school and your place of residence. Level 0 is equivalent to exemption from tuition and student social security contributions. Levels "0 bis" to "7" entitle to progressive financial support. >> Calculate an estimate of your rate Merit scholarships: Offered to high school graduates who passed the baccalauréat with high honors and to graduates of Bachelor's programs who would like to continue onto Master's degree programs. >> Read more Emergency aid: Provided on an as-needed or annual basis, financial aid from the Fonds National d'Aide d'Urgence (FNAU) is for students under the age of 35 who are experiencing financial difficulty. Applications are reviewed by a committee and can remain anonymous. >> Read more International students should inquire with their home institutions and national governments, as well as the French embassies in their countries, before they leave. They should also consider looking through the scholarship opportunities directory on Campus France . Student jobs: manage both work and studies with peace of mind To help you succeed in both studies and work, while granting you valuable professional experience, PSL offers you a shared student employment service. This is a unique opportunity to get involved in PSL's campus life and develop new skills! Visit PSL Recrutement. You may be offered to: Welcome new students (information and communication with the student community, reception of foreign students, etc.) Support service for library staff Cultural, scientific, sports and social activities (help in organizing events, communication, outreach, etc.) Help fresh graduates find a job. Work outside PSL Campus Ideally located in the heart of Paris, PSL is also strongly connected with economic life. There are many opportunities for you to find a job near your campus. To help with your search, visit the following specialized websites: jobaviz.fr ; letudiant.fr ; studyrama.com ; jobteaser.com .. Internships: A foot in the door Whether required in your course of study or not, internships provide an opportunity for you to forge your first formative experiences with a company or research group. With the university's proximity to business hubs that include some of the largest French and international corporate headquarters, as a student at PSL you have access to a surfeit of opportunities for internships, professional contacts, and essential networking for building your future career. Please note: Internship regulations in France Internships are governed by an internship agreement, the equivalent of an employment contract for an internship. This document sets out the terms of the internship (duration, compensation, benefits provided to the intern) and must be signed by you, your school, and the company hiring you. Compensation is mandatory in France for internships lasting longer than 2 months. International students: If you complete an internship, the hours worked will not be included in the 964 hours of work for which you are authorized (822.5 hours for Algerian students). You therefore will not need to request employment authorization. If you are starting an internship or would like further information, please contact the school or internship services of your host institution. Junior enterprises: What about stepping into a consultant's shoes? Picture a consultant with a fresh face, eager to learn, fast-tracked into the professional world and business administration. What if that were you? Embedded in our schools, our junior enterprises (JE) operate as small firms. The goal? Provide students an opportunity to put theory into practice by working on real-life projects for real-life companies. These professional assignments are paid. Compensation varies according to the technical nature and available resources of the project, but students can expect to earn between approximately 80 and 280 euros pre-tax per person per project day. The areas covered by our JEs are vast, spanning marketing studies, financial studies with preparation of a business plan, engineering studies (prototypes and technical feasibility), and computer development (websites, programming). The choice is yours! >> Learn more about PSL's junior entreprises For more information: Contact the student life services teams at your school. International students: What are the work authorization requirements in France? Are you an international student who just landed in Paris? Know that you are authorized to work during your studies in France as long as you have proof of enrollment at an institution entitled to the student social security scheme and a valid student visa (VLS-TS) or student residence permit if you are not from a European Union country. You can work up to 964 hours max per year, i.e., 60% of a normal work year in France. It should be noted, however, that the number of authorized work hours is proportional to the duration of your studies (a 6-month course of study would be limited to 482 hours of authorized work, for example). Regulations change regularly and there are several exceptions. For more information : PSL Welcome Desk Student loans can help, too! With up to €15,000 available per year, these loans are available to students under the age of 28, regardless of their course of study. Access to these loans is not dependent on financial resources, nor on having a parent or third party co-sign. A portion of the risk for default is guaranteed by the French government. Loan repayment can be deferred, with a partial or full grace period. Interest rates vary among banks. To receive a student loan, inquire with the banks that provide them, such as banques populaires, CIC, and Société Générale. Initial expenses checklist You should plan for the following expenses in your first month: Tuition: Find out the full amount of tuition plus payment terms on your school's website. Housing: Plan for a security deposit (equivalent to one month's rent, this deposit will be refunded to you at the end of your lease, provided your housing is in good condition) and/or a housing deposit (1 month's rent), unless you will be staying at a CROUS student residence arranged through our intermediary. Insurance policy: Liability insurance is mandatory in higher education. It is often included in your housing insurance package, but it is wise to check! Health insurance : We strongly advise you to subscribe to a complementary health insurance policy, they are not mandatory but will allow the full reimbursement of your possible health expenses. Public transportation : Paris is a fairly large city, so you have several options for getting around: Pass Imagin'R : Reduced rate for students, this travel card gives you access to all the Ile-de-France metro, streetcar and bus network. It costs €390/year, which you can pay in one or more instalments (less than one euro per day). Pass Velib : Velib is the self-service bicycle system of Greater Paris Region (meaning Paris and the suburbs), starting at 3€ per month. Campus tax: Please note that you have to to pay €105 for the CVEC tax (Contribution Vie étudiante et campus) tax. You will be asked the receipt of it when you enroll in your host institution (the tax is utilized to fund campus life.At PSL, it typically provides for various services and gives you access, among others, to the Health service which entitles you to free consultation with doctors, both in teleconsultation and in person) International students: feel free to contact PSL Welcome Desk. N.B. : PSL tuition rates, when aligned with the national university fees set out by ministerial decree each year, are low and never exceed a few hundred euros per year. Moreover, your student ID card entitles you to multiple discounts, such as for student dining (€3.30 per meal), transportation, and cultural and sporting events. Find your course By education level By education level Bachelor's Master's PhD Other By discipline By discipline Anthropology Archeology Architecture Archives - Documentation Art History Arts Astronomie Astrophysics Banking - Finance - Insurance Biologie Biology Business Administration - Management Chemistry Cognitive science Communications - Journalism Computer Science Data Science Digital Humanities Drama Earth sciences Earth sciences Ecology Economics Engineering Science Entrepreneurship Fashion and design Finance Geosciences Géographie Géographie politique Géosciences Health - Medecine History Human Resources Languages Law Life Sciences Literature Management Marketing Mathematics Mechanics and Materials Médecine Philosophy Physics Plastic Arts Political Science Programming Quantum engineering Religious sciences Sciences du climat Social Science Sociology Space Science Sustainable development Search Main navigation University About us Schools International rankings Organization News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Admissions PSL voices : by students, for students International students Customise your courses Schools Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Research Research at PSL Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Documentation and knowledge dissemination Innovation Innovate and transfer Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Corporate relations Enterprise & Innovation - People Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved Student services Campus life in Paris International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships Study abroad Study / teach at PSL European University - EELISA Menu rapide Athletics News Events PSL-Explore PSL Glossary Pied de page CGU Politique de confidentialité Sitemap