Skip to main content Menu Principal University About us Sapere Aude PSL Quick facts Excellence and Equal Opportunity Collections and Heritage PSL from A to Z 10 years of Université PSL Schools Université PSL Partners International rankings Organization Governance Services PSL bylaws and regulatory documents News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Bachelor's degree Master's degree PhD Track Become an entrepreneur Graduate Programs Admissions Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions PSL voices : by students, for students PSL student blog Student stories Get in touch with our students International students Customise your courses Certifying Minors UROP internships - Research experience from undergraduate level PSL Weeks Language resource centre Schools Paris School of AI Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Kit média admissions Research Research at PSL HRS4R Scientific integrity Signature policy on scientific publications Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Call for Proposals Université PSL's 2025 Junior Professorship Campaign Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Collège Doctoral Postdoctoral fellows Welcome Desk Documentation and knowledge dissemination Libraries and museums PSL catalog Digital collections Tutorials Databases Innovation Innovate and transfer Protect your innovation Transfer your technology Find your funding Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Researcher entrepreneurs Research lab start-ups PSL Tech Seed PSL-iTeams Corporate relations PSL Technology Our supports and partners Enterprise & Innovation - People Le Pôle Universitaire d'Innovation Les visages de l'innovation Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved "Union PSL" PSL Student Organization PSL Alumni Student organizations Funding for clubs & organizations Orchestra & Choir Student services PSL Housing Helpline against harassment and violences Student health service PSL Welcome Desk Mazet Student Life Center Campus life in Paris Financial Aid Dining Campus maps & directions Athletics See, Explore, Go Out International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships PSL Global Seed Fund: University's seed fund for its international projects The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities Study abroad Doctoral mobility (Erasmus +) Faculty and staff mobility Mobilité de personnel Mobilité doctorale Mobilité étudiante Student mobility Study / teach at PSL International students: your application at PSL Welcome Desk - Researchers European University - EELISA Menu secondaire You are... Student Company Alumni Support PSL Support PSL Programmes gradués Astrophysics Arts Chemistry Law Economics Finance Computer Science Engineering Management Mathematics and Applications Physics Earth Science and Biodiversity Religious Studies Life Sciences Historical Sciences Social Sciences Cognitive Sciences Translitteræ en ▼ fr en Schools Établissements - Membres Chimie ParisTech - PSL Conservatoire National Supérieur d'Art Dramatique - PSL Dauphine - PSL École nationale des chartes - PSL École normale supérieure - PSL École Pratique des Hautes Études - PSL ESPCI Paris - PSL MINES Paris - PSL Observatoire de Paris - PSL Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Paris Malaquais - PSL Ecole des Arts Décoratifs de Paris - PSL Établissements - Associés Collège de France Institut Curie Établissements - Organismes CNRS Inserm Inria Support PSL Support PSL Menu secondaire You are... Student Company Alumni en ▼ fr en Graduate Programs Astrophysics Arts Chemistry Law Economics Finance Computer Science Engineering Management Mathematics and Applications Physics Earth Science and Biodiversity Religious Studies Life Sciences Historical Sciences Social Sciences Cognitive Sciences Translitteræ Search Search Menu Principal University About us Sapere Aude PSL Quick facts Excellence and Equal Opportunity Collections and Heritage PSL from A to Z 10 years of Université PSL Schools Université PSL Partners International rankings Organization Governance Services PSL bylaws and regulatory documents News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Bachelor's degree Master's degree PhD Track Become an entrepreneur Graduate Programs Admissions Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions PSL voices : by students, for students PSL student blog Student stories Get in touch with our students International students Customise your courses Certifying Minors UROP internships - Research experience from undergraduate level PSL Weeks Language resource centre Schools Paris School of AI Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Research Research at PSL HRS4R Scientific integrity Signature policy on scientific publications Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Call for Proposals Université PSL's 2025 Junior Professorship Campaign Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Postdoctoral fellows Welcome Desk Documentation and knowledge dissemination Libraries and museums PSL catalog Digital collections Tutorials Databases Innovation Innovate and transfer Protect your innovation Transfer your technology Find your funding Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Researcher entrepreneurs Research lab start-ups PSL Tech Seed PSL-iTeams Corporate relations PSL Technology Our supports and partners Enterprise & Innovation - People Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved "Union PSL" PSL Student Organization PSL Alumni Student organizations Funding for clubs & organizations Orchestra & Choir Student services PSL Housing Helpline against harassment and violences Student health service PSL Welcome Desk Mazet Student Life Center Campus life in Paris Financial Aid Dining Campus maps & directions Athletics See, Explore, Go Out International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships PSL Global Seed Fund: University's seed fund for its international projects The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities Study abroad Doctoral mobility (Erasmus +) Faculty and staff mobility Student mobility Study / teach at PSL International students: your application at PSL Welcome Desk - Researchers European University - EELISA Schools FAQ Undergraduate admissions Home Education FAQ Undergraduate admissions Share : Facebook Linked in Print About Université PSL Does Université PSL appear on international university rankings? If so, which ones? PSL is included in various international rankings; specifically, it ranks among the world's top 50 universities according to the THE (Times Higher Education) and QS (Quacquarelli Symonds) rankings. View a detailed list of where PSL ranked in each discipline in 2019. How many students are enrolled in PSL? Université PSL includes 17,000 students as well as 2,900 researchers, 140 labs and 10 incubators, fab labs and co-working spaces! PSL is a comprehensive university which offers all the resources needed to thrive and succeed, with small-size groups, high teacher-to-student ratio and a strong involvment in research. Further information Do you hold open days? Yes, read the websites of each bachelor's degree to get the information. Chat with students, talk to academic and admission teams and discover student life at PSL. Admissions process Are all the Bachelor's degrees available on Parcoursup? Parcoursup includes the Undergraduate degrees from Dauphine-PSL , CPES Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree and the Bachelor's degree in Sustainability sciences . The only PSL curriculum missing on Parcoursup is the undergraduate degree for actors ( formation du comédien ) at CNSAD: you have to visit the website to learn more about admissions and to apply. Can I apply to two or more PSL undergraduate degrees? You can, subject to the maximum available slots for the wishes (10). Please read carefully the prerequisites on each summary to make sure your profile matches the training. Besides, on Parcoursup: For undergraduate degrees at Dauphine, there is a different summary for each campus (Paris, Madrid, Londres etc.) as well as the Dauphine-Talents program . For CPES Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree, which is linked to Lycée Henri-IV on Parcoursup: there is a separate slot for each curriculum ( 1 curriculum = 1 wish ). I have a question about a Bachelor's degree program. Who should I contact? For any question, please contact the admission services according to the curriculum: CPES Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree : admissions-cpes@psl.eu Bachelor's degree in sustainability sciences : admissions-spi@psl.eu Dauphine-Licences : parcoursup@dauphine.psl.eu What are the prerequisites? Please read the summary of each degree on Parcoursup or the websites hosting a detailed description of each curriculum. Parcoursup summary about CPES Parcoursup summary about the Bachelor's degree in sustainability sciences How can I find PSL's bachelor's on Parcoursup? You have to visit the course catalog on Parcoursup and enter "PSL" in the search engine; you will be provided with all the summaries about PSL undergraduate degrees. New High school diploma | Which concentrations are recommended to enroll in PSL Undergraduate degrees? The recommended concentration vary according to each curriculum. Please visit the dedicated websites. How much is the tuition? CPES Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree and Bachelor's degree in sustainability sciences: similar to national tuition fees, after the decree issued every year from the Ministry. For academic year 2022/23, tuition was €170 for students without scholarship, and they are also required to pay CVEC tax (about €95 every year). Students with scholarship may be exempt. Dauphine-licences : please read here the details for each curriculum. What does "progressive specialization" mean? By enrolling in PSL, you chose cross-disciplinarity with progressive specialization. Each curriculum is customizable over the three-year course, following the Anglo-Saxon model (multidisciplinary common core, electives, major/minor) so that you can build your future and keep all the necessary options. What is PSL's policy about equal opportunity? PSL is a partner of Cordées de la réussite , a program launched in 2008 by France's Ministry of Higher Education to promote academic success by encouraging partnerships between institutions of higher education and middle and secondary schools in high-priority areas. At PSL, our participation in these programs and daylong events highlights our commitment to expanding access to a top-quality education. PSL is a partner of 50 high schools in high-priority areas throughout France, mainly around Paris. If you want to check whether your high school is included in the program, please contact the academic affairs team. A few key figures about social diversity at PSL: About 25% students with scholarship at Dauphine and 70 new students admitted every year through the Equal Opportunity program Every year, CPES Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree includes between 40 and 50% scholarship students; 50% are not from the Ile-de-France region Plus de 50% de boursiers au CNSAD PSL and Equal Opportunity Can I keep my activities as a high-level sportsperson or artist while studying? Whether you are a professionnal sportsperson, or artist, or entrepreneur, PSL will support your ambitions. The Talents program at Paris-Dauphine enables you to adjust the curriculum so that you can manage both studies and high level activities (sports, music, dance, arts) or build a start-up project. Further information . Services offered Housing Students in the CPES ( Henri-IV / Louis-le-Grand ) and Sciences for a Sustainable World bachelor's degrees who are CROUS scholarship holders, levels 1 to 7, benefit from guaranteed housing for their three years of study. A supplement to the APL is given to all these students by PSL. Together with the APL, this grant supplement allows grant holders to benefit from free accommodation for 3 years (L1 to L3). Tier 0bis scholarship holders and international students can benefit from accommodation within the limits of available places. For international students, their parents' resources are taken into account by the PSL housing allocation commission. Sport PSL University has a sports service that offers more than 40 sports, for leisure or for, competition, as part of your studies, as well as a range of wellness sports on the various campuses. Discover the sports service . Health & Wellness A free health service all year round. - Two offices on the PSL campus . There you will find a doctor for preventive medicine and school accommodations (students with disabilities, etc.) as well as psychologists. - A Teleconsultation service available 7 days a week from 7am to 11pm , you will be able to make an appointment with the practitioner of your choice from among more than 30 specialities, such as general medicine, dermatologists, addictologists, nutritionists, gynaecologists, psychologists, etc. Read more Follow-on studies What are the opportunities after a bachelor's degree at PSL? After the three-year course, students obtain a "diplôme d'établissement" delivered by PSL. Students can follow their studies in the selective Master's program of all renowned universities and grandes écoles, both in France and abroad, at PSL or elsewhere. Student gain access to grandes écoles (engineering, écoles normales supérieures) through the university track, at the end of the second or third year, depending on the admission process in each institution. Whats is the degree delivered after the 3-year program? The students in Dauphine-Licences , CPES Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree and Bachelor's degree in sustainability sciences obtain a diplôme d'établissement with "grade de licence" awarded by Université PSL. The diploma is with recognized by the Ministry of High Education Reseach and Innovation and enables you to follow Mater's program or another course of study with an equivalent level (grandes écoles - engineering curriculum, degree from Ecoles normales supérieures, IEP etc.), both in France and abroad. PSL bachelor's degrees will enable you yo develop skills sought after by the best schools and businesses: critical thinking, adaptability, creativity, excellent command of foreign languages. This course of study is a springboard to access the best schools and the selective Master's degrees in the best universities. International students I am a student in a high school that is a partner of AEFE: can I apply to PSL? Sure. PSL is a partner of AEFE . Every year, we admit undergraduate students from French high schools abroad. PSL is also a member of several career counseling conventions organized by the same network. For further information, contact your career counseling services. I am a foreign student, how should I apply to PSL? Should I contact campus France? To find out the detailed process of admission, visit the website of each undergraduate program; on this page on the French Ministry of Higher Education, you will find out the necessary administrative steps according to your profile (home country, the degree you are preparing in high school...). CPES Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree: https://cpes.psl.eu/admissions/ Dauphine-licences: https://dauphine.psl.eu/formations/licences/candidatures-et-procedures-d-admissions PSL Bachelor's degree in sustainability sciences: https://www.psl.eu/en/education/psl-bachelors-degree-sustainability-sciences Does Université PSL offer mentoring services to international students? Contact the PSL Welcome Desk (welcomedesk@psl.eu). The Welcome Desk staff can assist you before, during and after your arrival with administrative formalities (renewing your residency permit, housing, health care, etc.) and getting settled in Paris: student jobs, museum tours, language exchange program, etc. More information is available from the PSL Welcome Desk . Parcoursup January 15, 2025 : Start of registration and formulation of your wishes March 13, 2025 : Last day for formulating your wishes April 2, 2025 : Last day to complete your file and confirm your wishes Learn more Stay informed Contact form Open days Find your course By education level By education level Bachelor's Master's PhD Other By discipline By discipline Anthropology Archeology Architecture Archives - Documentation Art History Arts Astronomie Astrophysics Banking - Finance - Insurance Biologie Biology Business Administration - Management Chemistry Cognitive science Communications - Journalism Computer Science Data Science Digital Humanities Drama Earth sciences Earth sciences Ecology Economics Engineering Science Entrepreneurship Fashion and design Finance Geosciences Géographie Géographie politique Géosciences Health - Medecine History Human Resources Languages Law Life Sciences Literature Management Marketing Mathematics Mechanics and Materials Médecine Philosophy Physics Plastic Arts Political Science Programming Quantum engineering Religious sciences Sciences du climat Social Science Sociology Space Science Sustainable development Search Student Blog Everything you need to know before joining PSL Read more Main navigation University About us Schools International rankings Organization News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Admissions PSL voices : by students, for students International students Customise your courses Schools Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Research Research at PSL Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Documentation and knowledge dissemination Innovation Innovate and transfer Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Corporate relations Enterprise & Innovation - People Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved Student services Campus life in Paris International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships Study abroad Study / teach at PSL European University - EELISA Menu rapide Athletics News Events PSL-Explore PSL Glossary Pied de page CGU Politique de confidentialité Sitemap