Skip to main content Menu Principal University About us Sapere Aude PSL Quick facts Excellence and Equal Opportunity Collections and Heritage PSL from A to Z 10 years of Université PSL Schools Université PSL Partners International rankings Organization Governance Services PSL bylaws and regulatory documents News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Bachelor's degree Master's degree PhD Track Become an entrepreneur Graduate Programs Admissions Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions PSL voices : by students, for students PSL student blog Student stories Get in touch with our students International students Customise your courses Certifying Minors UROP internships - Research experience from undergraduate level PSL Weeks Language resource centre Schools Paris School of AI Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Kit média admissions Research Research at PSL HRS4R Scientific integrity Signature policy on scientific publications Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Call for Proposals Université PSL's 2025 Junior Professorship Campaign Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Collège Doctoral Postdoctoral fellows Welcome Desk Documentation and knowledge dissemination Libraries and museums PSL catalog Digital collections Tutorials Databases Innovation Innovate and transfer Protect your innovation Transfer your technology Find your funding Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Researcher entrepreneurs Research lab start-ups PSL Tech Seed PSL-iTeams Corporate relations PSL Technology Our supports and partners Enterprise & Innovation - People Le Pôle Universitaire d'Innovation Les visages de l'innovation Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved "Union PSL" PSL Student Organization PSL Alumni Student organizations Funding for clubs & organizations Orchestra & Choir Student services PSL Housing Helpline against harassment and violences Student health service PSL Welcome Desk Mazet Student Life Center Campus life in Paris Financial Aid Dining Campus maps & directions Athletics See, Explore, Go Out International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships PSL Global Seed Fund: University's seed fund for its international projects The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities Study abroad Doctoral mobility (Erasmus +) Faculty and staff mobility Mobilité de personnel Mobilité doctorale Mobilité étudiante Student mobility Study / teach at PSL International students: your application at PSL Welcome Desk - Researchers European University - EELISA Menu secondaire You are... Student Company Alumni Support PSL Support PSL Programmes gradués Astrophysics Arts Chemistry Law Economics Finance Computer Science Engineering Management Mathematics and Applications Physics Earth Science and Biodiversity Religious Studies Life Sciences Historical Sciences Social Sciences Cognitive Sciences Translitteræ en ▼ fr en Schools Établissements - Membres Chimie ParisTech - PSL Conservatoire National Supérieur d'Art Dramatique - PSL Dauphine - PSL École nationale des chartes - PSL École normale supérieure - PSL École Pratique des Hautes Études - PSL ESPCI Paris - PSL MINES Paris - PSL Observatoire de Paris - PSL Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Paris Malaquais - PSL Ecole des Arts Décoratifs de Paris - PSL Établissements - Associés Collège de France Institut Curie Établissements - Organismes CNRS Inserm Inria Support PSL Support PSL Menu secondaire You are... Student Company Alumni en ▼ fr en Graduate Programs Astrophysics Arts Chemistry Law Economics Finance Computer Science Engineering Management Mathematics and Applications Physics Earth Science and Biodiversity Religious Studies Life Sciences Historical Sciences Social Sciences Cognitive Sciences Translitteræ Search Search Menu Principal University About us Sapere Aude PSL Quick facts Excellence and Equal Opportunity Collections and Heritage PSL from A to Z 10 years of Université PSL Schools Université PSL Partners International rankings Organization Governance Services PSL bylaws and regulatory documents News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Bachelor's degree Master's degree PhD Track Become an entrepreneur Graduate Programs Admissions Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions PSL voices : by students, for students PSL student blog Student stories Get in touch with our students International students Customise your courses Certifying Minors UROP internships - Research experience from undergraduate level PSL Weeks Language resource centre Schools Paris School of AI Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Research Research at PSL HRS4R Scientific integrity Signature policy on scientific publications Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Call for Proposals Université PSL's 2025 Junior Professorship Campaign Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Postdoctoral fellows Welcome Desk Documentation and knowledge dissemination Libraries and museums PSL catalog Digital collections Tutorials Databases Innovation Innovate and transfer Protect your innovation Transfer your technology Find your funding Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Researcher entrepreneurs Research lab start-ups PSL Tech Seed PSL-iTeams Corporate relations PSL Technology Our supports and partners Enterprise & Innovation - People Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved "Union PSL" PSL Student Organization PSL Alumni Student organizations Funding for clubs & organizations Orchestra & Choir Student services PSL Housing Helpline against harassment and violences Student health service PSL Welcome Desk Mazet Student Life Center Campus life in Paris Financial Aid Dining Campus maps & directions Athletics See, Explore, Go Out International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships PSL Global Seed Fund: University's seed fund for its international projects The Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities Study abroad Doctoral mobility (Erasmus +) Faculty and staff mobility Student mobility Study / teach at PSL International students: your application at PSL Welcome Desk - Researchers European University - EELISA Schools International Bachelor of Science in AI Home Education International Bachelor of Science in AI Share : Facebook Linked in Print Program type Initial Training Degree Bachelor's Domain(s) Fundamental Sciences Discipline(s) Computer Science, Mathematics, Programming Teaching language(s) English Place Paris PSL host school Presentation Curriculum Admission Student Support FAQ You wish to understand and shape tomorrow's world with artificial intelligence? Join the International Bachelor of Sciences in Artificial Intelligence (IBSAI) of Université PSL in Paris. This leading program in AI education, offered as part of the Paris School of AI , brings together some of the best European academics in AI. As a global and collegiate university , PSL is a European and international leader in artificial intelligence and data science. Taught entirely in English, this new bachelor program benefits from the combined expertise of PSL member schools. This program thus benefits from a unique scientific ecosystem that combines cutting-edge research, disruptive entrepreneurship and international perspectives. As a unique opportunity to further study in the most selective graduate programs, in France and worldwide, this bachelor will allow you to master all the essential knowledge in mathematics and computer science for AI. Learn more about the Paris School of AI at PSL University Training tomorrow's leaders in AI In a world where AI is redefining science, the economy and societies, becoming a cornerstone of decision-making, innovation and efficiency in nearly every field, the IBSAI bachelor is a response to the urgent need for new talents: a new generation of experts capable of mastering all the key concepts of AI. Training objectives IBSAI offers a very demanding training program based on active learning, collaborative projects and strong connections with research. Main pedagogical objectives: 1) Training experts in the mathematical and computer science foundations of artificial intelligence 2) Developing an in-depth understanding of algorithms, machine learning and its fields of application (computer vision, automatic language processing, robotics, etc.) 3) Preparing students to tackle the technological and societal challenges associated with AI through an interdisciplinary approach 4) Training as closely as possible through the most recent research 5) Allowing for international experiences through collaborations with renowned foreign institutions → Cutting-edge scientific teaching - Core curriculum that includes mathematics, algorithms, databases, machine learning, economics - Cross-disciplinary classes that include economics, law, climate and societal issues connected to AI - Specialization classes in years 2 and 3: computer vision, automatic language processing, robotics → I nterdisciplinary projects - Team projects to apply knowledge to concrete issues (e.g. health, environment, education, etc.). - Summer School between the second and third years - Collaboration with partner companies and laboratories → Personal development and professionalization - Communication skills, leadership, adaptability and teamwork - Training entirely in English and intercultural awareness → Immersion in research and innovation - Lecture series by international experts and academic on topics such as AI and ethics, smart cities or societal applications of AI - Research internships in PSL-affiliated laboratories or partner institutions. (See details in the "Program" tab) Tuition fees (sept. 2026 intake) - Admissions tab Target audience - Students with a passion for mathematics, computer science and new technologies - Students with a strong curiosity for the interdisciplinary applications of artificial intelligence - Students with a strong background in mathematics, an advanced level in English (C1), and a capacity for analysis, problem-solving and thorough work Applications are examined based on academic criteria, language skills and motivation. (See details in the "Admissions" tab) → APPLY (Parcoursup) What's next after such bachelor? These 3 years of training will allow you to develop knowledge and skills sought after by top universities as well as employers. Like all undergraduate programs at Université PSL, this program is designed to enable students to pursue their studies to at least master's level. → Graduate opportunities (a few examples) At the end of the program (3 years), students will pursue their studies within Université PSL (selective disciplinary or multidisciplinary masters, engineering schools) or beyond in the best selective universities, in France and worldwide. Master Intelligence Artificielle, Systèmes, Données - Informatique Master IA & société Master Informatique, Décision, Données - Informatique Master Intelligence Artificielle, Système, Données - Mathématiques Diplôme du cycle ingénieur civil de MINES Paris - PSL Diplôme du cycle ingénieur de l'ESPCI Paris - PSL Diplôme du cycle ingénieur de l'École nationale supérieure de Chimie de Paris - PSL Diplôme de l'ENS - PSL through the "CNE" / Concours normalien étudiant → Career paths (a few examples) Depending on the specialization chosen in their graduate studies, students can aspire to various careers in the world of research, the technology industry (AI developer, machine learning engineer, data scientist) or entrepreneurship in innovative fields connected to AI. Why join the IBSAI bachelor's program? Joining PSL's International Bachelor of Science in Artificial Intelligence means joining a unique environment, at the heart of the advances that are shaping the future of artificial intelligence. The program (180 academic credits / ECTS) takes place over three years (B1, B2, B3). All classes are taught in English. Structure of the program - Year 1 : Mastering of the scientific foundations in mathematics, algorithms, programming, and introduction to intelligent systems. Cross-disciplinary training in economics and law. - Year 2 : Deepening of concepts in mathematics, algorithms and programming, management of large data bases, and machine learning. - Year 3 : Specialization with advanced classes in artificial intelligence, automatic language processing, computer vision, robotics and cognitive sciences; a laboratory or company internship, and completion of a final year project, specialization course in advanced mathematics or advanced computer science; practical workshops on industrial cases ("AI clinic"). Curriculum Year 1 (B1) Fall semester : Spring semester : Teaching location: Courses take place in the heart of Paris (paris 5th district) Tuition fees 2026/27 (Sept. 2026 intake) For students who are tax residents in an EU member state: Progressive tuition fees (based on the household income): from €0 to €14,900 . If you are a tax resident outside an EU member state: €19,500 Detailed tuition fees for academic year 2026-27 Student and Campus Life Contribution (CVEC) Students have to pay the Contribution Vie Étudiante et de Campus (CVEC) (article L841-5 of the French Education Code). This contribution finances services related to health, sport, culture and campus support. The amount of the CVEC is set each year by the French Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation (105€/year in 2025/26). Certain students, notably those on 'CROUS' scholarships, may be exempt from paying the CVEC. More information . The admission criteria are as follows: academic excellence, language proficiency and motivation. Prerequisites A general 'baccalaureate' (high school diploma) from the French secondary education system, obtained in France or abroad, or a foreign diploma with recognized equivalence, with strong academic results across all subjects. Students are expected to have an excellent level in mathematics and an overall strong academic record in their high school studies: →"Baccalaureate" specialties (or equivalent) required: " Mathematics" with the "Expert Mathematics" option + any other specialty →For international students following a non-French Baccalaureate secondary diploma, it is expected that they have completed an advanced high school mathematics curriculum, covering in particular the following areas: limits of sequences and functions over the reals, notions of continuity of functions differentiation and integration of simple functions over the reals basics of discrete probability theory complex numbers polynomial equations, including resolution of arbitrary quadratic equations and of simple cubic equations basics of arithmetics (prime factor decomposition, Euclid's algorithm, etc. C1 -level command of English. Students must be proficient in both written and spoken English to understand course materials and follow courses delivered in English. We expect students who: Show a strong intellectual curiosity for science, technology, and their interdisciplinary applications; Demonstrate solid skills in mathematics and at least one advanced scientific discipline (such as analysis, modeling, or problem-solving); Are capable of conducting rigorous mathematical reasoning; Possess strong organizational and study skills. Application Procedure Selection based on an application file , via the national Parcoursup portal (according to the official calendar). For international applicants subject to the Etudes en France procedure , applications must be submitted on the Campus France platform between October 1 and December 15, 2025 (according to the official calendar). Parcoursup 2026 calendar : Start of registration and formulation of wishes: January 19, 2026 Last day for making applications: March 12, 2026 Last day for completing your application and confirming your wishes: April 1, 2026 > Learn more about the Parcoursup calendar → Required documents in the application file : First and final year report transcripts (available terms for future 2026 baccalaureate graduates) Results of the preliminary Baccalaureate exams (French). A motivation letter explaining the interest in the IBSAI Bachelor program. For candidates who already hold the 'baccalaureate', also include: Third-term transcripts from the high school final year; Baccalaureate transcript; Higher education transcripts (if applicable). → Application analysis criteria : Academic results Excellent level in mathematics and English Progression of results in recent years. Skills and know-how Ability to analyze, model and solve complex problems. Autonomy, organization and work methods. Personal skills and motivation Curiosity about artificial intelligence and interdisciplinary sciences. Adequacy between the project expressed and the training objectives. Quality of written and spoken English. Institution of registration : Université PSL Diploma delivered : bachelor's degree delivered by Université PSL. Housing Université PSL has a housing service available to all students for advice on how to settle in Paris. Welcome desk Personalized assistance for international students from admission to PSL to arrival in Paris. Access to a digital Welcome Desk that centralizes all the information you need to properly prepare your arrival in Paris. A wide range of services: Appointments to prepare your arrival in France, Buddy program: PSL's mentorship program, Welcome Days: practical workshops on topics related to your stay in France (health, housing, student life, etc.), etc. Read more . Language Center Free access for all Bachelor students to PSL's Language Center : over 14 languages available, in small groups. Health & well-being A free health service available all year round. Two offices on PSL campuses. You'll find a doctor for preventive medicine and adjustments in your academic training (e.g. students with disabilities), as well as psychologists. A 24/7 teleconsultation service from 7a.m. to 11p.m. You will be able to book an appointment with the practitioner of your choice from over 30 specialties, including general medicine, dermatologists, addictologists, nutritionists, gynecologists, etc. What language requirements do I need to apply? English C1 . All classes are taught in English. Students are expected to have a working knowledge of English allowing them to fully understand teaching material in English and follow instruction in English What mathematics requirements do I need to apply? Baccalaureate specialties (or equivalent) required: "Mathematics" with the "Expert Mathematics" option + any other specialty. For international students following a non-French Baccalaureate secondary diploma, it is expected that they have completed an advanced high school mathematics curriculum, covering in particular the following areas: -Limits of sequences and functions over the reals, notions of continuity of functions -Differentiation and integration of simple functions over the reals -Basics of discrete probability theory -Complex numbers -Polynomial equations, including resolution of arbitrary quadratic equations and of simple cubic equations -Basics of arithmetics (prime factor decomposition, Euclid's algorithm, etc. What is the correct way to apply? Your application must be submitted through the official procedure indicated in the Admission section. Only applications submitted via this channel will be reviewed. Any application sent by other means will not be considered. What diploma is delivered on completion of the 3-year degree? Bachelor's degree delivered by Université PSL (180 ECTS) How many hours of class per week does the first year involve? The number of teaching hours per week is around 27, which does not include personal work. How many students will be recruited in 2026? 55 students. What is the "Language" module? The "Language" module consists of advanced English courses taken by all students in the program. In addition, non-French-speaking students can also register for optional French as a Foreign Language (FLE) courses offered by the PSL Language resource center . Discover PSL University Contact bachelor_science_ai@psl.eu Brochure Apply (Parcoursup) Further information Paris School of AI Stay informed Contact form Chat with our students Find your course By education level By degree Bachelor's Master's PhD Other By discipline By discipline Anthropology Archeology Architecture Archives - Documentation Art History Arts Astronomie Astrophysics Banking - Finance - Insurance Biologie Biology Business Administration - Management Chemistry Cognitive science Communications - Journalism Computer Science Data Science Digital Humanities Drama Earth sciences Earth sciences Ecology Economics Engineering Science Entrepreneurship Fashion and design Finance Geosciences Géographie Géographie politique Géosciences Health - Medecine History Human Resources Languages Law Life Sciences Literature Management Marketing Mathematics Mechanics and Materials Médecine Philosophy Physics Plastic Arts Political Science Programming Quantum engineering Religious sciences Sciences du climat Social Science Sociology Space Science Sustainable development Search Student Blog Everything you need to know before joining PSL Read more PSL in international rankings Read more CPES PSL Louis-Le-Grand Licence Lycée Louis-Le-Grand PSL et le Lycée Louis-Le-Grand ont lancé à la rentrée de Septembre 2023 un nouveau parcours du Cycle Pluridisciplinaire d'Études Supérieures (CPE... Learn more bachelor s degree organizational computer science Licence Dauphine - PSL The Bachelor's program in Organizational Computer Science covers various aspects of information processing. Its objective is to provide students a sol... Learn more bachelor s degree applied mathematics Licence Dauphine - PSL The Bachelor's in Applied Mathematics focuses on mathematics (particularly optimization probabilities and statistics) and is complemented by introduct... Learn more Multidisciplinary Undergraduate degree (CPES) Licence Lycée Henri-IV Created in 2012 by PSL and Lycée Henri-IV, the "CPES" Multidisciplinary undergraduate degree is an unprecedented undergraduate format among higher edu... Learn more Main navigation University About us Schools International rankings Organization News PariSanté Campus Investments for the Future Program Media Relations and Communications Join us The PSL Foundation Education Find your curriculum Admissions PSL voices : by students, for students International students Customise your courses Schools Keys to academic success Admissions media kit Research Research at PSL Graduate programs Major Research Programs Research institutes and labs Support for researchers Doctoral studies and Postdoctoral Fellowships Documentation and knowledge dissemination Innovation Innovate and transfer Innovation lab & coworking spaces Entrepreneurship at PSL Corporate relations Enterprise & Innovation - People Student stories The University Innovation Hub Life@PSL Get involved Student services Campus life in Paris International PSL Global: strategy and international partnerships Study abroad Study / teach at PSL European University - EELISA Menu rapide Athletics News Events PSL-Explore PSL Glossary Pied de page CGU Politique de confidentialité Sitemap