Skip to main content Study at Cambridge About the University Research at Cambridge Quick links For staff For Cambridge students For alumni For our researchers Business and enterprise Colleges & departments Email & phone search Give to Cambridge Libraries Museums & collections Search site Home Study at Cambridge Undergraduate Undergraduate courses Applying Events and open days Fees and finance Postgraduate Postgraduate courses How to apply Postgraduate events Fees and funding International students Continuing education Executive and professional education Courses in education About the University How the University and Colleges work Term dates and calendars History Map Visiting the University Annual reports Equality and diversity News A global university Events Public engagement Jobs Give to Cambridge Research at Cambridge For staff For Cambridge students For alumni For our researchers Business and enterprise Colleges & departments Email & phone search Give to Cambridge Libraries Museums & collections Breadcrumb Home International students International entry requirements Undergraduate Study Horizontal menu Home Student life Student life overview Why Cambridge Study facilities and libraries Cambridge explained Accommodation Sport and societies City life Support for students Disabled students Refugees Care-experienced and estranged students Courses Courses overview Choosing a course How you will learn Careers and graduate prospects Subject A-Z Colleges Colleges overview What is a College? Choosing a College College contacts Area links scheme East Midlands East of England Greater London North East North West Northern Ireland South East South West Wales West Midlands Yorkshire and Humber Fees and funding Fees and funding overview Tuition fees Living costs Study costs UK student finance Family contribution Sharia Law and student funding Scholarships and bursaries Stormzy Scholarship Formula 1 Scholarship Gordon Edge Scholarship Geography Scholarship Music awards Applying Applying overview Application timeline Before you apply Choosing high school subjects Improve your application Entry requirements Qualifications we accept Sixth Term Exam (STEP) International entry requirements Transferring from another university Application statistics Mature student applications Second undergraduate degrees How to apply UCAS application Writing your personal statement Admission tests Clinical aptitude test (UCAT) Law test (LNAT) Engineering and Science test (ESAT) Mathematics test (TMUA) College admission assessments My Cambridge Application Providing a transcript Disruption to your studies After you apply Written work and portfolios Cambridge interviews Prepare for an interview College admission assessments Application decisions Admissions Policy Unspent criminal convictions Contextual data Outcome of your application Terms of Admission Admissions complaints Sixth Term Exam (STEP) After you get your exam results Information for new students Applying for reconsideration Reconsideration eligibility criteria AI and undergraduate applications International International overview Chat with our students Entry requirements Tuition fees and costs International financial support How to apply International visits and events Counsellor Fly-in Visas and immigration Year abroad Get in touch Open Days and Events Open Days and Events overview Upcoming events Cambridge Open Days Virtual Tour Subject Masterclasses Applicant Webinar Series Think Cambridge Teachers and advisers' events Teachers and Advisers' Webinars Counsellor Fly-in International visits and events Counsellor Fly-in HE fairs and exhibitions Find out more Find out more overview Sign up to our Newsletter Widening participation Access and Participation Plans Insight HE+ Sutton Trust Summer Schools Apply: Cambridge Realise STEM SMART Target Oxbridge Parents and supporters Parents' Newsletter Teachers and advisers Writing a UCAS reference Area links Teachers' Newsletter Events for Teachers and Advisers Inspiring Educator Awards Getting here Contact us International entry requirements Vertical menu International Chat with our students Entry requirements Tuition fees and costs How to apply International visits and events Visas and immigration Year abroad Get in touch Student life Courses Colleges Fees and funding Applying Open Days and Events Find out more Before applying, you need to check that you have, or are likely to achieve, the right grades at the right level and in the appropriate subjects for the course you have chosen. Check the requirements of your course for details. The entry requirements for your course may differ between Cambridge Colleges. Some of our courses can only be studied at some Cambridge Colleges. You should also check whether you need to take an admissions assessment. Depending on your chosen course, you may need to register for or take your assessment before you apply. Visit our admissions assessment pages for more information. We accept a wide variety of qualifications from all over the world and expect students to be achieving the highest grades. Minimum offer levels for a range of qualifications including the European Baccalaureate, International A Levels and the International Baccalaureate can be viewed on our qualifications we accept page . Other international qualifications are listed below. Please note, a good standard of English is also required to study at Cambridge. If you're not from a majority English speaking country ( as defined by the UK Home Office ), you should check our English language requirements on the Entry requirements page . For further help and advice, please contact overseas@admin.cam.ac.uk . The entry requirements on this page are for 2027 entry (or deferred entry in 2028) and were updated in March 2026. Occasionally, requirements may change later in the year due to unforeseen circumstances. For example, changes to a particular qualification. If we update guidance for a specific country at a later date, you'll see this flagged next to the country specific information. We recommend that you check back for the latest guidance before you apply. Check the qualifications for your country/region: Select your country/region Albania Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Bangladesh Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Cameroon Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Ghana Greece Guyana Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Latvia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Maldives Malta Mauritius Mexico Montenegro Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria North Macedonia Norway Pakistan Palestine Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States of America Vietnam Zimbabwe If your country/region is not listed, it is likely that your local/national qualifications are not accepted. If you are studying a curriculum from a country that's different to your own, select the country from which the curriculum originates to check whether it is accepted and what is required. For example, if you are a student in China or Belgium but are studying the American curriculum check the information for qualifications from the USA. Albania If you are studying for the Matura Shtetërore, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Matura Shtetërore alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and Grade 10 (dhjetë) in the Matura Shtetërore possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Matura Shtetërore, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Argentina If you are studying for the Título de Bachiller, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Título de Bachiller alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and successful completion of the Título de Bachiller possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Título de Bachiller, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Armenia Minimum offers for applicants taking the Araratian Baccalaureate would be based on achieving the A level minimum offer requirements for your chosen course at Extended Level in subjects certified by Cambridge International. Check the relevant course page for the minimum A level requirements. If you are studying for the Mijnakarg (andhanur) krtutyan atesta, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Mijnakarg (andhanur) krtutyan atesta alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and at least 19 in the (գերազանց) in the Mijnakarg (andhanur) krtutyan atesta possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Mijnakarg (andhanur) krtutyan atesta, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Australia The guidance for this country was updated in June 2026. Offers for applicants being indexed on a scale within the Australian Tertiary Admissions Rank (ATAR) would typically be based on a rank of 98.5-99.5 overall together with documentation of similar performance in relevant individual subjects. These depend on the course applied for, and will be set by the Colleges. Applicants should be aware that the ATAR score published by the relevant State body is the score that will be used to determine whether they have met any offer conditions (eg only adjustments implemented by the awarding body will be considered). For courses that require a specific subject If a specific subject or subjects are required for your course, you will need to achieve the following in the relevant state qualification and subject(s). Australian Capital Territory , ACT Senior Secondary Certificate: Grade A in all units of the course. The course must be a designated T Course to fulfil the subject requirement. New South Wales , Higher School Certificate (HSC): Band 6 (90-100 marks). Northern Territory , Northern Territory Certificate of Education and Training (NTCET): Grade A+. Queensland , Queensland Certificate of Education (QCE): Grade A. South Australia , South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE): Grade A+. Tasmania , Tasmanian Certificate of Education (TCE): Exceptional Achievement (EA). Victoria , Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE): Study score of 45+. Western Australia , Western Australian Certificate of Education (WACE): Grade A. For courses that require Mathematics or Further Mathematics For courses that require A level Mathematics and/or Further Mathematics, you'll need to achieve the following in the relevant qualification. Australian Capital Territory , ACT Senior Secondary Certificate: Grade A in all 4 units of Mathematical Methods and Specialist Mathematics. New South Wales , Higher School Certificate (HSC): Band 6 in both Mathematics Extension 1 and Mathematics Extension 2. Northern Territory , Northern Territory Certificate of Education and Training (NTCET): Grade A+ in both Mathematical Methods and Specialist Mathematics. Queensland , Queensland Certificate of Education (QCE): Grade A in both Mathematical Methods and Specialist Mathematics. South Australia , South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE): Grade A+ in both Mathematical Methods and Specialist Mathematics. Tasmania , Tasmanian Certificate of Education (TCE): Exceptional Achievement (EA) in both Mathematics Methods 3 and Mathematics Specialised 4. Victoria , Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE): Study score of 45+ for Mathematical Methods and Specialist Mathematics. Western Australia , Western Australian Certificate of Education (WACE): Grade A in both Mathematical Methods and Specialist Mathematics. Austria Minimum offers for applicants taking the Reifeprüfung/Maturazeugnis would typically be based on an average of 1.3 (high distinction or mit ausgezeichnetem Erfolg bestanden). Applicants are also usually asked to achieve scores of 1 (sehr gut) out of 5 in written exams in up to 2 subjects. Bangladesh If you are studying for the Higher School Certificate (HSC)/Intermediate Certificate and equivalents, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the HSC alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall GPA of 5.00 (A+) in the Higher School Certificate (HSC) Intermediate Certificate possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Higher School Certificate (HSC)/Intermediate Certificate, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Belgium Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diploma van Hoger Secundair Onderwijs/Certificat d'Enseignement Secondaire Supérieur/Abschlusszeugnis der Oberstufe des Sekundarunterrichts would typically be based on an overall average score of 80%. Applicants are also usually asked to achieve scores of 90% in 3 subjects. Bosnia and Herzegovina Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diploma o položenom maturskom ispitu (RS)/Diploma o završenoj srednjoj školi (FiBH) (Secondary School Leaving Diploma) would typically be based on an overall score of 5.0 and 5.0 in individual subjects. Brazil If you are studying for the Certificado de Ensino Médio, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Certificado de Ensino Médio alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and successful completion of the Certificado de Ensino Médio possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Certificado de Ensino Médio or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Brunei Minimum offers for applicants taking Brunei/Cambridge GCE A levels would be based on achieving the A level minimum offer requirements for your chosen course. Check the relevant course page for the minimum A level requirements. Some applicants may be set lower offers or more challenging ones. Applicants may be required to achieve A* in a particular subject(s) depending on individual circumstances. Bulgaria Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diploma za Sredno Obrazovanie (Diploma for Completed Secondary Education) would be based on an overall score of 5.8, and 6.0 in 2 relevant Matura subjects. We recommend that prospective applicants take a third relevant subject to the highest level possible within their school. Cameroon Minimum offers for applicants studying the Cameroon GCE Advanced Levels would be based on grades AAA in relevant subjects. Applicants studying towards International A Levels (offered by Cambridge International, Oxford AQA or Pearson Edexcel) should refer to the A Level requirements on our Qualifications we accept webpage. Canada High School Diplomas If you are studying for a Canadian High School Diploma, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with a High School Diploma alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5 with an overall score of 90% in the Canadian High School Diploma possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Canadian High School Diploma, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your chosen College for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Chile If you are studying for the Licencia de Educacion, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Licencia de Educacion alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 7 (muy bueno) in each subject of the Licencia de Educacion possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Licencia de Educacion or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. China The Gaokao is considered suitable preparation for Cambridge by most Colleges. Please read the following information carefully to understand how College requirements differ. Applicants for subjects where completing an admissions test is part of the standard undergraduate admissions process will be required to complete that assessment. Colleges accepting the Gaokao with an offer of the top 0.1% in your province The following Colleges regard the Gaokao as suitable preparation for Cambridge. They also typically expect applicants studying for the Gaokao to demonstrate additional academic achievement. This might include, for example, relevant science Olympiads or College Board Advanced Placement Tests (APs). Normally, at these Colleges, any offer made based upon achievement in the Gaokao will be conditional on achieving a rank within the top 0.1% of those taking the Gaokao in the applicant's province. Individual circumstances will be carefully considered by the admitting College when confirming an offer. Particular attention will be paid to relevant subjects studied. Applicants are not expected or required to sit the Ambright Aptitude Scholastic Tests. Where scores are available then we will make use of them in our process. Churchill Clare Downing Emmanuel Girton Homerton Hughes Hall Lucy Cavendish Magdalene Peterhouse Queens' Trinity Wolfson Colleges accepting the Gaokao with an offer of 90% in three subjects or a top 1-3% score in your province The following Colleges regard the Gaokao as suitable preparation for Cambridge. Normally, the minimum entry requirement at these Colleges is either a score of at least 90% in each of 3 relevant core subjects, or overall performance in the top 1% to 3% of the cohort. Students applying with only the Gaokao (and no additional formal qualifications such as A level) are also recommended to offer Aptitude Scholastic Tests (ASTs) in up to 3 relevant subjects. Fitzwilliam Murray Edwards Newnham Pembroke Robinson St Catharine's St John's Trinity Hall Colleges who will only accept the Gaokao in combination with other international qualifications The following Colleges do not regard Gaokao alone as suitable preparation for Cambridge. Applicants studying for the Gaokao are required to demonstrate additional academic achievement. Qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels, International Baccalaureate (IB), or 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5. Applicants offering fewer than 3 A Levels, applicants not taking the full IB Diploma, and applicants offering APs without SATs/ACT would also be expected to achieve a rank within the top 0.1% of those taking the Gaokao in their province, or possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK. Applicants offering 3 or more A Levels, applicants taking the full IB Diploma, and applicants offering APs together with SATs/ACT will be considered on the basis of these qualifications only. If you intend to apply with the Gaokao Diploma in combination with other qualifications, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, check your chosen College's website for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Applicants are not expected or required to sit the Ambright Aptitude Scholastic Tests. Where scores are available then we will make use of them in our process. Christ's Corpus Christi Gonville & Caius Jesus King's Selwyn Sidney Sussex St Edmund's Colombia If you are studying for the Colombian Bachiller Académico, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Colombian Bachiller Académico alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of desempeno superior in each subject of the Colombian Bachiller Académico possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Colombian Bachiller Académico, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Croatia Minimum offers for applicants taking the Svjedodžba o državnoj Maturi (Certificate of State Maturity) would be based on an overall score of 5.0 with a score of 5.0 in relevant subjects. Applicants would usually be expected to take all Svjedodžba o državnoj Maturi subjects at Higher (A) level. Cyprus Minimum offers for applicants taking the Public School Apolytirion would be based on an average of 19 points and at least 2 GCE A Levels at grade A* or A. Students studying full time for A Levels or the International Baccalaureate should see our general entry requirements page. Czech Republic Minimum offers for applicants taking the Maturitni Zkouška would be to pass the Maturitni with a score of 1 ( vyborny ) in at least 3 relevant subjects. Denmark Minimum offers for applicants taking the Højere Forberedelseseksamen (HF, extended version) / Højere Handelseksamen (HHX) / Studentereksamen (STX) / Højere Teknisk Eksamen (HTX) would be based on an average overall score of 11 and applicants may be expected to achieve grade 12 in relevant subjects at level A. Please note that HTX Biotechnology is accepted as a suitable science subject in lieu of Biology. Applicants taking the Højere Forberedelseseksamen (extended version) / Højere Handelseksamen / Højere Teknisk Eksamen should take particular care to ensure that they meet any specific subject requirements for their chosen course, and may wish to consult a College Admissions Office for advice. Applicants for Sciences courses with either the HTX or STX should be aware that significant additional independent study will be required for both the admissions assessment and the commencement of the course. Please see the individual course pages for details on admissions assessment requirements. Ecuador If you are studying for the Título de Bachiller en Ciencias, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Título de Bachiller en Ciencias alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of at least 9.5 (excelente) in the Título de Bachiller en Ciencias possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Título de Bachiller en Ciencias, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Egypt Minimum offers for applicants taking the Certificate of Nile International Secondary Education (CNISE) would be based on achieving the A level minimum offer requirements for your chosen course at L3 in subjects certified by Cambridge International. Check the relevant course page for the minimum A level requirements. If you are studying for the Thanaweya A'ama/Al-Azhar General Secondary School Certificate or Egyptian STEM Diploma, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Thanaweya A'ama/Al-Azhar General Secondary School Certificate or Egyptian STEM Diploma alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall score of at least 95% in the General Secondary School Certificate possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and Thanaweya A'ama/Al-Azhar General Secondary School Certificate/ Egyptian STEM Diploma, or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Estonia Minimum offers for applicants taking the Gumnaasiumi Ioptunnistus with Riigiesksamitsunnistus (Secondary School Leaving Certificate with the State Examination Certificate) would be based on an overall average score of 5 from 5 subjects. Applicants are also usually asked to achieve scores of 90% in 3 state exams (Riigeksam) in individual subjects. Students taking 2 state exams and instead of a state exam in a foreign language, the C1 Advanced, formerly known as Cambridge English Advanced (CAE), fulfil the entry requirements. If no state examinations are to be conducted in the subject(s) you have been asked to take as part of your offer, it is essential that you contact your Cambridge College as soon as you are made aware of this and before the examinations take place. Successful applicants studying for the Gumnaasiumi Ioptunnistus with Riigiesksamitsunnistus have usually undertaken additional study outside of their main qualification. In the past, this has meant good performance in relevant science Olympiads or College Board Advanced Placement tests (APs). Finland Offers for applicants taking the Ylioppilastutkintodistus (Matriculation Examination) would be based on a minimum of 3 subjects at grade 7 or Laudatur, plus 2 subjects at grade 6 or Eximia cum laude approbatur. France Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diplôme du baccalauréat general (French Baccalaureate, including the baccalauréat français international ) would be based on 17 (mention très bien) out of 20. Applicants are also usually asked to achieve a minimum of 17 in individual subjects. Please note that in recent admissions rounds, most successful applicants have exceeded the minimum entry requirement of 17 out of 20, especially in relevant subjects. Applicants for Cambridge courses with significant Mathematics content (eg Computer Science, Economics, Natural Sciences) should note that there will likely be Mathematics questions at interviews in early December. There are a number of Mathematics resources available online, such as NRICH Mathematics , which can provide useful preparation and practice if you are invited to interview. Germany Minimum offers for applicants taking the German Abitur would be based on an overall score of between 1.0 and 1.2, with 14 or 15 in individual subjects. This would include high scores in individual LK (Leistungskurse)/Kurse mit erhöhtem Anforderungsniveau subjects where the subjects are required at A Level ( see the relevant course page for details ) Ghana If you are studying for the West African Senior School Certificate Examination, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the West African Senior School Certificate Examination alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of A1 in each subject of the West African Senior School Certificate Examination possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the West African Senior School Certificate Examination or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Greece Minimum offers for applicants taking the Apolytirion of Lykeio would be based on an overall score of 19 together with 2 GCE A Levels in appropriate subjects at grade A* or A or an average score of 19 in the Pan Hellenic examinations if GCE A Levels are not available. Guyana Minimum offers for applicants taking the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination (CAPE) would be based on Grade I in 3 two-unit courses in relevant subjects. We also accept the CAPE Associate Degree and CAPE Diploma, if the requirements above are met. Hong Kong The minimum offer level for candidates taking the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) will depend on the Cambridge course for which you are applying. Applicants will normally be expected to attain the following. Core Subjects Grades of 5 in all core subjects, and grades of 5* in 2 or more relevant core subjects. Please note that for Cambridge courses that require Mathematics and Further Mathematics A Levels, applicants are required to take Extended Module 2 (Algebra and Calculus) Mathematics as part of their core. For Cambridge courses that require Mathematics A Level, applicants are advised to take either Extended Module 1 (Calculus and Statistics) or Extended Module 2 (Algebra and Calculus) Mathematics as part of their core. For Cambridge courses where A Level Further Mathematics and/or Mathematics is desirable but not a requirement, prospective applicants might want to consider taking the appropriate Mathematics Extended Module. Applicants will normally be expected to attain Citizenship and Social Development. Elective Subjects Applicants for courses requiring A*AA at A level will be expected to achieve a minimum of 5*55 in their electives. Applicants for courses requiring A*A*A at A level will be expected to achieve a minimum of 5*5*5 in their electives. General Guidance Applicants for all Cambridge courses may sometimes be asked to achieve 5** in a subject from their electives or the core in place of one or more 5* grades as set out above. When choosing electives, prospective applicants should consult our course pages to identify close subject matches. Combined Science can provide appropriate preparation, but for many courses Colleges will want you to take Biology, Chemistry and/or Physics as individual electives. 'Applied' Category A electives (such as Health Management and Social Care, Integrated Science Technology and Living, Tourism and Hospitality Studies) and Category B electives don't provide an appropriate preparation for most Cambridge courses, where the emphasis is more academic than vocational. However, if required/highly desirable subjects are covered by the Core and other Electives, applicants taking such electives as their seventh or eighth HKDSE subject would be considered. Category C electives can form part of a Cambridge offer, especially where there is a language element to the course. Typical offers for these courses will be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Hungary Minimum offers for applicants taking the Matura /Érettségi Bizonyítvány (Secondary Education Graduation Certificate) would be based on at least 4 subjects at grade 5 ( jeles ) and one at grade 4. Where there is a required subject for the degree scheme (eg Mathematics for Mathematics, Physics or Engineering degrees), students would be expected to take the Higher ( emelt szintu ) examination in this subject. We would normally expect students to be taking at least 2 of the 5 Matura subjects at the Higher Level. Iceland Minimum offers for applicants taking the Stúdentspróf (bóknámsbraut/academic) (Matriculation Certificate) would be based on an overall score of 9.5, with 10 in individual subjects. India The guidance for this country was updated in March 2026. Class XII Class XII qualifications issued by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) are accepted by some Colleges for the following courses: Anglo-Saxon, Norse, and Celtic Archaeology Architecture Asian and Middle Eastern Studies Classics Design Education English Environment, Law, and Economics (formerly Land Economy) Geography History and Modern Languages History and Politics History of Art History Human, Social, and Political Sciences Law Linguistics Linguistics and Modern Languages Modern and Medieval Languages Music Philosophy Theology, Religion, and Philosophy of Religion Veterinary Medicine The Colleges that accept CBSE Class XII qualifications for these courses are: Clare Downing Fitzwilliam Girton Gonville & Caius Hughes Hall Homerton Jesus Lucy Cavendish Murray Edwards Pembroke Peterhouse Queens' Robinson Selwyn Sidney Sussex St Catharine's St Edmund's Trinity Hall Wolfson Minimum offers are based on CBSE Class XII grades A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 in any subjects relevant to the course applied for. If you are applying for Design we advise you to take the CBSE Physics Class XII qualification and Mathematics. If you are applying for Music, Grade 8 Music Theory at Merit or above may be accepted as a supplement or alternative to Class XII Music. You are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you: are studying for Class XII qualifications issued by a board other than CBSE wish to apply to a College that does not accept CBSE Class XII qualifications wish to apply for a course that does not accept CBSE Class XII qualifications Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, plus Grades A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 in relevant Class XII subjects possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK Contact your shortlisted Colleges about the suitability of your qualifications if you intend to apply with: 5 APs and Class XII the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK Indonesia If you are studying for the Ijazah - Sekolah Menengah Atas/Madrasah Aliyah (SMA/MA) (Certificate of Graduation from Academic/Islamic Secondary School) / Surat Tanda Tamat Belajar (SMA/MA), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with Indonesian qualifications alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and successful completion of the Ijazah - Sekolah Menengah Atas/Madrasah Aliyah (SMA/MA) (Certificate of Graduation from Academic/Islamic Secondary School) / Surat Tanda Tamat Belajar (SMA/MA) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Ijazah - Sekolah Menengah Atas/Madrasah Aliyah (SMA/MA) (Certificate of Graduation from Academic/Islamic Secondary School) / Surat Tanda Tamat Belajar (SMA/MA) or the first year of undergraduate study at university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Iran Minimum offers for applicants taking the theoretical stream (Nazari) in 3 years of upper-secondary school and the Konkur would be based on achieving a mark of 19 overall in the theoretical stream (Nazari) High School Diploma plus a ranking in the top 0.1% in the Konkur. Ireland Offers for students taking the Irish Leaving Certificate and applying for courses requiring A*AA would be based on H1H1H1H2H2H2. The typical offers for students taking the Irish Leaving Certificate and applying for courses requiring A*A*A would be based on H1H1H1H1H2H2. Applicants for Medicine should note that a rounded knowledge of Mathematics and the Sciences at GCSE level equivalent is required for the UCAT. More information can be found on the Medicine course page . Israel Minimum offers for applicants studying the Bagrut (Matriculation Certificate) would be based on an overall score of 90, with 90 in a minimum of 3 Level 5 subjects. Italy Offers for applicants studying the Diploma Di Esame Di Stato would be based on a minimum overall score of at least 100. Trinity College has different requirements - you should check Trinity's website for more information . Jamaica Minimum offers for applicants taking the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination (CAPE) would be based on Grade I in three two-unit courses in relevant subjects. We also accept the CAPE Associate Degree and CAPE Diploma, if the requirements above are met. Japan If you are studying for the Kōtō Gakkō Sotsugyō Shōmei Sho, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Kōtō Gakkō Sotsugyō Shōmei Sho alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5 with an overall GPA of 5.0 including grade 5 in [list relevant subjects] in the Kōtō Gakkō Sotsugyō Shōmei Sho possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Kōtō Gakkō Sotsugyō Shōmei Sho or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your chosen College for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Jordan If you are studying for the Certificate of General Secondary Education, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Certificate of General Secondary Education alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of at least 95 (Excellent) in the Certificate of General Secondary Education possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK. If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Certificate of General Secondary Education or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Kazakhstan Nazarbayev Intellectual Schools' Grade 12 Certificate Minimum offers for applicants taking the Nazarbayev Intellectual Schools' Grade 12 Certificate would be based on achieving the A level minimum offer requirements for your chosen course in Higher Level certified by Cambridge International. Check the relevant course page for the minimum A level requirements. Attestat/Svidetel' stvo o Srednem Obrazovanii (Certificate of General Secondary Education) If you are studying for the Attestat/Svidetel' stvo o Srednem Obrazovanii (Certificate of General Secondary Education), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Attestat/Svidetel' stvo o Srednem Obrazovanii alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 5 (Отлично) in each subject of the Attestat/Svidetel' stvo o Srednem Obrazovanii (Certificate of General Secondary Education) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Attestat/Svidetel' stvo o Srednem Obrazovanii (Certificate of General Secondary Education) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Kenya If you are studying for the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful.. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and grade 'A' in the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education in relevant subjects possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Latvia Minimum offers for applicants taking the Atestāts Par Vispārējo Vidējo Izglītību (Certificate of General Secondary Education) would be based on an overall average of 9.0-9.6 as well as 90-95% in 3 relevant state exams. Successful applicants studying for the Atestāts Par Vispārējo Vidējo Izglītību have usually undertaken additional study outside of their main qualification. In the past, this has meant good performance in relevant science Olympiads or College Board Advanced Placement tests (APs). Lebanon The guidance for this country was updated in June 2026. Baccalauréat Libanais (General Secondary Certificate) If you are studying for the Baccalauréat Libanais (General Secondary Certificate), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Baccalauréat Libanais (General Secondary Certificate) alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 530/560 (dependent on the chosen stream) in the Baccalauréat Libanais (General Secondary Certificate) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Baccalauréat Libanais (General Secondary Certificate) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Liechtenstein Minimum offers for applicants taking the Matura would be based on a score of 6.0 in individual subjects. Lithuania Minimum offers for applicants taking the Brandos Atestatas (Secondary School Leaving Certificate) would be based on an overall average of 9 in the state examinations (valstybinis), including 95 in 3 specified subjects. Successful applicants studying for the Brandos Atestatas have usually undertaken additional study outside of their main qualification. In the past, this has meant good performance in relevant science Olympiads, or College Board Advanced Placement Tests (APs). Luxembourg Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diplôme de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires would be based on an overall score of at least 50 ( très bien ). Malaysia Minimum offers for applicants taking the STPM (Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia) (Malaysia Higher School Certificate) would be based on grades AAA. Minimum offers for applicants taking the Matrikulasi (Matriculation Certificate) would be based on a CGPA of 3.80. Maldives Minimum offers for applicants studying towards the Higher School Certificate would be based on grades achieved in 3 International A levels offered by Cambridge International, Oxford AQA or Pearson Edexcel as part of the Certificate and based on achieving the A level minimum offer requirements for your chosen course. Check the relevant course page for the minimum A level requirements. Malta Minimum offers for applicants taking the Matriculation Certificate of Examinations would be based on grades AAA in 3 relevant Advanced Level subjects and AAA in 3 Intermediate Level subjects. Applicants studying towards International A Levels (offered by Cambridge International, Oxford AQA or Pearson Edexcel) should refer to the A Level requirements on our Qualifications we accept webpage. Mauritius Minimum offers for applicants taking the Mauritius (Cambridge) High School Certificate would be based on 3 Cambridge International A levels taken as part of the Certificate and based on achieving the A level minimum offer requirements for your chosen course. Check the relevant course page for the minimum A level requirements. Mexico If you are studying for the Título Académico de Bachiller / Diploma de Bachiller / Bachillerato General, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Título Académico de Bachiller / Diploma de Bachiller / Bachillerato General alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade 10 (diez) in the Título Académico de Bachiller / Diploma de Bachiller / Bachillerato General possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Título Académico de Bachiller / Diploma de Bachiller / Bachillerato Genera) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Montenegro Minimum offers for applicants taking the Диплома о положеном матурском испиту / Diploma o položenom maturskom ispitu would be based on an overall score of 5 with 5 in individual subjects. This would include a score of 5 in subjects where the subjects are required at A Level ( see the relevant course page for details ). Nepal If you are studying for the Higher Secondary Education Certificate / School Leaving Certificate Examination (Grade XI & XII), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Higher Secondary Education Certificate / School Leaving Certificate Examination (Grade XI & XII) alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall GPA of at least 3.61 in the Higher Secondary Education Certificate and School Leaving Certificate Examination (Grade XI & XII) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Higher Secondary Education Certificate and School Leaving Certificate Examination (Grade XI & XII) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Netherlands Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diploma Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) would be based on an overall score of at least 8.0 ( goed ) and 9.0 ( zeer goed ) in one or 2 relevant subjects. Minimum offers for applicants taking the Propedeuse are based on successful completion of the first year of a Bachelor degree programme from a research university (WO) or a university of applied science (HBO). New Zealand Minimum offers for applicants studying the NCEA Level 3 would be based on a majority of Excellences in relevant subjects to be studied. The overall NCEA Level 3 certificate is to be endorsed with Excellence. Nigeria If you are studying for the West African Senior School Certificate Examination, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the West African Senior School Certificate alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of A1 in each subject in the West African Senior School Certificate Examination possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the West African Senior School Certificate Examination or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. North Macedonia Minimum offers for applicants taking the State Matura (Државна матурa) would be based on an overall score of 5.0 with 5.0 in relevant individual subjects ( see the relevant course page for details ). Norway Minimum offers for applicants taking the Vitnemål for videregående opplæring (Leaving Certificate from Upper Secondary School) would be based on at least 5.0 overall and 6.0 in individual subjects. Pakistan If you are studying for the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSC) / Intermediate, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSC) / Intermediate alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall of A+ (990 - 1100) in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSC) / Intermediate possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSC) / Intermediate or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Panama If you are studying for the Bachillerato, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Bachillerato alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 5.0 in the Bachillerato possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Bachillerato or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Peru If you are studying for the Certificado de Educación Secundaria Común Completa, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Certificado de Educación Secundaria Común Completa alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of AD in the Certificado de Educación Secundaria Común Completa possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Certificado de Educación Secundaria Común Completa or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Palestine If you are studying for the General Secondary Education Certificate, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the General Secondary Education Certificate alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of at least 90 in the General Secondary Education Certificate possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the General Secondary Education Certificate or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Philippines If you are studying for the High School Diploma / Senior High School Diploma, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the High School Diploma / Senior High School Diploma alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of at least 95 in the High School Diploma and Senior High School Diploma possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the High School Diploma and Senior High School Diploma or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Poland Minimum offers for applicants taking the Świadectwo Dojrzałości (Certificate of Maturity) / Nova Matura would be based on applicants achieving 95th percentile scores in up to 2 extended level subjects and an average of 90th percentile across all subjects taken. Applicants taking the Nova Matura are also advised to contact their Cambridge College with information about their school curriculum and which state exams they are able to access. Portugal Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diploma Nível Secundário de Educação / Certificado Nível Secundário de Educação would be based on a minimum score of 18.0 in all subjects and 19.0 in some specific subjects. Romania Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diplomă de Bacalaureat (Baccalaureate Diploma) would be based on a score of 9.5 overall and 9.8 in specific subjects. Russia If you are studying for the Attestat o (polnom) Srednem Obshchem Obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary (Complete) General Education) you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Attestat alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of excellent (Отлично) in each subject of the he Attestat o (polnom) Srednem Obshchem Obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary (Complete) General Education) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Attestat o (polnom) Srednem Obshchem Obrazovanii (Certificate of Secondary (Complete) General Education) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Saudi Arabia The guidance for this country was updated in June 2026. Tawjihiyah (General Secondary Education Certificate) If you are studying for the Tawjihiyah (General Secondary Education Certificate) you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Tawjihiyah alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and at least 90% (Excellent) in the Tawjihiyah (General Secondary Education Certificate) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Tawjihiyah (General Secondary Education Certificate) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Serbia Minimum offers for applicants taking the Diploma o stečenom srednjem obrazovanju (Secondary School Leaving Diploma) would be based on an overall score of 5.0 in the Graduation Examination and an overall score of 5.0 in the Fourth Grade transcript, as well as 5.0 in individual subjects. Singapore The guidance for Singapore Polytechnic Diploma was updated in June 2026. Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Levels The minimum offer level would typically be AAAA at H2 Level, or AAA at H2 plus at least a Merit at H3. Applicants should take relevant H3 subjects where these are available to them. All offers will be based on individual circumstances. The Cambridge Colleges welcome applications from those taking Knowledge & Inquiry as a fourth H2 (contrasting subject). If you plan on taking Knowledge & Inquiry as one of your three 'subject relevant' H2s please contact the College that you wish to apply to directly for further advice and guidance. Trinity College has additional requirements - you should check Trinity's website for more information . National University of Singapore High School Diploma Offers for applicants taking the National University of Singapore High School Diploma are made on a case-by-case basis and would be based on achieving a High Distinction. Applicants taking the National University of Singapore High School Diploma are encouraged to take relevant subjects to the highest possible level within the Diploma. Trinity College has additional requirements - you should check Trinity's website for more information . Singapore Polytechnic Diploma Singapore Polytechnic Diploma students will be considered for Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences courses (except Economics). The minimum offer level would be a GPA of 3.85 or higher. It is very important that you are studying subject relevant modules in your Diploma, and you should contact the College that you wish to apply to directly for further advice and guidance. A Singapore Polytechnic Diploma on its own will not be considered suitable preparation for a competitive application to Cambridge Science courses. You will also need to undertake further study. Examples of suitable further study include relevant science Olympiads, A Levels, the International Baccalaureate (IB), Advanced Placement (AP) Tests, or possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK. We recommend that you contact the College that you wish to apply to for further advice and guidance. Deferral for military service This guidance was updated in May 2026. We recognise that if you're a male national/permanent resident of Singapore you must undertake 2 years of military service after turning 18. If this is relevant to you, you may wish to apply for a place deferred for 2 years. So, for example, if you apply in October 2026, you would defer starting your course until October 2029. The following Colleges will consider applications for 2-year deferred places for all courses they offer. Christ's, Churchill, Clare, Corpus Christi, Downing, Emmanuel, Fitzwilliam, Girton, Gonville and Caius, Homerton, Hughes Hall, Jesus, Lucy Cavendish, Magdalene, Pembroke, Peterhouse, Queens', Robinson, Selwyn, Sidney Sussex, St Catharine's, St John's, Trinity, Trinity Hall, Wolfson. St Edmund's College will consider applications for 2-year deferred places for all courses except Medicine. You should apply via UCAS for a one-year deferral (the only option in UCAS). Also, you must state clearly in the 'Is there anything else you want us to know?' section of your My Cambridge Application that you are applying for a 2-year deferral due to compulsory military service. King's College may not consider applications for 2-year deferred places in all circumstances. You should contact them directly for advice before applying. Please note that Murray Edwards and Newnham accept applications from women only. Please contact them directly for advice, if required. Slovakia Typical offers for applicants taking the Vysvedčenie o maturitnej skúške (Secondary School Leaving Certificate) would be based on a minimum of grade 2.0 (chvalitebny) in all subjects with the majority at grade 1.0 (vyborny), and scores in written examinations of 85% or above. Slovenia Minimum offers for applicants taking the Maturitetno spričevalo (Matura Certificate) would be based on a score of at least 4 in all subjects with the majority at 5 and scores of 5 in individual subjects. South Africa If you are studying for the National Senior Certificate (NSC), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the NSC alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 7 in relevant subjects of the National Senior Certificate (NSC) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the National Senior Certificate (NSC) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. South Korea If you are studying for the the Ilbankye Kodung Hakkyo (General High School Diploma), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Ilbankye Kodung Hakkyo alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5 with an overall grade of 수 (su) 90% in the Ilbankye Kodung Hakkyo (General High School Diploma) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Ilbankye Kodung Hakkyo (General High School Diploma) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Spain The guidance for this country was updated in June 2026. Titulo de Bachiller Minimum offers for courses with A Level requirements of A*A*A would be based on an overall average of at least 9.0 in the Título de Bachiller, including 10, 10, 9 in subjects relevant to the course applied for. Minimum offers for courses with A Level requirements of A*AA would be based on an overall average of at least 9.0 in the Título de Bachiller, including 10, 9, 9 in subjects relevant to the course applied for. Sri Lanka Minimum offers for applicants studying the Sri Lanka Advanced Levels would be based on grades AAA in relevant subjects. Applicants studying towards International A Levels (offered by Cambridge International, Oxford AQA or Pearson Edexcel) should refer to the A Level requirements on our Qualifications we accept webpage. Sweden Minimum offers for applicants taking the Examensbevis / Högskoleförberedande examen gymnasieskolan (Fullständigt / utökat program) (Higher Education Preparatory Diploma from Upper Secondary School [full or extended program]) would be based on a total of at least 2500 points, with A grades in the majority of relevant subjects, including in 3 or more specified subjects. Switzerland Minimum offers for applicants taking the Maturitätszeugnis (Federal Maturity Certificate) / Certificat De Maturité / Attestato Di Maturitá / Eidgenössisch Anerkanntes Kantonales Maturitätszeugnis / Certificat De Maturité Cantonal Reconnu Par La Confédération / Attestato Di Maturitä Cantonale Riconosciuto Dalla Confederazione would be based on an overall score of 5.1 and scores of 5.5 in 3 subjects. Syria If you are studying for the Al Shahâda al-Thânawiyya al-Ämma (General Secondary Certificate), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Al Shahâda al-Thânawiyya al-Ämma alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 280/290 (depending on the stream) in the Al Shahâda al-Thânawiyya al-Ämma (General Secondary Certificate) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Al Shahâda al-Thânawiyya al-Ämma (General Secondary Certificate) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Taiwan If you are studying for the Senior High School Leaving Certificate, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Senior High School Leaving Certificate alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and successful completion of the Senior High School Leaving Certificate possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Senior High School Leaving Certificate or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Tanzania Minimum offers for applicants studying the Advanced Certificate of Secondary Education (ACSE) would be based on grades AAA at Principal level in relevant subjects. Thailand If you are studying for the Certificate of Secondary Education / Matahayon Suksa (Maw 6), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Certificate of Secondary Education alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 4.0 (Excellent) in the Certificate of Secondary Education / Maw 6 possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Certificate of Secondary Education / Maw 6 or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Trinidad and Tobago Minimum offers for applicants taking the Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination (CAPE) would be based on Grade I in 3 two-unit courses in relevant subjects. We also accept the CAPE Associate Degree and CAPE Diploma, if the requirements above are met. Tunisia If you are studying for the Tunisian Baccalauréat, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Tunisian Baccalauréat alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 20 (tres bien) in the Tunisian Baccalauréat possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Tunisian Baccalauréat or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Turkey If you are studying for the Devlet Lise Diplomasi / Lise Bitime Diplomasi / Anadolu Lisesi, you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with Devlet Lise Diplomasi / Lise Bitime Diplomasi / Anadolu Lisesi alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of at least 85 (pekiyi) in the Devlet Lise Diplomasi, Lise Bitime Diplomasi and Anadolu Lisesi possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Devlet Lise Diplomasi, Lise Bitime Diplomasi and Anadolu Lisesi or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Uganda Minimum offers for the Uganda Advanced Certificate of Education (UACE) would be based on grades AAA at principal level in relevant subjects. Ukraine The Certificate of Complete General Education is not considered to be suitable preparation for a competitive application to the University of Cambridge. We strongly recommend that you undertake further study if you wish to apply for an undergraduate degree. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of 12 in the Certificate of Complete General Education a score of at least 182 in specified elements of the National Multisubject Test, an overall grade of 12 in the Certificate of Complete General Education possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Certificate of Complete General Education, the National Multisubject Test or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your chosen College for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. United Arab Emirates If you are studying for the Tawjihiyya (General Secondary Education Certificate), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Tawjihiyya alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of at least 95 in the Tawjihiyya (General Secondary Education Certificate) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Tawjihiyya (General Secondary Education Certificate) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. United States of America Cambridge Colleges require strong performance in standardised tests. Completion of a US High School Diploma alone is not considered suitable preparation for entry. Typically, students from the United States will demonstrate suitable preparation with a combination of AP tests and the SAT and/or ACT. Advanced Placement (AP) Typically, suitable evidence of preparation for entry would comprise: a minimum of 5 Advanced Placement (AP) Scores at grade 5 in subjects related to the course applied for and a high score on the SAT or ACT and a high overall GPA in your US High School Diploma Applicants taking AP, SAT, and ACT tests are required to disclose all tests taken and scores achieved (including retakes). Cambridge Colleges reserve the right to contact ACT, College Board or your school to confirm your results. Standardised tests (AP, SAT, ACT) should have been achieved within 2 years of matriculation to the University of Cambridge. Academic entry requirements do not need to be met at the point of application submission, though you should be on-track to fulfilling (or exceeding) minimum entry requirements by the end of your final year of High School. Pending standardised tests should be listed on the Education History section of the UCAS application. If you're attending a school that offers fewer than 5 APs, you should self-enrol onto additional AP tests to meet/surpass Cambridge AP entry requirements. AP Tests can be taken without completing the relevant AP Course. Cambridge Colleges will take into account your individual circumstances as well as the policies of your school. You, or your school, may therefore be asked to provide further information as part of their application. Predicted Scores Admission to UK universities operate on a pre-qualification basis - offers are made in advance of applicants achieving their final grades. Offers are confirmed once an applicant's qualifications have been achieved and all conditions met. UCAS asks referees to indicate the expected test performance of an applicant via predicted grades. These predicted grades are used during the admissions process to help the University understand each applicant's potential. AP Capstone We welcome AP Capstone and would encourage applicants to undertake AP Research and Seminar courses as it will help to develop independent study and research skills valuable for higher education. AP Capstone scores will not usually count towards the requirements for 5 or more scores of 5. Choosing AP Tests When choosing which AP Tests to sit for, you should check our course pages to identify close subject matches. For Cambridge courses that ask for Mathematics and Further Mathematics A level, we strongly prefer you to take AP Calculus BC. For courses that ask for Physics A level, we prefer you to take the 2 Physics C Tests - AP Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism, AP Physics C: Mechanics. AP Tests do not have to be completed in a single sitting to fulfil this requirement. SAT Score Required If you have taken Advanced Placement examinations or equivalent qualifications alongside the SAT, you will need to have a minimum combined score of 1,500 (Mathematics 750+) for the following courses: most Science courses (Chemical Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Medicine, Natural Sciences, Psychological and Behavioural Sciences and Veterinary Medicine) Economics For all other courses at Cambridge, you will need a minimum combined score of at least 1,460 with a score in Evidence-Based Reading and Writing of at least 730. ACT Score Required If you have taken Advanced Placement examinations or equivalent qualifications alongside ACTs, you will need to have an ACT composite score of 33 out of 36 for the following courses: most Science courses (Chemical Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Medicine, Natural Sciences, Psychological and Behavioural Sciences and Veterinary Medicine) Economics For all other courses at Cambridge, you will need an ACT composite score of 32 out of 36. Students applying for Science courses should also achieve an ACT Science Score of at least 33. High School Diploma GPA Requirement Very strong performance within the High School Diploma is expected. We encourage referees to provide statements which provide context to the GPA score within the school reference . Other Accepted International Qualifications Cambridge recognises a range of other international qualifications as suitable preparation for entry. International Baccalaureate requirements are listed on the relevant course page. If your US-based international school delivers another international curriculum, select the country from which the curriculum originates to check whether it is accepted and the scores required. Vietnam If you are studying for the Bằng Tốt Nghiệp Phổ Thông Trung Học (Upper Secondary School Graduation Diploma), you are strongly recommended to undertake further study if you wish to apply to Cambridge. Applicants with the Bằng Tốt Nghiệp Phổ Thông Trung Học alone will not be competitive and are unlikely to be successful. Examples of qualifications that would be considered suitable for admission to Cambridge include: A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) 5 or more Advanced Placement (AP) Tests at Score 5, and an overall grade of at least 8 (gioi) in the Bằng Tốt Nghiệp Phổ Thông Trung Học (Upper Secondary School Graduation Diploma) possibly the first year of an undergraduate degree at a university outside the UK If you intend to apply with 5 APs and the Bằng Tốt Nghiệp Phổ Thông Trung Học (Upper Secondary School Graduation Diploma) or the first year of undergraduate study at a university outside the UK, it is recommended you contact your shortlisted Colleges for advice regarding the suitability of your qualifications. Zimbabwe Minimum offers for ZIMSEC A Levels would be based on grades AAA at principal level in relevant subjects. Related links General entry requirements Check the requirements of your course English language requirements Student Admissions and Access Student Admissions and Access Student Services Centre New Museums Site Cambridge CB2 3PT Events : caoevents@admin.cam.ac.uk General admissions : admissions@cam.ac.uk College contacts Student chat About this site About our website Cookie notice Privacy policy Event participant data and booking policies Contact us More information Teachers and advisers Parents and supporters International students Disabled students Mature students Care leavers and estranged students Freedom of Speech © 2026 University of Cambridge Contact the University Accessibility Freedom of information Privacy policy and cookies Statement on Modern Slavery Terms and conditions University A-Z Study at Cambridge Undergraduate Postgraduate Professional and continuing education Executive and professional education Courses in education About the University How the University and Colleges work Give to Cambridge Jobs Map Visiting the University Cambridge University Press & Assessment Research at Cambridge Research news About research at Cambridge Public engagement