Skip to main content Study at Cambridge About the University Research at Cambridge Quick links For staff For Cambridge students For alumni For our researchers Business and enterprise Colleges & departments Email & phone search Give to Cambridge Libraries Museums & collections Search site Home Study at Cambridge Undergraduate Undergraduate courses Applying Events and open days Fees and finance Postgraduate Postgraduate courses How to apply Postgraduate events Fees and funding International students Continuing education Executive and professional education Courses in education About the University How the University and Colleges work Term dates and calendars History Map Visiting the University Annual reports Equality and diversity News A global university Events Public engagement Jobs Give to Cambridge Research at Cambridge For staff For Cambridge students For alumni For our researchers Business and enterprise Colleges & departments Email & phone search Give to Cambridge Libraries Museums & collections Breadcrumb Home Applying to Cambridge Application dates and deadlines for Cambridge Undergraduate Study Horizontal menu Home Student life Student life overview Why Cambridge Study facilities and libraries Cambridge explained Accommodation Sport and societies City life Support for students Disabled students Refugees Care-experienced and estranged students Courses Courses overview Choosing a course How you will learn Careers and graduate prospects Subject A-Z Colleges Colleges overview What is a College? Choosing a College College contacts Area links scheme East Midlands East of England Greater London North East North West Northern Ireland South East South West Wales West Midlands Yorkshire and Humber Fees and funding Fees and funding overview Tuition fees Living costs Study costs UK student finance Family contribution Sharia Law and student funding Scholarships and bursaries Stormzy Scholarship Formula 1 Scholarship Gordon Edge Scholarship Geography Scholarship Music awards Applying Applying overview Application timeline Before you apply Choosing high school subjects Improve your application Entry requirements Qualifications we accept Sixth Term Exam (STEP) International entry requirements Transferring from another university Application statistics Mature student applications Second undergraduate degrees How to apply UCAS application Writing your personal statement Admission tests Clinical aptitude test (UCAT) Law test (LNAT) Engineering and Science test (ESAT) Mathematics test (TMUA) College admission assessments My Cambridge Application Providing a transcript Disruption to your studies After you apply Written work and portfolios Cambridge interviews Prepare for an interview College admission assessments Application decisions Admissions Policy Unspent criminal convictions Contextual data Outcome of your application Terms of Admission Admissions complaints Sixth Term Exam (STEP) After you get your exam results Information for new students Applying for reconsideration Reconsideration eligibility criteria AI and undergraduate applications International International overview Chat with our students Entry requirements Tuition fees and costs International financial support How to apply International visits and events Counsellor Fly-in Visas and immigration Year abroad Get in touch Open Days and Events Open Days and Events overview Upcoming events Cambridge Open Days Virtual Tour Subject Masterclasses Applicant Webinar Series Think Cambridge Teachers and advisers' events Teachers and Advisers' Webinars Counsellor Fly-in International visits and events Counsellor Fly-in HE fairs and exhibitions Find out more Find out more overview Sign up to our Newsletter Widening participation Access and Participation Plans Insight HE+ Sutton Trust Summer Schools Apply: Cambridge Realise STEM SMART Target Oxbridge Parents and supporters Parents' Newsletter Teachers and advisers Writing a UCAS reference Area links Teachers' Newsletter Events for Teachers and Advisers Inspiring Educator Awards Getting here Contact us Application dates and deadlines for Cambridge Vertical menu Applying Application timeline Before you apply How to apply After you apply AI and undergraduate applications Student life Courses Colleges Fees and funding International Open Days and Events Find out more Are you planning to start an undergraduate course at Cambridge in 2027? We've listed the main activities, dates and deadlines for Cambridge. Other deadlines apply for Music Award applicants . You will need to meet all relevant deadlines for your application to be considered. If you're looking to apply to a postgraduate course at Cambridge, view postgraduate application dates and deadlines . 28 April 2026 Search for courses on the UCAS website . 2027 entry courses will be live on UCAS from this date. 12 May 2026 You can start your UCAS application from this point, but you can't submit it until September. 1 June 2026 Applications open for bursary vouchers and access arrangements for the ESAT and TMUA admissions tests. You'll need to take the ESAT if you want to study Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology, Engineering, Natural Sciences or Veterinary Medicine, and the TMUA if you want to study Computer Science, Economics or Mathematics. 23 June 2026 Booking for the UCAT admission test opens, if you want to study Medicine or Graduate Medicine. 13 July 2026 UCAT admissions testing starts, if you want to study Medicine or Graduate Medicine. 20 July 2026 Booking for the ESAT and TMUA admissions tests opens. 1 August 2026 Booking for the LNAT admission test opens, if you want to study Law. 1 September 2026 onwards Submit your UCAS application for Cambridge from this date. Make sure you submit your application by the relevant deadline. You can start to complete your UCAS application from May. LNAT admissions testing starts, if you want to study Law. 10 September 2026 Deadline to apply for access arrangements for the UCAT admissions test if you want to study Medicine or Graduate Medicine. 14 September 2026 Deadline to apply for access arrangements for the ESAT and TMUA . 15 September 2026 Deadline to register for the LNAT admissions test . 16 September 2026 Deadline to register for the UCAT admissions test . 21 September 2026 Deadline for requesting a bursary for the October 2026 sitting for the ESAT and TMUA . 24 September 2026 Take the UCAT admission test by this date if you want to study Medicine or Graduate Medicine. 28 September 2026 Deadline to register for the ESAT and TMUA admissions tests. 12 to 16 October 2026 Take the ESAT between the 12 to 16 October if you want to study Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology, Engineering, Natural Sciences or Veterinary Medicine. Applicants from China, Hong Kong or Macau must take the test on 12 or 13 October. Take the TMUA between the 12 to 16 October if you want to study Computer Science, Economics or Mathematics. Applicants from China, Hong Kong or Macau must take the test on 15 or 16 October. 15 October 2026 Deadline to submit your UCAS application (6pm UK time). If you're a mature student (21+) you can apply to one of the mature Colleges for some courses in January . Take the LNAT before, or at the latest, on 15 October 2026 if you want to study Law. 22 October 2026 Deadline to submit My Cambridge Application (6pm UK time). This is an extra application form that you need to complete if you want to study at Cambridge. If you're applying for the graduate course in Medicine, you won't need to complete My Cambridge Application. Deadline to provide a transcript . This mainly applies to international applicants but may also apply to others depending on their qualifications. Getting a transcript can take several weeks, so we recommend asking for it as early as possible. If you applied for the graduate course in Medicine , this is the deadline to submit your additional application form. This is an extra form that you need to complete if you want to study Medicine (Graduate Course). November 2026 The College you applied to will invite you for an interview, if you've been shortlisted. Find out how to prepare for an interview . Most invitations will be sent in November, but some might be sent in early December. December 2026 Most College interviews take place in the first 3 weeks of December. January 2027 The College you applied to may be impressed by your application, but not have a place for you. If this happens they may share your application with other Colleges to consider. Find out more about how we make a decision on your application . If you applied in October, we will let you know whether we have decided to offer you a place. Find out what to do when you are told the outcome of your application . 13 January 2027 Deadline to apply if you want to study the Foundation Year (6pm UK time). Deadline to apply for some courses if you're a mature student (6pm UK time). 20 January 2027 Deadline to submit My Cambridge Application (6pm UK time) if you apply by the January deadline for mature students. 27 January 2027 If you were interviewed in the main interview period (December 2026) you will find out the outcome of your application on this date. March to April 2027 Students who have applied to one of the mature Colleges in the January round will be interviewed. May to June 2027 You take your A levels, IB and other examinations. Take the Sixth Term Examination Paper (STEP) if you've applied for a course where it's required. August 2027 Exam results are released. Find out what to do when you get your exam results . We will confirm our final decision on your application. Find out how we make application decisions and what you need to do when you are told the outcome of your application . Cambridge application deadlines 15 OCT UCAS application deadline 15 October 2026 (6pm UK time) University term dates Each academic year consists of three eight-week terms: 2025-26 7 Oct - 5 Dec 2025 (Michaelmas) 20 Jan - 20 Mar 2026 (Lent) 28 Apr - 19 Jun 2026 (Easter) 2026-27 6 Oct - 4 Dec 2026 (Michaelmas) 19 Jan - 19 Mar 2027 (Lent) 27 Apr - 18 Jun 2027 (Easter) 2027-28 5 Oct - 3 Dec 2027 (Michaelmas) 18 Jan - 17 Mar 2028 (Lent) 25 Apr - 16 Jun 2028 (Easter) Student Admissions and Access Student Admissions and Access Student Services Centre New Museums Site Cambridge CB2 3PT Events : caoevents@admin.cam.ac.uk General admissions : admissions@cam.ac.uk College contacts Student chat About this site About our website Cookie notice Privacy policy Event participant data and booking policies Contact us More information Teachers and advisers Parents and supporters International students Disabled students Mature students Care leavers and estranged students Freedom of Speech © 2026 University of Cambridge Contact the University Accessibility Freedom of information Privacy policy and cookies Statement on Modern Slavery Terms and conditions University A-Z Study at Cambridge Undergraduate Postgraduate Professional and continuing education Executive and professional education Courses in education About the University How the University and Colleges work Give to Cambridge Jobs Map Visiting the University Cambridge University Press & Assessment Research at Cambridge Research news About research at Cambridge Public engagement