Skip To All NYU Navigation Skip To Main Content To open and close this bar, use option alt + / عربي All NYU Search ()search Close Menu Close عربي All NYU Academics Back Academics Prepare to succeed in a truly global world. Undergraduate Graduate and PhD Divisions and Programs Community Programs Executive Education Apply Back Apply Join the best and the brightest students from more than 120 countries. Undergraduate Graduate and PhD Campus Life Back Campus Life Live in a community that feels like home, surrounded by peers from all over the world. Housing and Accommodation Campus Features and Facilities Living in Abu Dhabi Sports, Athletics, and Fitness Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Research Back Research The NYUAD community is conducting research on the vanguard of almost every field. Research Institute Centers Faculty Labs and Projects Research Translation and Entrepreneurship Impact Facilities and Support Faculty Profiles Researchers Public Programs Back Public Programs Discover shows, art exhibitions, and talks at NYU Abu Dhabi. The Arts Center The Institute The Art Gallery All Events About Back About Exceptional education. World class research. Community-driven. Vision and Mission Leadership and People Facts and Figures The NYU Abu Dhabi Campus Administration and Governance Sustainability and Stewardship Strategic Philanthropy Initiative Community Engagement Quick Links Faculty Current Students Alumni Library Events News Press Room Careers Contact Child Pages Apply for Admission Entry Requirements Key Dates and Deadlines Early Decision Selection Process Breadcrumbs Home Apply Undergraduate Apply for Admission Entry Requirements Entry Requirements What You Need to Apply to NYU Abu Dhabi NYU Abu Dhabi considers each applicant through a comprehensive review process, taking into account their academic preparation, achievements, and experiences. Before applying, review the requirements below to understand what you will need to complete your application. Apply for Admission Scholarships / Financial Aid Common Application Entry Requirements 1. Academic Requirements NYU Abu Dhabi welcomes students from a wide range of educational systems and backgrounds. Applicants should demonstrate strong academic preparation for university-level study. Preparing for Academic Success Many NYU Abu Dhabi degree pathways require rigorous quantitative coursework. Strong preparation in mathematics can help students transition confidently into university-level study and engage fully with the interdisciplinary learning environment at NYU Abu Dhabi. Building a strong foundation in calculus in high school ensures you can transition smoothly and succeed academically from day one. Applicants are required to provide academic records reflecting their secondary school studies. Visit the Apply for Admission page for instructions on submitting transcripts. 2. Standardized Testing NYU will remain test-optional through the 2027-2028 application cycle. Applicants are not required to submit standardized test scores as part of their application. NYU has one of the most flexible testing policies of any college or university. Students who choose to submit standardized testing should review NYU's standardized testing policy for all campuses of NYU. Results from standardized testing exams are an important criteria for evaluating our global pool of applicants. 3. English Language Proficiency Results from English language testing are required for students whose native language is not English, unless they have been studying in a curriculum where English is the sole language of instruction for three years prior to applying. Please review NYU's English Language Testing Requirements for non-native English speakers before applying to ensure that you have completed the required testing by the application deadline. English Language Testing Requirements 4. Age Requirements Students must be 17 years old by August 1 of the year they plan to enroll in order to be eligible to attend NYU Abu Dhabi. Applicants who will not meet this criteria may apply for the following class. If you are uncertain about your eligibility, please contact nyuad.admissions@nyu.edu before you submit your Common Application. 5. Application Requirements A complete application to NYU Abu Dhabi includes: The Common Application Academic records One letter of recommendation STARS (Self-reported Transcript and Academic Record System) The NYU Abu Dhabi Applicant Profile Standardized and/or English language testing, if applicable For step-by-step instructions on completing and submitting your application, visit the Apply for Admission page . Ready to Apply? Start Your Application Let's Connect © 2026 New York University Abu Dhabi Digital Privacy Statement General Feedback Accessibility Back To Top