Accessibility Links Skip to site search Skip to main content Apply to study Canvas Staff intranet Contact us Waipapa Taumata Rau University of Auckland Open Main Menu Toggle Search Apply to study Quick links Close Canvas Staff intranet Contact us Sign in Sign in Canvas Staff intranet Week_Day Day Month No events scheduled for today You have no more events scheduled for today Calendar not available Next event: Show {0} earlier events Show {0} earlier event Event_Time Event_Name Event_Description 3 Open calendar Previous week Next week Other Calendars Key Dates loading Link email Open profile Me Hi {0} My Library account Change password My service requests Edit profile Sign out My studies My GPA My GPA Grade Point Average About your GPA GPA not available Why can't I see my GPA? My progress Points Required Completed points My Progress Progress not available All done! My courses My results Help and support AskAuckland Student hubs Health and counselling All support Help and support Health, safety and wellbeing Emergency information Report an injury, incident or observation Harassment, bullying, sexual assault and other violence Search Clear Search Main Menu Ngā tauira Students Ngā tauira Students Tools Change my password Student Services Online Class search Canvas Concur Student email MyCDES+ (job board) Resources Curriculum Catalogue Forms, policies and guidelines Learning essentials Libraries and Learning Services Our people University Calendar New students Campus Card Academic information Enrol in courses Postgraduate students Summer school Graduation Support AskAuckland Student Hubs Student IT Hub Student Health and Counselling Be well Harassment, bullying, sexual assault and other violence Complaints and incidents Career Development and Employability Services (CDES) Ratonga Hauātanga Tauira | Student Disability Services (SDS) Rainbow support Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Health, safety and wellbeing Emergency information Report an injury, incident or observation Health and safety topics Close Back to Students menu item Close Students menu item Ngā kaimahi Staff Ngā kaimahi Staff My tools Staff email Staff intranet Office 365 Hono Canvas Student Services Online Research Management Solution Space and resource booker Enterprise Insights Portal Forms register PeopleSoft Financials Change my password Staff information Libraries and Learning Services Our people Research resources Policy hub Education Office TeachWell Digital Jobs at the University University Calendar Health, safety and wellbeing Emergency information Report an injury, incident or observation Health and safety topics Harassment, bullying, sexual assault and other violence Close Back to Staff menu item Close Staff menu item Raukura Alumni Raukura Alumni Alumni and friends Our alumni Opportunities Update your details Make a donation What's happening Events News Publications Photo galleries Video and audio What we offer you Career services Virtual Book Club Library services Alumni benefits Contact the Alumni Office Office contact details Alumni and friends on social media Close Back to Alumni menu item Close Alumni menu item Ngā akoranga Study Ngā akoranga Study Study options Find a study option Course information Undergraduate study options Personalised undergraduate study options Postgraduate study options Entry requirements Professional development and short courses 360 International Applications and admissions Apply now Enrol in courses Accommodation options Fees and money matters Scholarships and awards Māori and Pacific students Māori students Pacific students International students China website 中文网站 Study options Entry requirements Scholarships, loans and funding Stay connected Future undergraduate Future postgraduate International student Our faculties Arts and Education Business School Engineering and Design Law Medical and Health Sciences Science Close Back to Study menu item Close Study menu item Rangahau me te auahatanga Research and innovation Rangahau me te auahatanga Research and innovation About our research Signature Research Areas Mātātaki | The Challenge Postgraduate research and study Innovation Our innovation ecosystem UniServices Newmarket Innovation Precinct Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Research centres and institutes University research centres Auckland Bioengineering Institute Liggins Institute Centres of Research Excellence Research platforms Research by faculty Arts and Education Business School Engineering and Design Law Medical and Health Sciences Science Staff intranet resources Funding and applications Research grant and project management Research and innovation strategy and governance Research security and compliance Research resources Research ethics Publishing, communication and profiles Research contacts Research impact and engagement He Korowai Mātauranga Transdisciplinary research, collaboration, and research centres Intellectual property and commercialisation Research infrastructure Research AI, software and computing Research data Research integrity and good research practice Induction, skills and development Close Back to Research and innovation menu item Close Research and innovation menu item Te ao ki konei On campus Te ao ki konei On campus Our campuses Campus maps Emergencies and safety on campus Life on campus Living in Auckland Clubs and societies What's On Māori life on campus Pacific life on campus Accommodation Self-catered accommodation Catered accommodation How to apply Facilities and services Libraries and Learning Services Early childhood centres Food and retail Sport and recreation Event and conference services University of Auckland Clinics Kate Edger Information Commons Close Back to On campus menu item Close On campus menu item Mō mātou About us Mō mātou About us About the University Our faculties and institutes Equity, diversity, and inclusion Sustainability Community services University Calendar Connect with us Contact us Our people Donate to the University Work with us Staff benefits Career development Close Back to About us menu item Close About us menu item Pitopito kōrero News Pitopito kōrero News Latest news University news Sustainable impact Health and medicine Science and technology Mātātaki | The Challenge Notices Publications Events What's on for students University events Institute news Auckland Bioengineering Institute Liggins Institute Faculty news Arts and Education Business School Engineering and Design Law Medical and Health Sciences Science Media enquiries Contacts Find a media expert Close Back to News menu item Close News menu item Takoha Giving Takoha Giving Donate Select an area to support A-Z list of funds Leaving a gift in your will Other ways to give Volunteering and mentoring opportunities Giving news The For All Our Futures Campaign Your questions Questions about giving Tax efficient giving Contact the Fundraising Team Close Back to Giving menu item Close Giving menu item Close Main Menu Breadcrumbs List. Show Truncated Breadcrumbs. Home Ngā akoranga | Study Applications and admissions How to apply You are currently on: Documents to support your application page. Open sub navigation overlay. Documents to support your application You will need to provide documents to support your application. Below are examples. After you submit your application, you will be sent an email listing the documents we require. Alternatively, you can check your application portal for more information. To do this, please see Continue your application . Supporting documents - required Supporting documents - examples Evidence of your name, date of birth, name changes, citizenship or residency Birth certificate, or Relevant pages of your passport, or Citizenship certificate Identity documents must be correctly certified before submitting online. Please follow the detailed instructions in your online application. For more information about providing this document, please see Identity documents . Evidence of prior study (1) (2) Overseas secondary school You can submit your secondary school transcript if you have completed your studies overseas. For more information, check out Secondary school-level transcripts . Tertiary-level study We need to see all tertiary study you've completed or attempted in the form of academic transcripts. You can submit your tertiary-level transcripts in your application portal. If you're asked to provide evidence of completion, you can also submit these to your application portal. For more information, check out Tertiary-level transcripts and certificates . Translations If your documents are in a language other than English, you must provide the original language version and the English translation. For more information, please see Translation of documents for admissions . Transfer of credit If you're looking to transfer credit, you will be asked to provide course outlines (3). Evidence of English language proficiency (4) IELTS or TOEFL or equivalent. For more information about why evidence of English language proficiency may be needed, please see Proof of English language proficiency . Additional documents Supplementary forms, interviews, portfolios or auditions. After you apply, we will email you with any additional requirements and how to complete them. 1. If you are waiting for final results, you can make an application and we will process it as far as possible. When your final results are available, upload your official academic transcript(s) to your application. To access your submitted application, please see Continue your application . 2. If you completed NCEA, Cambridge International and IB study in New Zealand, don't send copies of your results - we can access these directly. Please ensure you have entered your study information in your application for admission and granted the University of Auckland permission to access your results. To apply, please visit Apply now . 3. Your course outlines may be requested if you apply to transfer credit. You will be notified if more documents are required, for example the degree/diploma structure and grading system. For information about course outlines, please visit Course outlines for external transfer of credit applications . 4. International applicants or domestic applicants whose first language is not English need to meet English language requirements. For more information, see: Undergraduate English language requirements Postgraduate English language requirements . Documents required to confirm refugee status If you are applying from a refugee background, you will need to provide: A temporary visa A letter from Immigration New Zealand (INZ) confirming your application for refugee or protected status A certified copy of your passport or birth certificate If you don't have a valid passport, you can use your Refugee Travel Document or a Certificate of Identity as acceptable identity documents. If you are applying as a relative of the person with refugee status, a birth certificate or other document that links you to that person will be required. For more information, see Students from refugee backgrounds . Waipapa Taumata Rau University of Auckland Connect with us Explore About the University Our faculties and institutes About our research Our campuses Libraries and Learning Services Learning and teaching Find a study option Our people University Calendar Careers at the University UniServices Help and support Contact us AskAuckland Emergencies and safety on campus Donate to the University Complaints Provide feedback Whistleblower hotline Connect with us Accessibility Copyright Privacy Disclaimer Jump to section... This dialog can be closed by pressing Escape close button . ID card photo requirements Identity documents Domestic or international status Certifying copies of your documents for admissions Translation of documents for admissions Proof of English language proficiency Transcripts for admissions purposes Academic history Close Overlay