Accessibility Links Skip to site search Skip to main content Apply to study Canvas Staff intranet Contact us Waipapa Taumata Rau University of Auckland Open Main Menu Toggle Search Apply to study Quick links Close Canvas Staff intranet Contact us Sign in Sign in Canvas Staff intranet Week_Day Day Month No events scheduled for today You have no more events scheduled for today Calendar not available Next event: Show {0} earlier events Show {0} earlier event Event_Time Event_Name Event_Description 3 Open calendar Previous week Next week Other Calendars Key Dates loading Link email Open profile Me Hi {0} My Library account Change password My service requests Edit profile Sign out My studies My GPA My GPA Grade Point Average About your GPA GPA not available Why can't I see my GPA? My progress Points Required Completed points My Progress Progress not available All done! My courses My results Help and support AskAuckland Student hubs Health and counselling All support Help and support Health, safety and wellbeing Emergency information Report an injury, incident or observation Harassment, bullying, sexual assault and other violence Search Clear Search Main Menu Ngā tauira Students Ngā tauira Students Tools Change my password Student Services Online Class search Canvas Concur Student email MyCDES+ (job board) Resources Curriculum Catalogue Forms, policies and guidelines Learning essentials Libraries and Learning Services Our people University Calendar New students Campus Card Academic information Enrol in courses Postgraduate students Summer school Graduation Support AskAuckland Student Hubs Student IT Hub Student Health and Counselling Be well Harassment, bullying, sexual assault and other violence Complaints and incidents Career Development and Employability Services (CDES) Ratonga Hauātanga Tauira | Student Disability Services (SDS) Rainbow support Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Health, safety and wellbeing Emergency information Report an injury, incident or observation Health and safety topics Close Back to Students menu item Close Students menu item Ngā kaimahi Staff Ngā kaimahi Staff My tools Staff email Staff intranet Office 365 Hono Canvas Student Services Online Research Management Solution Space and resource booker Enterprise Insights Portal Forms register PeopleSoft Financials Change my password Staff information Libraries and Learning Services Our people Research resources Policy hub Education Office TeachWell Digital Jobs at the University University Calendar Health, safety and wellbeing Emergency information Report an injury, incident or observation Health and safety topics Harassment, bullying, sexual assault and other violence Close Back to Staff menu item Close Staff menu item Raukura Alumni Raukura Alumni Alumni and friends Our alumni Opportunities Update your details Make a donation What's happening Events News Publications Photo galleries Video and audio What we offer you Career services Virtual Book Club Library services Alumni benefits Contact the Alumni Office Office contact details Alumni and friends on social media Close Back to Alumni menu item Close Alumni menu item Ngā akoranga Study Ngā akoranga Study Study options Find a study option Course information Undergraduate study options Personalised undergraduate study options Postgraduate study options Entry requirements Professional development and short courses 360 International Applications and admissions Apply now Enrol in courses Accommodation options Fees and money matters Scholarships and awards Māori and Pacific students Māori students Pacific students International students China website 中文网站 Study options Entry requirements Scholarships, loans and funding Stay connected Future undergraduate Future postgraduate International student Our faculties Arts and Education Business School Engineering and Design Law Medical and Health Sciences Science Close Back to Study menu item Close Study menu item Rangahau me te auahatanga Research and innovation Rangahau me te auahatanga Research and innovation About our research Signature Research Areas Mātātaki | The Challenge Postgraduate research and study Innovation Our innovation ecosystem UniServices Newmarket Innovation Precinct Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Research centres and institutes University research centres Auckland Bioengineering Institute Liggins Institute Centres of Research Excellence Research platforms Research by faculty Arts and Education Business School Engineering and Design Law Medical and Health Sciences Science Staff intranet resources Funding and applications Research grant and project management Research and innovation strategy and governance Research security and compliance Research resources Research ethics Publishing, communication and profiles Research contacts Research impact and engagement He Korowai Mātauranga Transdisciplinary research, collaboration, and research centres Intellectual property and commercialisation Research infrastructure Research AI, software and computing Research data Research integrity and good research practice Induction, skills and development Close Back to Research and innovation menu item Close Research and innovation menu item Te ao ki konei On campus Te ao ki konei On campus Our campuses Campus maps Emergencies and safety on campus Life on campus Living in Auckland Clubs and societies What's On Māori life on campus Pacific life on campus Accommodation Self-catered accommodation Catered accommodation How to apply Facilities and services Libraries and Learning Services Early childhood centres Food and retail Sport and recreation Event and conference services University of Auckland Clinics Kate Edger Information Commons Close Back to On campus menu item Close On campus menu item Mō mātou About us Mō mātou About us About the University Our faculties and institutes Equity, diversity, and inclusion Sustainability Community services University Calendar Connect with us Contact us Our people Donate to the University Work with us Staff benefits Career development Close Back to About us menu item Close About us menu item Pitopito kōrero News Pitopito kōrero News Latest news University news Sustainable impact Health and medicine Science and technology Mātātaki | The Challenge Notices Publications Events What's on for students University events Institute news Auckland Bioengineering Institute Liggins Institute Faculty news Arts and Education Business School Engineering and Design Law Medical and Health Sciences Science Media enquiries Contacts Find a media expert Close Back to News menu item Close News menu item Takoha Giving Takoha Giving Donate Select an area to support A-Z list of funds Leaving a gift in your will Other ways to give Volunteering and mentoring opportunities Giving news The For All Our Futures Campaign Your questions Questions about giving Tax efficient giving Contact the Fundraising Team Close Back to Giving menu item Close Giving menu item Close Main Menu Science Bachelor of Science BSc With so many options to choose from, the Bachelor of Science degree (BSc) is your opportunity to create a solid foundation for your study in the Earth, Chemical, Computational, Human, Life, Mathematical and Physical Sciences. Apply now for Bachelor of Science Duration Full-time: 3 years Part-time: Varies Next start date 2027 Semester One - 1 March 2027 Semester Two - 19 July Available locations City, Grafton Points 360 Programme type Undergraduate Conjoint options available Breadcrumbs List. Show Truncated Breadcrumbs. Home Ngā akoranga | Study Study options Find a study option You are currently on: Bachelor of Science Programme overview If you have a mind for science and you're keen to keep your options open, the BSc is the degree for you. With many undergraduate majors across a wide range of subject areas, it allows you to incorporate different areas of interest and expertise. As well as strongly emphasising transferable skills to improve your employment opportunities, this programme will expose you to cutting-edge technologies and provide a gateway to independent research. Throughout your undergraduate degree you'll be taught by knowledgeable scientists, many of whom are major contributors in their field. You can choose from a wide range of subject areas, as well as having the option to take a double major or a conjoint. You'll also include a capstone course at Stage III. The capstone course is student-led. It's your opportunity to integrate and apply your learning to a real-world problem in your chosen subject area. If you're interested in pursuing a health-related discipline, from 2027 you'll be able to choose from six Bachelor of Science health majors that offer a year one entry pathway into year two clinical programmes.* *Semester Two intake is not available for applicants intending to take a Bachelor of Science health major as a pathway into year two clinical programmes. Conjoint options Conjoint programmes let you pursue two undergraduate bachelors degrees at the same time. Bachelor of Arts/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Commerce/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Design/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Engineering (Honours)/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Fine Arts/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Global Studies/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Health Sciences/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Music/Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Science/Bachelor of Laws Bachelor of Science/Bachelor of Laws (Honours) Programme structure Entry requirements Fees and scholarships Key dates Subjects and modules Programme structure BSc programme structure To complete a BSc degree, you need to pass courses totalling 360 points. Most courses are worth 15 points, and you must complete the requirements for one or more majors, or one specialisation. You must also complete a numeracy course * and a capstone course, each worth 15 points, for your chosen major or specialisation. Major: a subject area that makes up about a third of your courses Specialisation: a subject that makes up about half of your courses Capstone course: a student-led project where you integrate and apply your learning to a real-world problem in your chosen major or specialisation Please see the 'Subjects and modules' tab for a full list of majors and specialisations available to you in the BSc The following is a sample structure if you are a full-time student completing the programme over three years. In your first year: You will enrol in eight courses with the flexibility to explore many subject areas You will probably take four courses in Semester One and four courses in Semester Two You will also take a numeracy course worth 15 points* You will enrol in a course from the General Education schedules You must enrol in WTRSCI 100 if you intend to apply for entry to a clinical programme in 2028 (Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery - MBChB, Bachelor of Medical Imaging (Honours) - BMedImag(Hons), Bachelor of Optometry - BOpt, Bachelor of Pharmacy - BPharm) In your second year and beyond: You will enrol in a range of more advanced courses relating to your main subject, as well as other related areas within the Science schedules to add depth to your knowledge You must select one course from the General Education schedules You may include 30 points (two courses) from subjects outside of the Science schedule In your final year: You will complete a capstone course for your chosen major or specialisation Explore the full programme structure in the Curriculum Catalogue *The 15 point numeracy course is a BSc programme requirement from 2027. Most students need to take one General Education course . Students should also be aware of the University's Academic English Language Requirement . For detailed information about a specific programme, including its courses and regulations, visit the Curriculum Catalogue . For the general university requirements for admission, enrolment and fees, visit the University Calendar . 2026 entry requirements My highest qualification is from: New Zealand Outside New Zealand Secondary school qualifications Secondary school qualifications Show details Hide details If you're joining us from secondary school, here's what you need to enter the programme. You are guaranteed entry to this programme if you meet these requirements. First, you must meet the University Entrance (UE) standard . You must also meet the rank score for this programme. Not sure about your rank score? Use our rank score calculator . You may need to have studied certain subjects or achieved credits in particular subjects. Some programmes have additional requirements, such as an interview, portfolio or references. Guaranteed rank score, subject and other requirements The Bachelor of Science is a limited entry programme and the selection criteria is subject to University Council approval. The finalised selection criteria is expected to be available in September. If your rank score is slightly lower than the guaranteed score, we encourage you to still apply. We will consider your application if places are available. If you don't meet the requirements, you may be able to apply under our Undergraduate Targeted Admission Schemes. Qualification NCEA National Certificate of Educational Achievement Score required 165 Qualification CIE Cambridge International Examinations Score required 170 Qualification IB International Baccalaureate Score required 26 Read more about entry requirements for New Zealand secondary school applicants . Further requirements * Higher scores are required for Majors in Cell and Molecular Bioscience, Exercise Science, Medicinal Chemistry, Nutrition, Pharmacology and Physiology. NCEA - 200 CIE - 200 IB - 28 Tertiary qualifications Tertiary qualifications Show details Hide details If you've studied at a tertiary institution, here's what you need to enter the programme. You can transfer from another tertiary institution, or another University of Auckland qualification, if you meet these requirements. Minimum grade requirements These are the minimum grades required for consideration for entry to this programme but they do not guarantee entry. Grade required GPA Grade Point Average 3.0 Calculate your Grade Point Average Grade required GPE Grade Point Equivalent 3.0 Calculate your Grade Point Equivalent Further requirements You must have completed one year of successful bachelor degree study from a New Zealand tertiary institution, or one year of successful study as part of an acceptable sub-degree qualification from a New Zealand tertiary institution. Transfer of Credit - You can apply for transfer of credit for tertiary courses completed elsewhere as part of your Application for Admission. For more information, see External transfer of credit . If you have completed study at another New Zealand University, get an estimate of the transfer credit you may be eligible for, using our Transfer Credit Calculator . 2026 If you are applying for a specialisation in Food Science and Nutrition you must have a GPA or GPE of 3.5. 2027 For most majors under the BSc, you must have a GPA or GPE of 3.0 to be considered. If you are applying for a major in Cell and Molecular Bioscience, Exercise Science, Medicinal Chemistry, Nutrition, Pharmacology or Physiology, you must have a GPA or GPE of 3.5 to be considered. See information about prior tertiary study requirements Other pathways to study Other pathways to study Show details Hide details You could be eligible for another programme , or check out these alternative pathways: See if you meet the criteria for the Undergraduate Targeted Admission Scheme (UTAS) . Bridge your educational gap with a preparation and foundation programme . If you are 20 on or before the first day of semester, have no formal University Entrance (UE) qualification, and are a New Zealand or Australian citizen or permanent resident you can apply for special admission . If you are under 20, have no formal University Entrance (UE) qualification, and are a New Zealand or Australian citizen or permanent resident you can apply for discretionary entrance . If you can demonstrate outstanding academic achievement and maturity, we offer admission to applicants under 16 . 2027 See if you meet the criteria for the Undergraduate Targeted Admission Scheme (UTAS) . Bridge your educational gap with a preparation and foundation programme . If you are 20 on or before the first day of semester, have no formal University Entrance (UE) qualification, and are a New Zealand or Australian citizen or permanent resident you can apply for special admission . If you are under 20, have no formal University Entrance (UE) qualification, and are a New Zealand or Australian citizen or permanent resident you can apply for discretionary entrance . If you can demonstrate outstanding academic achievement and maturity, we offer admission to applicants under 16 . My highest qualification is from this country or region: My highest qualification is from this country or region: Show details Hide details Select a country or region Country or region not listed India USA China (People's Republic) Australia United Kingdom Australia Austria Bangladesh Botswana Brazil Canada Chile China (People's Republic) Colombia Denmark Fiji Finland France Germany Ghana Hong Kong India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Japan Malaysia Mexico Namibia Netherlands Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Papua New Guinea Samoa Singapore South Africa South Korea Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Tonga United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe Secondary school qualifications Secondary school qualifications Show details Hide details If you're joining us from secondary school, here's what you need to enter the programme. You need to have one of the following: International Baccalaureate Diploma with a minimum total score of 24. General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced Level . You must have completed a minimum of three A-Level subjects. Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) . You must have completed a minimum of three A-level subjects. GCE 'A' Level requirements apply to 'A' Level qualifications examined by bodies such as AQA, OCR, Edexcel, WJEC, CCEA and Pearson Education Limited taken outside of New Zealand. Minimum grade, subject and other requirements The Bachelor of Science is a limited entry programme and the selection criteria is subject to University Council approval. The finalised selection criteria is expected to be available in September. Minimum requirements listed here are the likely grades required and do not guarantee entry. We assess each application individually and applicants may require a higher grade to be offered a place. Your CIE/GCE A level score is calculated on the best three academic subjects and General Studies cannot be included. Qualification IB International Baccalaureate Diploma Score required 26 + Qualification IELTS Academic International English Language Testing System Score required 6.0 No bands less than 5.5. See alternative English language requirements Qualification GCE A Level/CIE General Certificate of Education Advanced Level Score required BCC + Qualification IELTS Academic International English Language Testing System Score required 6.0 No bands less than 5.5. See alternative English language requirements Further requirements 2026 If you are applying for Biomedical Science you will need an IB score of 33 or a GCE A Level score of ABB. If you are applying for Food Science and Nutrition you will need an IB score of 28 or a GCE A Level score of BBC. 2027 For most majors under the BSc, you will need an IB score of 26 or a GCE A Level score of BCC to be considered. If you are applying for a major in Cell and Molecular Bioscience, Exercise Science, Medicinal Chemistry, Nutrition, Pharmacology or Physiology you will need an IB score of 28 or a GCE A Level score of BBC to be considered. Tertiary qualifications Tertiary qualifications Show details Hide details If you've studied at a tertiary institution, here's what you need to enter the programme. You can transfer from another tertiary institution if you meet these requirements. You need to have the following: One year successful bachelor-degree level study at a recognised university (or similar institution) overseas. See information about prior tertiary study requirements Guaranteed grade requirements These are the grades required for guaranteed entry to the Bachelor of Science. If your grades are slightly lower, we encourage you to still apply. We will consider your application if places are available. Higher grades are required for Biomedical Science and Food Science and Nutrition. Grade required GPE Grade Point Equivalent 3.0 Calculate your Grade Point Equivalent Qualification IELTS Academic International English Language Testing System Score required 6.0 No bands less than 5.5. See alternative English language requirements Further requirements 2026 If you are applying for Food Science and Nutrition you must have a GPE of 3.5. If you are applying for Biomedical Science you must have a GPE of 4.0. Entry to the Biomedical Science major is not guaranteed. 2027 For most majors under the BSc, you must have a GPA or GPE of 3.0 to be considered. If you are applying for a major in Cell and Molecular Bioscience, Exercise Science, Medicinal Chemistry, Nutrition, Pharmacology or Physiology you must have a GPE of 3.5 to be considered. Other pathways to study Other pathways to study Show details Hide details You could be eligible for another programme , or check out these alternative pathways: Bridge your educational gap with a preparation and foundation programme . If you have an offer of place from us that is conditional on meeting English language requirements, you may be considered for English Pathway courses from the University of Auckland English Language Academy (ELA) If you are 20 on or before the first day of semester, have no formal University Entrance (UE) qualification, and are a New Zealand or Australian citizen or permanent resident you can apply for special admission . For detailed information about a specific programme, including its courses and regulations, visit the Curriculum Catalogue . For the general university requirements for admission, enrolment and fees, visit the University Calendar . How much does a Bachelor of Science cost per year? 2026 fees Domestic students NZ$7,616.40 - $10,158 * International students NZ$47,221 - $58,009 * Fees are set in advance of each calendar year and will be updated on this website. Fees are inclusive of 15% GST, but do not include the Student Services Fee, course books, travel and health insurance, or living costs. Amounts shown are indicative only. In addition to the tuition fees, there is a Student Services Fee of $9.44 per point, estimated at $1,132.80 for full-time study (120 points). Fees will be confirmed upon completion of enrolment into courses. *Please note: amounts shown are indicative and estimates only. See course fees for each faculty Find out about financial support information Scholarships and awards Find out about the scholarships you may be eligible for. Student loans and allowances Are you a New Zealand citizen or resident? You could be eligible for a student loan or allowance. Cost of living Get an idea of how much accommodation and general living in Auckland will cost. For detailed information about a specific programme, including its courses and regulations, visit the Curriculum Catalogue . For the general university requirements for admission, enrolment and fees, visit the University Calendar . Key dates Please note: We will consider late applications if places are still available. International students should start the application process as early as possible to allow sufficient time to apply for a visa. Application closing dates Summer School 2026 1 December 2025 Semester One 2026 8 December 2025 Semester Two 2026 8 June 2026 Start dates Here are the start dates for the programme. Start dates for 2026 Summer School Starts - 5 January Ends - 18 February Semester One Starts - 2 March Ends - 29 June Semester Two Starts - 20 July Ends - 16 November Start dates for 2027 Summer School Starts - 6 January Ends - 17 February Semester One Starts - 1 March Ends - 28 June Semester Two Starts - 19 July Ends - 15 November Other important dates See important dates for the academic year , including orientation, enrolment, study breaks, exams, and graduation. How to apply Applying for an undergraduate programme? Check out our step-by-step guide. For detailed information about a specific programme, including its courses and regulations, visit the Curriculum Catalogue . For the general university requirements for admission, enrolment and fees, visit the University Calendar . Subjects available in this programme Anthropological Science Applied Exercise and Sport Sciences Biodiversity, Ecology and Evolution Cell and Molecular Bioscience Chemistry Computer Science Data Science Earth Sciences Environmental Science Exercise Sciences Food Science Geographic Information Science Geography Green Chemical Science Information and Technology Management Logic and Computation Marine Science Mathematics Medicinal Chemistry Nutrition Pharmacology Physics Physiology Psychology Statistics Modules What are modules? A module is an optional grouping of three courses on a particular theme that enables you to add extra value to your degree. You may take one or two modules in addition to your main Science subject, including one module from another Faculty. What are the benefits of taking a module? Taking a module means you can focus on a specific, skills-based area outside of your main Science subject. Modules allow you to develop and diversify your skill set for future employment, and could enhance your career prospects. How do I take a module? It's simple - all you need to do is enrol in your first course. You can then add the module to your BSc via the Student Services Online portal. Modules available Data Analysis Innovation and Entrepreneurship Quantitative Critical Thinking and Communication Science in Society Science Scholars (Only for Science Scholars students) Software Development Spatial Data Analysis Sustainability For detailed information about a specific programme, including its courses and regulations, visit the Curriculum Catalogue . For the general university requirements for admission, enrolment and fees, visit the University Calendar . Where could this programme take you? Because science plays a vital role in addressing the key issues that confront us and future generations, studying the Sciences opens up a wide range of career opportunities. Students find employment in business, small industry, government, teaching and health sectors, as well as research and development. Further study options Bachelor of Science (Honours) Graduate Diploma in Science Postgraduate Diploma in Science Master of Science Doctor of Philosophy See all study options Student career planning service Once you become a student at the University, you can get help with planning and developing your career from Career Development and Employability Services . Key Information for Students Compare qualifications and academic information across different New Zealand institutions. Do you need help? AskAuckland Your online help and support centre. Search our frequently asked questions. Clear Can't find the answer in AskAuckland? Our student support team is here to help. Use our online contact form . Need to speak to someone? You can phone us directly. Auckland: (09) 923 5025 Outside Auckland: 0800 61 62 63 International: +64 9 373 7513 Waipapa Taumata Rau University of Auckland Connect with us Explore About the University Our faculties and institutes About our research Our campuses Libraries and Learning Services Learning and teaching Find a study option Our people University Calendar Careers at the University UniServices Help and support Contact us AskAuckland Emergencies and safety on campus Donate to the University Complaints Provide feedback Whistleblower hotline Connect with us Accessibility Copyright Privacy Disclaimer