2026 Application Guide on Global BBA Program in English for International Students of Renmin University of China I. Application Qualifications Applicants should: 1. NOT have Chinese nationality; Hold a valid ordinary passport; 2. Be physically and mentally healthy; Be friendly to China; Not have criminal record; 3. Have a full-time high school diploma or higher education level, and are eligible to apply for university; 4. Take the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) organized by the China Scholarship Council on behalf of the Ministry of Education of People's Republic of China, and submit the score report. 5. Demonstrate English proficiency through one of the following: a valid IELTS Academic overall score of 6.0 or above, or a valid TOEFL iBT overall score of 90 or above. Applicants who can provide proof of equivalent language proficiency meeting the required standards, are native English speakers, or have completed at least three years of full-time education in English with relevant documentation, are not required to submit TOEFL or IELTS scores. 6. Be subject to the additional nationality regulations of Ministry of Education of People's Republic of China. II. Program Overview School Renmin Business School Major Business Administration Location Beijing, China + 1 year overseas (no additional tuition) Duration 4 years (first semester starts in September) Tuition CNY 36,000 per academic year Website http://globalbba.rmbs.ruc.edu.cn III. Application Schedule(GMT+8) Online Application: January 1 - May 31, 2026 Qualification Review: January 2 - June 10, 2026 School Review: March- June 2026 Admission: April - July 2026 Note: International Students Office (ISO) of RUC will review the application materials during the qualification review period. Applicants who do not pass the preliminary online review shall resubmit the application materials before the deadline of qualification review. Late application will not be accepted after the deadline. IV. Application Procedure 1. Online Application Applicants must log in to the International Students Application System of Renmin University of China (http://international.ruc.edu.cn/application) by May 31, 2026 (GMT+8), fill in the application information authentically, upload the application materials and pay the application fee online in the system. The application fee is CNY 800. The application fee will not be refunded. 2. Qualification Review RUC will review the applicants' information and materials in the application system. Applicants who do not pass the online preliminary review should re-upload the related information or documents in time within qualification review period. 3. School Review After the qualification review, the Renmin Business School will review the application documents. Applicants will get the interview notice if the check of the application documents is approved. 4. Admission and Enrollment The university will publish the results of enrollments from April to July, 2026. Students should bring the admission documents including admission notice for onsite registration in late August or early September, 2026 to the university. The university will re-check the applicant's information and documents after onsite registration. If there were any violations or fraudulent situation found, the university will turn down the admission. V. Application Documents All application documents shall be in Chinese or English, documents in languages other than Chinese or English must be accompanied by notarized Chinese or English translations. 1.Valid Passport Identification Page The applicant must hold an ordinary passport. The validity of the passport must be later than March 31, 2027. If the applicant is currently in China, please provide the visa page. Notes: 1) The university does not accept applicants who hold the following documents to apply as international students: Travel Permit of the People's Republic of China, Exit Entry Permit of the People's Republic of China, Mainland Travel Permit for Hong Kong and Macao Residents, Mainland Travel Permit for Taiwan Residents, Residence Permit for Hong Kong, Macao/Taiwan Residents of the People's Republic of China, etc. 2) Applicant is not allowed to change the passport or personal information from the date of application until 3 months after onsite registration. The personal information includes name, gender, date of birth, nationality, passport number, and etc. If it was unavoidable to change your passport or personal information due to extremely special circumstances or force majeure, a written application should be submitted to the university for the consent from the university. If the identity documents and personal information submitted by the applicant did not match the personal information provided during the application and admission process, the university will turn down the enrollment procedures. 2.Final Education Certificate 1) Applicants who have completed high school should submit their high school diploma, which must be notarized or verified by the institutions authorized by the Education Ministries. 2) If the applicant is currently a student at school, please submit the Certificate of Expected Graduation issued by their current high school. The final education certificate, with the notarization or verification of the final education certificate by the institutions entrusted by the Education Ministries must be provided to the university before registration. 3.High School Transcript Transcript must include a list of all completed courses up to graduating year. If the score is not in centesimal system, an explanation of the grading scale is needed. 4. Score Report of China Scholastic Competency Assessment(CSCA). Applicants should visit the official CSCA website (http://www.csca.cn) to check the specific test time and content, the Mandatory Assessment Subject is Mathematics (conducted in English). 5. English Proficiency Certificate Valid IELTS Academic overall score of 6.0 or above, or valid TOEFL iBT overall score of 90 or above. Applicants who can provide proof of equivalent language proficiency meeting the required standards, are native English speakers, or have completed at least three years of full-time education in English with relevant documentation, are not required to submit TOEFL or IELTS scores. 6. Personal Statement The personal statement shall be written in English. It provides an opportunity for you to present yourself including personal study and work experience, academic research achievements, research plans, career planning after graduation, etc. 7. A Recommendation Letter The recommendation letter must be issued and signed by the applicant's high school teachers, class teachers, school leaders, or other officials in charge. The letter must contain the signature, name, position, department, e-mail and other information of the recommender of the referee. 8. Statement of Guarantee The template of the State of Guarantee can be downloaded from the website of the International Students Office (http://iso.ruc.edu.cn/ENGLISH/Download/ApplicationDocuments/index.htm). The Statement of Guarantee should be signed by the economic guarantor. 9. Proof of Economic Capability (choose one of the following) 1) The Employment & Income Certificate of the applicant or the guarantor. 2) The Bank deposit of applicant or the guarantor should be no less than CNY 30,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent). 10. Certificate of No Criminal Record 1) Applicants who are currently not reside in Chinese mainland should offer the certificate issued by the local public security department. 2) Applicants who are currently reside in Chinese mainland should offer the certificate issued by entry and exit administration departments of China. 11. Foreigner Physical Examination Form The Foreigner Physical Examination Form should be the original document in English or Chinese. The template of Foreigner Physical Examination Form can be downloaded on the website of International Students Office (http://iso.ruc.edu.cn/ENGLISH/Download/ApplicationDocuments/index.htm). The applicant should go to local authentic hospital for physical examination in strict accordance with the items specified in the Foreigner Physical Examination Form. A physical examination form missing items, photo, cross-page seal, signature of the doctor, and the seal of the hospital is considered invalid. The validity of The Foreigner Physical Examination Form is 6 months. 12. Nationality Proof According to the Nationality Law of the People's Republic of China and the Letter No.12 [2020] of the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China, some applicants shall provide additional materials as National Proof Documents. 13. Notarized Document of Guardian in China According to the relevant regulations of the Ministry of Education of China, applicants under the age of 18 (born on or after September 1, 2008) whose parents do not reside in China must submit a notarized document of a guardian in China. 14. Other Supporting Documents Published academic papers, awards or other research results may be attached if necessary. VII. Insurance China's Ministry of Education requires international students to purchase and maintain comprehensive insurance. The university will not register any student without a valid insurance. For more information, please refer to the website: http://www.lxbx.net Ⅵ. Scholarship Application Beijing Government Scholarship Beijing Government Scholarship established by the People's Government of Beijing Municipality, supports excellent international students to study or conduct research at universities in Beijing. The application requirements and procedure will be further notified. . Ⅷ. Housing The housing office will provide the Room Reservation Form to the enrolled student including living condition and booking procedure. Housing office can be reached by Telephone number: 86-10-62511395; Email: LGIA@ruc.edu.cn. If you live off campus, please make sure to get the Temporary Accommodation Registration at the nearest police station within 24 hours according to the Chinese law. IX. Visa Enrolled students must apply for the X1 visa with the admission notice and Confirmation Form for Study in China (JW201/202 Form) to the Chinese embassies and consulates abroad, and transfer the X1 visa to the Residence Permit within 30 days after arriving in China. XI. Contacts Renmin Business School: Tel: 86-10-62516552 Jiayi YI (Program Coordinator) 86-10-82509185 Yinping WANG (Office Director) Program Official Website: https://globalbba.rmbs.ruc.edu.cn Email: globalbba@rmbs.ruc.edu.cn International Students Office: Official Website: http://iso.ruc.edu.cn Admissions Inquiry Email: admission@ruc.edu.cn Tel: 86-10-62512698 Addresses: Room 108, International Cultural Exchange Center, Renmin University of China, No.59 Zhongguancun Street, Haidian District, Beijing, China Room 342, Student Affairs Center, Renmin University of China (Tongzhou Campus), No.37 Yunhedong Street, Tongzhou District, Beijing, Chin Ⅹ. Implementation 1.The enrollment of international students at our university is carried out by the International Students Office under the guidance of the University Admission Committee. 2.The International Students Office of Renmin University of China holds the sole authority to provide the final interpretation of this admission brochure. Should there be any adjustments to the enrollment policies, the most updated information released by the university shall prevail. a