Home Overview Why Us Program Highlights Fees & Funding Student Life Career Admissions Contact Us Apply Now Admissions Home / Admissions Requirements Application Process Key Timelines FAQs Application Process Thank you for your interest in our Global BBA program. We realize that the application process can often seem daunting and overwhelming. The information below will help you better understand our application requirements and admission process. If you have additional questions about the application process, please do not hesitate to Contact Us 1 Application Application Online Step 1: Fill in application form online ( the application portal: http://international.ruc.edu.cn/application ) Step 2: Upload scanned copies of the supporting documents. Step 3: Pay application fees (CNY800) online with a credit card. Notes: 1) The application fee will NOT be refunded. 2) Late applications will not be accepted. Supporting Documents Notes: All documents which are not in English must be accompanied by an official certified English translation. 1. Required Documents 1.1 Original academic records Transcripts are a record of your academic accomplishments, including every course you took, when you took each course, and the grades you received. 1.2 Score Report of China Scholastic Competency Assessment(CSCA) Visit the official CSCA website (http://www.csca.cn) to register for the exam. The Mandatory Assessment Subject is Mathematics (conducted in English). 1.3 SAT, ACT, IB, AP, UK A-level, Cambridge International A-level, or other standardized tests' score report (if applicable) In addition to the ACT, SAT, AP, UK A-level, Cambridge International A-level, and IB exams, we also accept national examinations from over a hundred countries. 1.4 TOEFL (90 or above) or IELTS (6 or above) score report which are within two years' validity. The following two tests can be considered a replacement of TOEFL or IELTS tests as proof of your English proficiency: ● PTE Academic (Persons Test of English Academic) ● C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency (Cambridge English: Advanced or Proficiency) You do not need to include the language test scores if: ● English is your native language ● Or you already (at the time of application submission) at least 3 years at a school/university where the language of instruction was English. 1.5 Original recommendation letter(s) In the recommendation, your counselor (or a teacher/professor who taught you in the last 2-3 years) tells us about their experience with you as a student. This can include both personal and academic characteristics, as well as your extracurricular involvement. 1.6 Personal statement In the statement, please tell us briefly your academic background and interests, career goals, and anything else you would like to share with us. 1.7 Original Statement of Guarantee 1.8 Physical Examination Form 1.9 Reference of the Citizen's Criminal Record 1.10 Signed and Dated Application Form After finishing online application, you'll get an application form. Please print, sign and date it. 1.11 Copies of the Main Page and Visa Page(s) (if applicable) of Your Passport Your passport must be a regular one with the validity later than September 30, 2026. The visa pages refer only to the ones of Chinese visa. 1.12 Graduation certificate(s) 1.13 Proof of Financial Support Documentary proof of ability to finance the studies, e.g. latest account balance, pay slip, letter from sponsor. 2. Additional documents (if applicable) 2.1 Nationality Proof Applicable if one of/both your parents is/are Chinese or you were born Chinese. Please refer to http://iso.ruc.edu.cn/docs/2025-11/ae71d00beb784eea97307b1a6996d94e.pdf for documents required. 2.2 Other supporting materials you wish to include in your application files (if any) More 2 Qualification Review & School Review January - June RUC will review the applicants' information and materials in the application system. Applicants who do not pass the online preliminary review should re-upload the related information or documents in time within the qualification review period. After the qualification review, the Renmin Business School will review the application documents on a rolling basis. Applicants will receive an interview notice if the check of their application documents is approved. You're suggested to submit the application as early as possible. 3 Interview The interview (most often via Tencent meeting or Zoom) is a great way for us to assess your communication skills, leadership potential and ability to contribute effectively to group discussions, as well as to consider whether your personality complements the mindset and culture of Renmin Business School. 4 Final Decision Right after the interview, our Admission Committee will meet to discuss and decide upon your application. They will review every aspect of your application and your performance in the interview. Decision outcomes may be "application admitted", "decision deferred", or "application denied". Contact Us International Programs Office, Renmin Business School 86 10 6251 6552 / 82509185 Janice YI (Program Coordinator)/ Yinping WANG (Office Director) globalbba@rmbs.ruc.edu.cn ©中国人民大学商学院 版权所有 京ICP备05066828号-1 Program Pamphlet Apply Now Contact Us