Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Apply Now Search Button Toggle navigation Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Undergraduate Admissions Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Get Started Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Apply Now Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Undergraduate Admissions International Students You are considered a first-year university student if you have completed your secondary education and earned a certificate of completion that enables you to be admitted to a university in your home country and is equivalent to a U.S. High School Diploma and have never been enrolled full-time as a college or university student. If you have enrolled as a full-time college or university student, you will need to apply as a transfer student . When you apply Report all completed coursework as it appears on your academic records at each institution. The application will analyze your scores using your country's grading standards. Do NOT convert scores yourself or have them converted professionally. Be sure to include explanations if grades do not fit in the given space and are abbreviated. International applicants must meet the same first-year or transfer requirements for admission as any other applicant in addition to the following requirements: English Proficiency Requirement To be considered for admission to UC San Diego, international students must meet specific English proficiency requirements. Applying as a First-Year International Student The tests listed below are all accepted to showcase English proficiency. The scores shown here are the minimum necessary to be considered for admission TOEFL minimum scores Internet-based: 4.5 (Effective January 2026) 83 (Exams completed prior to January 2026) IELTS minimum score of 7 (Academic module) AP Exam accepted scores English Language and Composition: 3, 4, 5 English Literature and Composition: 3, 4, 5 IB Exam accepted scores English (Lang. A) higher level: 5, 6, 7 English (Lang. A) standard level: 6, 7 Duolingo English Test (DET): Minimum score of 115 Applying as an International Transfer Student Transfer applicants who attended a high school or university where the language of instruction was English can fulfill the English proficiency requirement with grades of "B" or better in two required transferable courses in English composition from their institution. All other applicants must fulfill the requirement with an exam and report their scores to the undergraduate admissions office before January. If your native language is not English and your high school or college/university education was in a country where the language of instruction was not English, you must provide evidence of English proficiency in one of the following ways: Submit a TOEFL score of 4.5 or better (Internet-based test) or 83 or higher (internet-based tests completed prior to January 2026). Submit an IELTS examination with a 7 or better band score (academic module). Duolingo English Test (DET): Minimum score of 115 TOEFL and IELTS exams must be completed no more than two years prior to transfer. Additional First-Year Requirements Secondary School Requirements To be considered for admission, you must have completed secondary school with a superior average in academic subjects and have earned a certificate of completion that enables you to be admitted to a university in your home country and is equivalent to a U.S. high school diploma. Use the dropdown selector to identify the names of certificates, diplomas and other documents that are the equivalent of a U.S. high school diploma. In addition to these international secondary school completion requirements, keep in mind that admission to UC San Diego is competitive. You must achieve excellent results on your final secondary school exams. Select Your Country - Select - Afghanistan Argentina Australia Austria Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Belize Bolivia Brazil Canada Chile China, Peoples Republic Colombia Costa Rica Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Ethiopia Finland France Germany Ghana Greece Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kenya Korea Kuwait Malaysia México Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Norway Pakistan Panamá Paraguay Péru Philippines Poland Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Scotland Singapore South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Sweden Switzerland Taiwan (Rep. of China) Thailand Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam My country or region is not listed Afghanistan Baccaluria Argentina Bachiller especializado Australia Senior Secondary School Certificate of Education (also called Year 12 Certificate or Senior Certificate or Higher School Certificate), issued by the appropriate State or Territory Department of Education Required Documents Internal school marks (grades 9-12) and State/Territorial Year 12 certificate including external exam results. Austria Maturity Certificate (Reifezeugnis) Bahamas General Certificate of Education in at least three Advanced "A" Levels following completion of the Bahamas General Certificate of Secondary Education Bahrain Tawjahiya (Secondary School Leaving Certificate) Bangladesh Higher Secondary Certificate Required Documents Attested copies of your SSC and HSC, along with all internal marksheets, sent directly from the schools of attendance. Copies sent by any other method will not be considered official. Belgium Certificate of Higher Secondary Education (Certificat d'Enseignement Secondaire Superiéur/Getuigschrift van Hoger Secundair Onderwijs) Belize 5 GCE O-Level Exams with a 6 (B) average followed by 3 GCE A-Level Exams with a B Average OR 5 CXC Exams with a II average followed by 3 CAPE Exams with a III or lower average Bolivia Bachiller or Bachiller en Humanidades Brazil Diploma/Certificado de Ensino Médio Canada Alberta Advanced High School Diploma British Columbia Secondary School Graduation Diploma (Dogwood Diploma) Manitoba Manitoba High School Diploma New Brunswick New Brunswick High School Graduation Diploma Newfoundland and Labrador High School Graduation Diploma Northwest Territories Territory High School Graduation Diploma Nova Scotia Nova Scotia High School Graduation Diploma Ontario Ontario Secondary School Diploma Prince Edward Island Senior Secondary School Diploma Quebec Diploma of College Studies/Diplome d'Etudes Collegiales (DCS/DEC), pre-university track, following the completion of the Secondary School Diploma/Diplome d'Etudes Saskatchewan Secondary School Diploma Yukon High School Diploma Required Documents Your admission will only be cleared upon receipt of the provincial or territorial Ministry of Education (MOE) secondary school record and diploma. You may submit your internal school transcripts until the MOE record is available. The MOE transcript must indicate that you earned the provincial/territorial diploma. All grade 12 classes must be passed with a C result or better, with an overall 3.0 (or equivalent). (OSSD, Dogwood Diploma, Secondary School Diploma, DES+DEC, etc.) Chile Licencia de Educación Media (academic) China, Peoples Republic Senior High School Graduation Certificate (i.e., Redbook) Required Documents Original records in English from middle school and high school - grades 9-12. All grade 12 subjects must be completed and you must earn and submit your Certificate of Graduation. All grade 12 classes must be passed with a C result or better, with an overall 3.0 (or equivalent). All transcripts must be sent directly from the school to UCSD or via Parchment. Notarized translation booklets will not be accepted. If you also completed an A level program at your school, see the UK entry. Your admission to UC San Diego will be cleared only upon receipt and review of the following documentation: Lower Middle School record (grade 9) Upper Middle School record (grades 10-12) - this record must be cumulative; partial incomplete documents with addendums/additions will not be accepted. Photocopy of graduation certification ("red book") including all required stamps - authenticated and sent directly to UCSD with the Upper Middle School record from the school Colombia Bachillerato Costa Rica Diploma de Conclusión de estudios de educación diversificado o Bachillerato Required Documents Clear, legible photocopy of graduation certificate or diploma issued by Ministerio de Educación Pública (Bachiller en Educación Media, Técnico Medio, Diploma de Conclusión de Estudios de Educación Diversificada) and Certificado de Notas/Calificaciones (academic transcripts) issued by the institution attended sent directly to UC San Diego. France and French Patterned Systems Clear, legible photocopies of official Diplôme du Baccalauréat and Relevé de Notes de l'Examen Final (academic transcript) issued in French showing all subjects taken and grades obtained certified by the French government, either by a local municipality or an overseas French Embassy/Consulate [ photocopie certifiée conforme par le gouvernement Français (soit par votre Mairie soit par un Ambassade/Consulat) ]. Cyprus Apolyterion or Lise Diplomasi Czech Republic Maturity Certificate Denmark Studentereksamen Ecuador Bachillerato en Humanidades/Ciencias Egypt Thanaweya a' Amma (General Secondary Education Certificate) El Salvador Bachiller/Bachillerato General or Diploma of Upper Secondary School Ethiopia Ethiopian Higher Education Entrance Examination (EHEEE) Finland Lukion päästötodistus / Dismissionsbetyg (Upper Secondary Completion Certificate) or Matriculation Examination Certificate France Baccalaureat Germany Abitur (Certificate of General University Maturity) Required Documents Zeugnis der Allgemeinen Hochschulreife or Abitur sent directly from institution attended. Ghana West African Senior School Certificate (WASSC) Greece Apolyterion Eniaiou Lykeiou Required Documents Apolyti Lykeiou (School Leaving Certificate) indicating all exams taken and grades obtained sent directly to UCSD from school attended. Guatemala Bachiller en ciencias y letras Honduras Bachillerato Hong Kong HKDSE Certificate Required Documents Old system: HKCEE & HKALE results sent directly from testing authority. You must sit for and pass at least 3 A level exams with C results or better Advanced standing credit for A Level exams will only be posted to your record upon receipt of this document. New system: Official HKDSE Certificate and senior secondary academic transcripts issued by the school. Hungary Érettségi Bizonyí­tvány (Maturity Certificate) Iceland Studentspróf India Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) or Senior Secondary Certificate Required Documents Attested copies of the Statement of Marks for the STD X and XII Board exams (SSC, AISC, ISCE, HSC, HSSC, AISSC etc.) sent directly from the schools of attendance along with all internal mark sheets. Copies sent by any other method will not be considered as official. Indonesia STTB from SMA Required Documents Surat Tanda Tanat Belajar (STTB) or Sekolah Menengah Unum Tingkat Atas (SMA) certified true/attested copy sent from school. Iran Pre-University (Peesh-daneshgahii) Ireland Ardteistiméireacht (Higher Leaving Certificate) with 5 passes including 3 at Higher Level Israel Teudat Bagrut Required Documents Examination results for the Teudat Bagrut (matriculation certificates) issued by the institution attended. Italy Diploma di Maturita / Diploma di Esame di Stato Required Documents Diploma di Maturita and Pagelle Scolastiche (academic transcripts) for all years of secondary study - issued by the institution attended. Jamaica 5 GCE O-Level Exams with a 6 (B) average followed by 3 GCE A-Level Exams with a B Average OR 5 CXC Exams with a II average followed by 3 CAPE Exams with a III or lower average Japan Kotogakko Sotsugyo Shosho (Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate) Required Documents Original records in English from middle school and high school - grades 9-12 including certification of graduation. All grade 12 classes must be passed with a C result or better, with an overall 3.0 (or equivalent). All transcripts must be sent directly from the school to UCSD or via Parchment. Jordan General Secondary Education Certificate (Tawjihi) Kenya Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education Korea High School Graduation Certificate Required Documents Original records in English from middle school and high school - grades 9-12 including certification of graduation. All grade 12 classes must be passed with a C result or better, with an overall 3.0 (or equivalent). All transcripts must be sent directly from the school to UCSD or via Parchment. Kuwait General Secondary Education Cert. (Shahadat Al-Thanawia Al Aama) Required Documents Examination results for the General Secondary Education Certificate issued in English and sent directly to UCSD from the appropriate Regional Office of the Ministry of Education - not from a third-party agency or family member. Malaysia STPM/Advanced Level Exams Required Documents All examination results issued by the appropriate examining body (e.g. Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM), Unified Examination Certificate (UEC) ). Full completion of the entire 13 year secondary education program is required. If you completed an A level program at your school, see the UK entry. México Bachillerato Required Documents Academic transcripts/records for grades 9-12 and Certificado de Educacion Secundaria + Certificado de Bachillerato sent directly from the schools attended. Netherlands VWO Diploma New Zealand NCEA Level 3 with University Entrance Required Documents Record of Achievement sent directly by the New Zealand Qualifications Authority and the School Results Summary. Nicaragua Bachillerato Nigeria West African Senior School Certificate (WASSC) from WAEC OR Senior School Certificate (SSC) from NECO Norway Vitnemål fra Videregående Skole Required Documents Graduation certificate ( Vitnemål fra den Videregående Skolen ) issued in English, indicating all exams taken and grades obtained sent directly by the school. Please note that the University of California does not grant advanced standing credit for the secondary diploma. Pakistan Higher Secondary Certificate Required Documents Certificate of Examination (SSC & HSC) issued by the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education and the corresponding Mark sheet/result card sent directly to UCSD from the Board and verified by the Controller of Examinations. Panamá Diploma de Educación Media / Bachiller Paraguay Bachillerato (Bachiller en Humanidades y Ciencias) Péru Certificado de Educación Secundaria Común Completa / Bachillerato Academico Philippines 12 Year Secondary School Graduation Poland Świadectwo Dojrzalości liceum ogólnoksztalcacego Required Documents Graduation Certificate ( Swiadectwo Ukonczenia ) indicating all exams taken and grades obtained sent directly to UCSD from school attended. Romania Diploma de Bacalaureat Russian Federation Certificate of (complete) General Secondary Education - (Аттестат о среднем (полном) общем образовании) Saudi Arabia General Secondary Education Certificate - (Shahadat Al-Marhalat Al-Thanawiyyat) Required Documents Intermediate School Certificate + General Secondary Education Certificate ( Tawjihiyah ) sent directly to UCSD from the appropriate Regional Office of the Ministry of Education - not from a third-party agency, school or family. Scotland Scottish Qualifications Certificate (SQC) Advanced Higher Grade Singapore Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced A Level Examination (minimum 3 H2 subjects) Required Documents O level and A level Certificates sent directly by Singapore MOE. You must sit for and pass at least 3 A level exams with C results or better. Advanced standing credit for A Level (H2) exams will only be posted to your record upon receipt of the official A level results from the Singapore MOE. South Africa Senior Certificate with Matriculation Endorsement/Exemption Spain Bachillerato/Titulo de Bachiller Required Documents Graduation certificate ( Título de Bachiller ) showing all exams taken and grades obtained, sent directly from school attended. Sri Lanka Sri Lankan General Certificate of Education Advanced Level Required Documents External examination results for the General Certificate of Education, O-Level and A-Level sent directly from the department of examinations. No advanced standing credit is allowed for Sri Lankan A Level exams. Suriname Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs / VWO Sweden Högskoleförberedande Examen Required Documents Graduation certificate or diploma issued in English ( Avgångbetyg från Gymnasiet, Slutbetyg från Gymnasiet, Teknikerexamen ) showing all exams taken and grades obtained, sent directly from school attended. Switzerland Federal Maturity Certificate Required Documents Graduation certificate ( Maturitätszeugnis/Certificat de Maturité/Attestato di Maturita ) showing all exams taken and grades obtained sent directly from school attended. Taiwan (Rep. of China) Senior High School Diploma Required Documents Original records in English from middle school and high school - grades 9-12 including date of graduation. All grade 12 classes must be passed with a C result (or equivalent) or better, with an overall 3.0 (or equivalent). All transcripts must be sent directly from the school to UCSD or via Parchment. Thailand Certificate of Secondary Education (Matayom VI) Required Documents Academic transcripts and Matayom Suksa VI (Certificate of Upper Secondary Education) issued in English and sent directly by the school. Türkiye Lise Diplomasi Required Documents Clear, legible photocopy of Graduation certificate issued by the Ministry of National Education (e.g. Lise Diplomasi, Meslek Lise Diplomasi) and academic transcript issued by the school. United Arab Emirates Secondary School Leaving Certificate/Shahadat Al-Thanawiya Al- Amma Required Documents Examination results for the General Certificate of Secondary Education issued in English - sent directly to UCSD from the appropriate Regional Office of the Ministry of Education - not from a third-party agency or family. United Kingdom A minimum of five (I)GCSE exams (including English) with grades of C or better, and an overall average of at least a B across all IGCSE exams taken. PLUS a minimum of three A Level exams with grades of C or better, and an overall average of at least a B across all A LEvel exams taken. Required Documents By July 1 - original or school-certified copies of GCSE/IGCSE certificate(s), AS Level certificate(s) (if applicable), and all internal marks (forms 4,5,6). A Level Statement of Results must be submitted as soon as provisional results are available. You must pass at least 3 A Level exams with a C result or better to finalize your UCSD admission. Official A Level results must be sent directly from examining authority (Cambridge, OCR, Pearson Edexcel, etc.) in the form of the "Certifying Statement of Results" in the Autumn after A Level Certificates are released. Advanced standing credit for A Level exams will only be posted to your record upon receipt of this document. Uruguay Bachiller Diversificado de Enseñanza Secundaria Venezuela Bachillerato en Ciencias, Humanidades o Artes Vietnam Senior High School Certificate/Bằng Tốt Nghiệp Trung Học Phổ Thông Required Documents Academic transcripts (years 9-12) issued in English or exact word for word official translations and Examination Results ( Ðiểm Kỳ Thi Tốt Nghiệp THPT ) for the High School Graduation Examination ( Kỳ thi tốt nghiệp trung học phổ thông THPT ) sent directly from the school attended. My country or region is not listed If the country or region where you studied is not listed above, or if you have questions about what specific documentation is required in your situation, contact our International Specialists in the UC San Diego Office of Undergraduate Admissions: By phone: (858) 534-4831 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time, Monday - Friday By email: infointernational@ucsd.edu Test Requirements UC San Diego will not consider SAT or ACT test scores as a factor in admissions decisions. If you choose to submit test scores as part of your application, they may be used as an alternative method of fulfilling minimum requirements for eligibility or for course placement after you enroll. Your Country's Educational System This information is meant to supplement the general eligibility requirements for first-year students, not to replace them. Your international school must have an appropriate level of recognition in the educational system it follows. You must also be earning a certificate of completion that will allow you to enter a university in that educational system. If your international school follows a U.S. curriculum, your school must have U.S. accreditation and you must graduate with a U.S. high school diploma or an equivalent credential. General Eligibility Requirements International Baccalaureate If you are completing your IB diploma or simply taking IB courses, make sure to report your IB status in your application. There are instructions in the application for reporting IB coursework and examinations. 13-year Educational Systems If pre-university education is 13 years long in your country, you must complete all 13 years before entering UC San Diego. You must graduate from secondary school in your country, earning a certificate of completion that enables you to attend a university in your country. Admission to UC San Diego is not offered prior to completion of the 13th year. British & Singapore You must complete at least 5 IGCSE/GCSE/GCE O Levels and at least 3 GCE A Levels to be considered for admission. If you receive "A", "B" or "C" grades on your GCE A level examinations, UC San Diego may consider granting you transfer credit toward your bachelor's degree. The exact credit amount will be determined after you have been formally admitted and provide your official certificate. China You must complete 12 years of education and receive your certificate of graduation (i.e., Red Book). All grade 12 subjects must be completed, passed with a C result or better, with an overall 3.0 (or equivalent). We do require grade 9 transcripts, including if it was completed at a middle school. Students in an A Level program should refer to the British entry above. India & Pakistan You must complete your standard XII years of education and sit for 10th and 12th year board/state examinations. Malaysia You must complete your SPM and STPM or A Levels to be considered for admission. Sri Lanka You must complete Sri Lankan O and A Levels. You may also complete O and A Levels through a British Examination Authority. Required Documents from Schools Outside the United States Your admission to UC San Diego is provisional pending the receipt and review of your official transcripts, records and exam results. If any of your high school or college education occurred outside the United States, you must submit required records, transcripts, International Baccalaureate certification, or other documents to UC San Diego. PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING: The information below is for newly admitted first-year students who attended a school outside of the United States. Admitted transfer students who attended high school outside of the United States are not required to send their official high school documents. The country-specific information below may be in addition to the items listed on your Triton Checklist. The deadlines for UC San Diego to receive your documents are July 1 for transcripts and July 15 for IB Exam scores. If you are a prospective student who is planning to apply or recently applied, view the U.S. High School Diploma Equivalents on this page. Combined U.S. and International Records All international transcripts (beginning from grade 9) must be submitted - even if your current school lists them. Include grade 9 middle school records and any grades you may have repeated when studying in the United States. Authentic original records (transcripts) from your overseas school (or schools) must be sent directly to UC San Diego from your former institution electronically through an approved e-transcript vendor or in physical document form. Authentic means official records: to send electronically, select 'Accelerate' with Digitary VIA to have your records automatically sent to us other approved e-transcript vendors include Parchment and CHESICC for physical documents, the school or institution attended must issue them envelope cannot be opened or unsealed original documents only - photocopy not accepted UC San Diego Mailing Address: University of California San Diego Office of Undergraduate Admissions ATTN: TRANSCRIPTS Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 International Baccalaureate (IB) Full transcripts indicating internal marks from your secondary school (grades 9-12) must be submitted on or before the July 1 deadline. All courses in your final year must be passed with a C result (or equivalent) or better, with an overall 3.0 grade point average (or equivalent). Ask that your school authority provide predicted results, if possible, together with an explanation of when your final marks and certificate will be available. You must contact IBO directly to request that IB certificates or diplomas be sent electronically to UC San Diego. The deadline to receive your results is July 15. UC San Diego Mailing Address: University of California, San Diego Office of Admissions ATTN: TRANSCRIPTS 9500 Gilman Dr. # 0021 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 United States Advanced Levels (A Levels) By July 1 - your school must send official copies of your GCSE/IGCSE Statement of Results, AS Level Statement of Results (if applicable), and all internal marks (when available). A Level Statement of Results must be submitted as soon as they are available. You must pass at least 3 A Level exams with a C result or better to finalize your UC San Diego admission. Official A Level results must be sent directly from the examining authority (Cambridge, OCR, Pearson Edexcel, etc) in the form of the "Certifying Statement of Results" after A Level Certificates are released. Provisional Results are acceptable. Advanced standing credit for A Level exams will only be posted to your record upon receipt of the official document. Residency For Tuition Purposes To be granted a visa, international students must prove sufficient funds to meet all expenses for studying in the U.S. This financial independence requirement makes it extremely difficult for most undergraduate students whose parents are not California residents to qualify for classification as a resident for tuition purposes at the University of California. This includes students from community colleges and other post-secondary institutions within California. Read more about Residency for Tuition Purposes . Viewbook Interested in learning more about life at UC San Diego? Get a glimpse into our top-notch academics, cutting-edge research, exciting student life and more in our Viewbook. Explore the Viewbook Learn More UC San Diego Admissions on Youtube Explore our admissions youtube channel Triton Admission Guide Your guide to UC San Diego's academics, research and resources International Admission Guide Academic requirements for students outside the U.S. View More Resources & Publications Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-4831 Instagram Twitter TikTok Facebook YouTube © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact