Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Apply Now Search Button Toggle navigation Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Undergraduate Admissions Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Get Started Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Apply Now Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Undergraduate Admissions Let's break down the numbers Navigating the complexities of tuition, budgeting, housing and financial aid can quickly get overwhelming. Here is all the information you need to calculate costs, apply for assistance and keep track of fees and financial aid awards. Make sure you're covered Everything you need to know about tuition, budgeting and overall costs to attend UC San Diego as a California resident or out-of-state student. Tuition & Fees You bring the will. We'll help with the way. Every student with a bright mind and a burning desire to learn deserves the opportunity to experiment and explore at UC San Diego. Please note: Students from other U.S. states are not eligible for California financial aid, however the University of California will help out-of-state students receive federal aid for which they are eligible. International students are not eligible to receive federal or state financial aid. To be granted a visa, international students must prove sufficient funds to meet all estimated expenses for studying in the U.S. Financial Aid Financial Aid Timeline Keep an eye on approaching deadlines with month-by-month overviews of what's due when. View Timeline How to Apply A comprehensive guide detailing everything you need to know about submitting your FAFSA and applying for financial aid. Application Process Types of Financial Aid So many options for so many people. Discover which financial aid awards apply to you. Aid Categories California Residency Get information about California state residency for tuition purposes. CA Residency 2026-27 Tuition and Fees Mandatory university charges for tuition and student services help cover infrastructure and ongoing operations such as the delivery of instruction and the cost of student services such as registration, financial aid, academic advising and tutoring. Tuition and mandatory fees have been set regardless of the method of instruction and will not be refunded in the event instruction occurs remotely for any part of the academic year. Campus-based fees support campus services, maintain facilities, and broadly support and preserve the campus infrastructure. Cost of Attendance Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-4831 Instagram Twitter TikTok Facebook YouTube © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact