Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Apply Now Search Button Toggle navigation Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Undergraduate Admissions Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Get Started Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Apply Now Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Undergraduate Admissions Frequently Asked Questions Find answers to your questions about UC San Diego. Select a Topic - Select - Applying to UC San Diego Academics & Majors Cost & Financial Aid First-Year Transfers Military Connected International Students Exams Applicant Portal Campus Tours Applying to UC San Diego How and when do I apply to UC San Diego? UC San Diego enrolls for Fall term only. Using the UC application , apply the year before you plan to enroll. The Fall 2027 Application opens on August 1 and applications may be submitted October 1 - November 30. Review the First-Year Student Application Timeline and Transfer Student Application Timeline for more details. Can I get into UC San Diego? UC San Diego is a competitive university. Admitted students typically exceed the minimum requirements for admission. Learn more about the average student profile for First-Year Admitted Students and Transfer Admitted Students . Academics & Majors What majors are offered at UC San Diego? We offer 160+ undergraduate majors in nearly every subject you can imagine. Review our undergraduate majors and decide which is best for you. Can I apply to UC San Diego without declaring a major? First-Year students may be admitted to UC San Diego as undeclared. Transfer students must be admitted into a major and may not be admitted as undeclared. Transfer students applying to select majors visit the Transfer Major Preparation page for information on the preparatory coursework that must be completed to be considered for admission to the major. If you need help choosing a major, speak with an academic counselor to assist you in selecting a major that matches your interests. What is a selective major? Selective majors are majors with limited enrollment. If you are applying to a selective major , we strongly suggest that you submit an alternate major on your application and that your alternate major not be selective. If you are not admitted into a selective major, you may be admitted to your alternate major. First-Year students not admitted into a selective major may be admitted as undeclared. Transfer students are not admitted as undeclared and will not be admitted to the university if they are not admitted to a major. What is the College System at UC San Diego? UC San Diego's small colleges help you thrive in a welcoming community. Students have access to personalized advising, support services and leadership opportunities through their college while enjoying the advantages of a large Tier 1 research institution. Each college has their own philosophy and traditions, as well as their own General Education requirements. Learn more about our colleges and the college system . Which College is best for my major? The College to which you are assigned has no impact on your major. College assignment is not based on major. Students may study any major regardless of their college affiliation. No single college is better than any other. Why do I need to rank my college preferences on my UC Application? Each UC San Diego undergraduate student belongs to one of our small colleges. On your UC Application, you have the option to rank your top four College preferences. We will try our best to assign you to one of your top four College choices. However, we cannot guarantee that you will be admitted to your primary College selection. Cost & Financial Aid How much does it cost to attend UC San Diego? Visit UC San Diego's Financial Aid and Scholarship Office site to learn more about the Cost of Attendance . How do I pay for UC San Diego? There are many ways to finance your education. At UC San Diego, we believe every student admitted to our institution should be able to attend, regardless of income, and we are committed to providing a comprehensive need-based financial aid program. Learn more about costs and applying for financial aid on our Financial Aid and Scholarships site. I am not a resident of California. Can I receive financial aid or can I establish residency? Students from other U.S. states are not eligible for California financial aid. However, UC will help you receive federal financial aid for which you are eligible. International students are not eligible to receive federal or state financial aid. To be granted a visa, international students must prove sufficient funds to meet all expenses for studying in the U.S. Learn more about paying for college and California residency for tuition purposes . What scholarships are available? For information on potential scholarships please visit the Financial Aid & Scholarships website. What is the Tuition Stability Plan? The Tuition Stability Plan started in fall 2022. It sets tuition and other mandatory systemwide fees for undergraduates at the time of enrollment, with the expectation that those charges should remain at that same level each following year for the duration of their college careers, up to 6 academic years. For more information on the plan, visit the UC San Diego Financial Aid and Scholarships' Tuition Stability Plan page or visit the University of California's Frequently Asked Questions page . First-Year What are A-G requirements? To be eligible for admission to UC San Diego, you must complete UC College preparatory courses (A-G courses) in the specific subjects and earn a "C" grade or better. Complete at least 11 of the 15 courses before your senior year of high school. Learn more about First-Year Application Requirements including subject, scholarship and personal insight questions. How do my out of state courses match up? There is no pre-approved course list for schools outside of California. The UC Application will instruct you to list your out of state courses based on the categories for the UC College preparatory (A-G) courses located on our First-Year Application Requirements site . Explore additional A-G course resources via the A-G Policy Resource Guide . What if I was homeschooled? You must receive a high school diploma, or a General Education Diploma (GED), or a Certificate of Proficiency. You must also meet the requirements listed on the Home-Schooled Students page of the University of California website . How and when do I send my official transcripts? Undergraduate Applicants should not send transcripts prior to an offer of admission as they are not reviewed during the application review process. Applicants will be contacted directly if additional information is required. First Year Admitted Students that accept the offer of admission are required to submit final official transcripts directly from each institution they attended from grades 9 through 12 by the July 1 postmark deadline. Students attending multiple schools must order an official transcript from each school to be delivered to UC San Diego. Students who attended a high school outside the United States prior to transferring to a high school in the United States must request each school to send a transcript regardless if prior schools are listed on your final transcript. In addition, students must submit college transcripts reflecting any earned college credit regardless if it is transferable or not. You may send your official transcripts to the University of California San Diego either by mail or electronically through one of our preferred electronic transcript providers. SEND TRANSCRIPTS BY MAIL: You must order an official transcript from your academic institution which must be sent to us directly in a sealed envelope addressed as follows: University of California, San Diego - Office of Undergraduate Admissions Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093 SEND TRANSCRIPTS ELECTRONICALLY through Parchment , a safe and secure method of requesting your official transcript(s). If your school is registered with Parchment to send electronic transcripts, please order transcripts through your school's website or create an account with Parchment directly. We also accept transcripts electronically through eTranscriptCA, Credential Solutions, Digitary, eScripSafe, Scribbles, SCOIR, and National Student Clearinghouse if your academic institution is registered with these e-transcript vendors. Please check whether your school utilizes these e-transcript vendors to send transcripts and order through your school's transcript ordering process. Make sure you select University of California San Diego in La Jolla, CA as the receiving school if you choose one of these e-transcript vendors. Some vendors may list our school as UC San Diego. International Students: Please review Required Documents from Schools Outside the United States for information regarding submitting transcripts from academic institutions outside the U.S. Between June 1 and August 1, we experience very high mail volume and can take several weeks to receive, process and validate official transcripts during the summer. Please monitor the Triton Checklist for receipt of your transcripts under Transcripts & Test Scores. Keep a copy of your transcript order for future reference if needed. We will notify students with missing transcripts in late July to request another transcript if needed. For general questions about transcript submissions, please use the Contact Form on your Applicant Portal. Current enrolled undergraduate students may also use this delivery method to submit official transcripts from other schools in which coursework was earned for evaluation. Please allow up to four weeks for evaluation and posting of credit to your record. UC San Diego conducts a verification process for the students who accept the offer of admission to validate the applicants self-reported academic record. UC San Diego policy and procedure if UC San Diego or the Secretary has reason to believe that the high school diploma is not valid or was not obtained from an entity that provides secondary school education: Public Information on Procedures UC Quick Reference Guide (PDF) (pg. 57 - Reporting Student Data): This section outlines the use of self-reported information followed by the receipt of final documents (high school transcript) after a student accepts an offer of admission, as well as the penalties for not providing accurate information. The UC Transcript Information Website UC Academic Senate Regulation 420 Article 2. Submission of Academic Records 420. Each applicant for freshman admission must arrange for the University to receive, prior to the date established by the Office of Admissions, the final official high school transcript as well as a transcript for all collegiate courses that have been attempted. The final official transcript from the high school from which the applicant graduated must show the date of graduation and the grade and the year taken for each course used to satisfy the requirements specified in Regulation 424. (Am 19 May 69, CC 2 May 77; Am 26 May 82) (Am 17 June 2009). I'm an arts major. How do I submit my portfolio? The Division of Arts & Humanities at UC San Diego is committed to a diverse incoming class and is actively seeking applicants who wish to major in History, Literature, Music, Philosophy, Theatre & Dance and Visual Arts. Submitting a portfolio is a way to enhance your overall UC San Diego application. Arts Any incoming first-year or transfer applicant interested in pursuing a major in one of the Arts departments (Music, Theatre & Dance, Visual Arts) may submit an optional portfolio/audition tape. Undeclared Arts Majors Undeclared Arts majors are welcome to submit a portfolio in your area of primary interest. You may begin reviewing the submission requirements and loading your materials on October 1. However, you must complete your basic application to UC San Diego before you will be able to complete this supplemental submission, as you will need your application ID number from the UC Application. The department faculty will review the art portfolio/audition tape and share their evaluations with UC San Diego's Admissions Committee. Click here to submit a portfolio (after you have applied to UC San Diego). How can I be sure I qualify as a California resident? Living at a California address does not mean you automatically have resident status in terms of tuition. The financial independence requirement makes it extremely difficult for most undergraduate students whose parents are not California residents to qualify for classification as a resident at the University of California. This includes students from community colleges and other post-secondary institutions within California. Transfer students who were classified as residents of California at their previous school should not assume that they will be classified as residents at UC San Diego. See the Registrar's Office webpages . How should I select a College? Applicants to UC San Diego have the option to rank their top four colleges on the UC Application. We recommend reviewing the unique traditions and general education requirements for each of the Colleges prior to completing your ranking. Students offered admission to UC San Diego are assigned a college and we do our best to assign one of the top four selections. College assignment is not based on major choice or academic interest. Students may pursue any major, regardless of college affiliation. Will I get assigned to the first College on my rankings list? We do our best to assign you to a College that matches your rankings on the UC Application but we cannot guarantee you will be assigned to your highest-ranked College. Not to worry, though. Every College at UC San Diego features an exceptional academic program, friendly advisors, unforgettable traditions and state-of-the-art living facilities. Do specific majors require a specific College selection? No, students may study any major regardless of college affiliation. Will my College rankings impact my admission? Not at all. We assign students to Colleges after we determine that they will be admitted to UC San Diego. Does UC San Diego offer deferment? UC San Diego admits only for the Fall term to which the student applied. Students who would like to enroll at a later date must reapply when they are ready to attend. Rare exceptions may be made for admitted students who have received military orders to report for active duty or if you require acute medical care for up to a maximum of one year only. Requests for deferment must be made by submitting the Request for Deferment Form . Only students who accept the offer of admission may be considered for a deferment. To be eligible to request a deferment, all transcripts and test scores must have been submitted by the deadline and validated. Transfers What if I am a transfer student? We have a dedicated page for prospective transfer students . Transfer students enrich the Triton community with a diversity of interests and experiences and thrive at UC San Diego! Does my major have prerequisites? When do I have to complete them? Not all majors require completion of lower-division coursework for admission. Applicants for the departments listed on our Transfer Major Preparation site will be screened for completion of major preparation coursework and the grades earned. What is the 7 course pattern? As part of the requirements for transfer admission, applicants must complete a pattern of courses known as the 7-course pattern . What is ASSIST? ASSIST (Articulation System Stimulating Interinstitutional Student Transfer) is the official repository of articulation for California's public colleges and universities providing the most accurate and up-to-date information available about student transfer in California. ASSIST is a student-transfer information system that displays reports of how course credits earned at one California Community College can be applied when transferred to a California State University or University of California campus. ASSIST is available at assist.org . I am currently attending another 4 year university. How can I find out if my coursework will transfer? UC San Diego does not have articulation agreements outside of the California Community College system. This means there is no official way to determine which courses will transfer to UC San Diego; however, the general rule of thumb, unofficially, is that if the course(s) was completed at a regionally accredited college or university, and, an equivalent course(s) is offered at the University of California, then the course might transfer to UC San Diego. The only official way to determine UC transferability is to apply for admission. Please review the UC San Diego Catalog to determine program requirements by major. How and when do I send my official transcripts? Undergraduate Applicants should not send transcripts prior to an offer of admission as they are not reviewed during the application review process. Applicants will be contacted directly if additional information is required. Transfer Admitted Students that accept the offer of admission are required to submit official transcripts from every college/university they attended by July 1. For those who graduated from high school in the United States and completed a U.S. History course, you can submit a high school transcript to clear the American History & Institutions requirement. You may send your official transcripts to the University of California San Diego either by mail or electronically through one of our preferred electronic transcript providers. SEND TRANSCRIPTS BY MAIL: You must order an official transcript from your academic institution which must be sent to us directly in a sealed envelope addressed as follows: University of California, San Diego - Office of Undergraduate Admissions Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093 SEND TRANSCRIPTS ELECTRONICALLY through Parchment , a safe and secure method of requesting your official transcript(s). If your school is registered with Parchment to send electronic transcripts, please order transcripts through your school's website or create an account with Parchment directly. We also accept transcripts electronically through eTranscriptCA, Credential Solutions, Digitary, eScripSafe, Scribbles, SCOIR, and National Student Clearinghouse if your academic institution is registered with these e-transcript vendors. Please check whether your school utilizes these e-transcript vendors to send transcripts and order through your school's transcript ordering process. Make sure you select University of California San Diego in La Jolla, CA as the receiving school if you choose one of these e-transcript vendors. Some vendors may list our school as UC San Diego. UC San Diego conducts a verification process for the students who accept the offer of admission to validate the applicants self-reported academic record. UC San Diego policy and procedure if UC San Diego or the Secretary has reason to believe that the high school diploma is not valid or was not obtained from an entity that provides secondary school education: Public Information on Procedures UC Quick Reference Guide (PDF) (pg. 57 - Reporting Student Data): This section outlines the use of self-reported information followed by the receipt of final documents (high school transcript) after a student accepts an offer of admission, as well as the penalties for not providing accurate information. The UC Transcript Information Website UC Academic Senate Regulation 420 Article 2. Submission of Academic Records 420. Each applicant for freshman admission must arrange for the University to receive, prior to the date established by the Office of Admissions, the final official high school transcript as well as a transcript for all collegiate courses that have been attempted. The final official transcript from the high school from which the applicant graduated must show the date of graduation and the grade and the year taken for each course used to satisfy the requirements specified in Regulation 424. (Am 19 May 69, CC 2 May 77; Am 26 May 82) (Am 17 June 2009). Is CalGETC or IGETC completion required of all transfer students from California Community Colleges? Completion of the California General Education Transfer Curriculum (Cal-GETC) or the Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC) is not required for admission; however, completion will satisfy the lower-division/GE requirements for the following undergraduate colleges: John Muir, Earl Warren, Eleanor Roosevelt, Thurgood Marshall, Sixth and Seventh Colleges . Eighth College will begin accepting transfer students in 2026. For Revelle College , Cal-GETC/IGETC does not clear all lower-division GE requirements. Students with Cal-GETC/IGETC are required to complete 3 courses in mathematics and 5 courses in natural science before transfer or while enrolled at UC San Diego. Please refer to individual college websites for more information: Thurgood Marshall John Muir Revelle Eleanor Roosevelt Sixth Earl Warren Seventh Eighth If you plan to follow the Cal-GETC/IGETC, consider: Completing a partial Cal-GETC/IGETC is possible. Following Cal-GETC/IGETC can make your path to graduation easier - once you transfer, you can concentrate on your major field of study. Does UC San Diego offer deferment? UC San Diego admits only for the Fall term to which the student applied. Students who would like to enroll at a later date must reapply when they are ready to attend. Rare exceptions may be made for admitted students who have received military orders to report for active duty or if you require acute medical care for up to a maximum of one year only. Requests for deferment must be made by submitting the Request for Deferment Form . Only students who accept the offer of admission may be considered for a deferment. To be eligible to request a deferment, all transcripts and test scores must have been submitted by the deadline and validated. Military Connected I'm a veteran and I am thinking of applying to UC San Diego. Where should I begin? We have many resources and services dedicated to helping you transition from the military to college life. We have a Military-Connected page dedicated to helping you get started with your application to UC San Diego as an Undergraduate student. Where can I find more information about on- and off-campus resources for Veterans? Use the links on our Military-Connected page to connect directly to a wide range of helpful resources. I'm wondering if there are any specific benefits available to Veterans? Yes. We offer many benefits specifically for veterans, including financial aid for you and your dependents, priority class registration (after the first quarter), a welcome week orientation, active student veterans organizations and a student veterans resource center. Learn more about the complete scope of veterans benefits available at UC San Diego. Does UC San Diego have an ROTC campus office? No, UC San Diego does not have an ROTC campus office. ROTC programs at San Diego State University and the University of San Diego handle UC San Diego's ROTC process. Learn more about using ROTC funds at UC San Diego . International Students How do my international courses match up? Visit the International Students webpage for additional information about the qualifications for International students. Exams Does UC San Diego require the SAT or ACT for first-year applicants? UC San Diego will not consider SAT or ACT test scores as a factor in admissions decisions. Demonstration of English proficiency is still required for international students, please visit our webpage to learn more. I can't find my College Board test scores - where are they? AP grade reports for tests taken in May are sent to the colleges or universities you designated at the time you took your exams when scores are released by CollegeBoard. You may also designate UC San Diego (school code 004836) as your Free Score Send Recipient. Some grade reports take longer to reach us for four main reasons: inconsistent student identification information; late return of exam materials to the AP program; or some students test late using an alternative form of the exam; or you may have selected the wrong school and will need to submit another order. Be sure to verify UC San Diego (school code 004836) is the designated recipient of AP scores as there are several universities in San Diego. If you requested your exams in May and they qualify for academic credit, the scores and credit will display in time for new student enrollment. What do I do if I've confirmed with the College Board that all my scores were sent, but I still can't find them? Official Advanced Placement scores will display for students who have accepted the offer of admission when College Board sends AP scores to UC San Diego electronically. If your test scores are not showing by the time enrollment appointment times are published, please email us at processing@ucsd.edu with the following information: date/s you requested your scores from College Board names used each time you took the exam (even if it only varies by the inclusion or exclusion of a middle initial) the year in which you took the exams the method of delivery you chose-one week or rush delivery. What can I do if I requested my test scores after the month of May? If you need AP Calculus scores to fulfill a prerequisite and they are arriving late, you may email a copy of your results from College Board to the Math Placement Office at mathtesting@ucsd.edu and notify them that your AP scores may be delivered after July 15. If you requested your tests after the month of May, we might not receive your test scores by your scheduled enrollment time. We will continue to process incoming test scores as they arrive; however, we cannot guarantee these scores will be posted in time for your enrollment. Tests are processed in the order they are received. Please allow a minimum of two weeks after you receive your confirmation from College Board that your scores have been sent. This will allow processing time for credit to be posted. I provided inconsistent information on my tests. What should I do? If the name you used varied in each testing sitting, College Board will not be able to match your name and will not be able to send us one grade report for the cumulative tests taken. If this is the case, you will need to request from College Board that a grade report, including AP grades from all prior years, be sent to UC San Diego. What is the College Board code for UC San Diego? The number to use for College Board is 004836 . Why is it important that I send in my AP English Language and/or AP English Composition Scores? A score of 3 or higher fulfills the UC Entry Level Writing Requirement . Why is it important that I send in my AP Calculus scores? AP Calculus scores are used to verify prerequisites for math courses. Scores of 3 or higher on the AP calculus AB exam earn 4 units of math credit (8 units for BC scores of 3 or higher). Scores of 2 may be used to place into introductory calculus courses (see UC San Diego General Catalog - Advanced Placement Credit ). If you have any questions regarding your math placement, please visit the Math Testing and Placement website or contact the Math Testing and Placement office at mathtesting@ucsd.edu . I've taken AP Calculus tests but have not sent my scores yet. What should I do? If you have received: an AP calculus AB score of 2 or higher; or a BC score of 3 or higher; or if you received a BC score of 1 or 2 WITH an AB subgrade of 2 or higher, then you should request from the College Board that your AP Calculus scores be sent to UC San Diego immediately. (NOTE: AP Calculus AB scores of 1 or BC scores of 1 or 2 WITH an AB subgrade of 1 will not satisfy any prerequisites for math courses.) Where can I look to be sure my AP Calculus scores have been sent here? Check your AP Student Grade Report. If the College Code 4836 is listed, then your scores have been sent to the UC San Diego Admissions Office. Since your AP calculus scores may not be received and posted before the online enrollment period, you should also send a copy of your AP Student Grade Reports showing your AP Calculus score to the Math Testing and Placement Office (fax 858-534-1011 or email mathtesting@ucsd.edu ) as early as possible. Include your TSN, your desired math placement, and your contact information on the fax or email. Once the Math Testing and Placement Office has received your AP Student Grade Report, they will pre-authorize you to enroll in your desired math course subject to the prerequisite you met and the timely receipt of your fax or email. How do I request IB transcripts? To request International Baccalaureate (IB) transcripts, go to the IB website . In order to complete the request form, you may need some of the following information: University of California, San Diego - Office of Undergraduate Admissions Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093 Applicant Portal What is the Applicant Portal? New applicants will be invited to log into the Applicant Portal where they can complete Checklist tasks and learn of their application decision in the spring. All applicants will receive an email notification in November with login instructions to create their account at that time. How can I make changes to my UC Application after submission? You can log into your UC Application to review and, if necessary, change your telephone number, email, mailing address, TOEFL or International Exam Scores. You can also apply to additional campuses if they are still accepting applications. Minor changes to your activities, awards, volunteer work or employment are unlikely to have an impact on your admission decision and cannot be updated. How can I submit academic updates to my UC Application after submission? After the Applicant Portal opens in October, applicants can update their choice of major and college ranking until January 31. Transfer students must log into the UC Application to submit the Transfer Academic Update by the priority deadline of January 31. Who do I contact if I'm having trouble logging into the Applicant Portal? Look for an email invitation from UC San Diego containing Applicant Portal Login instructions sent to the email address you provided on your UC Application within a few days of your application submission. You might need to look in your SPAM folder. The email will provide the Portal Link, Username and PIN to create your account. If you do not receive the email, please contact processing@ucsd.edu and ask that they resend the email to you. Campus Tours What tours are available? We offer various types of tours of our campus . Where should I park? Please refer to our Directions & Parking page for up-to-date information. Where are we meeting for the tour? Guests are instructed to meet at the Triton Center , where they can check-in for the tour. You can find us on the first floor of the Student Services Center next to Town Square. Please feel free to use our Self-Guided Tour map as a guide. What if my group is traveling by bus? If you will be arriving in a charter bus, we ask that students be dropped off at Matthew's Loop, located at the end of Matthew's Lane. To access Matthew's Lane: Please exit Genesee Avenue from I-5. If exiting from the Northbound side, make a left at the exit. If exiting from the Southbound side, make a right turn at the exit. Make a right onto Campus Point Dr. and continue straight as it will turn into Voight Drive (you will pass a hospital, baseball fields and even see our trolley line). Make a left onto Matthew's Lane (Voight will come to a "T"). Students can be dropped off at the loop at the end of Matthew's Lane. Charter buses can be parked in lot P782, located to the east side of the campus by the medical side. Please use our campus map for guidance. You do not need a parking permit if the charter bus driver is staying on the bus throughout your time at UC San Diego. If the bus is left unattended, then you will need to purchase a daily permit through the ParkMobile app . Is there a check-in process? We require all guests to check-in before attending the tour. A mobile check-in option will be emailed to you an hour before the tour. We recommend that you utilize this contactless method to let us know when you arrive. Please be mindful that your location services must be enabled on your device in order for the mobile check-in to work. You also need to be in close proximity to campus for this option to work. If you are still facing issues with the mobile check-in, we are available in the Triton Center to help. Please plan on arriving a few minutes early to ensure you are not late for your tour. Are we going all across campus? Our campus spans an area of 1,976 acres . In the interest of your time, and to avoid exhaustion, our tour route will only go through the central campus. We have additional tour routes available on our Self-guided Tour Map for you to explore if you would like to see more of the campus during your visit. Can we see inside the residence halls? Due to privacy and security reasons, guests are not permitted to enter residential buildings at this time. If you wish to learn more about the housing accommodations here at UC San Diego, please visit the HDH Undergrad Housing website . You are also welcome to stop by the Triton Center and connect with a Student Assistant to learn more about the living and learning neighborhoods and the dining experience here at UC San Diego. Can we see the classrooms? The academic year is currently underway, so we recommend visitors do not try to open the classroom doors as classes might be in session. Please be mindful of the students and staff using the classroom space. Where are the best places to eat on campus? UC San Diego has dozens of places to eat on campus. We recommend stopping by the Price Center , which has a variety of quick-serve options. Depending on the time of year, some dining options might be closed and/or have a change to their usual hours of operation. What should I wear? Bring walking shoes and weather protection! The 90-minute walking tour is entirely outside. Although rare in sunny San Diego, please bring an umbrella if rain is in the forecast as there is minimal shelter from rain along our tour path. Are wheelchairs available? We have two wheelchairs available on a first-come, first-served basis that you can request from our office. Send an email request including your name to our office at least 2 business days before your tour to reserve one of our wheelchairs. We will not be able to accommodate any requests for wheelchairs on the day of your scheduled tour. Our Campus Ambassadors will not be able to push you, so please ensure that you or someone in your party will be able to do so. If you have your own wheelchair, all our Campus Ambassadors are trained on wheelchair accessible routes and can easily adjust the tour to avoid stairs or steep slopes. Any recommendations for where to stay? UC San Diego Parent & Family Programs has partnered with Bartell Hotels to offer families, students, alumni, and friends reduced hotel rates at some of the finest properties in San Diego. Please visit their Local Resource landing page for more information. Can we visit and eat at the dining locations that student residents frequently eat? Yes! We welcome small tour groups of less than 20 people to visit any of the many restaurants frequented by our student population. We recommend that you check the dining website for specific hours of operation and any special events happening on the day of your visit. We kindly accept all major credit cards; however, all locations are cash-free. If you would like to use a prepaid campus card (Triton Cash), please contact tritoncardaccounts@ucsd.edu for more information. What if our tour group is larger than 20 people? If your tour group is larger than 20 people, please get in touch with us at diningengagement@ucsd.edu , and we will be happy to provide you with information on large group accommodations. We offer a range of options to accommodate groups of all sizes, and we would be delighted to help you plan a memorable visit. Didn't find what you were looking for? If you didn't find the answer you were looking for, please use the dropdown below to locate contact information for further assistance. Directory of Key Campus Offices Select from the dropdown below and we'll point you to the right people. Select a Topic - SELECT - Applicant Portal and Triton Checklist Campus Tours Colleges Departments and Majors Financial Aid and Scholarships Graduate Division Housing Dining Hospitality International Students and Engagement Office (ISEO) Math Testing Military Affiliated Office for Students with Disabilities Office of the Registrar including Residency Parent and Family Programs Test Scores Transcripts UC Application Center Office of the Registrar including Residency Website registrar.ucsd.edu Email (Registrar) registrar@ucsd.edu Email (Residency) residencedeputy@ucsd.edu Parent and Family Programs Website parents.ucsd.edu Additional Website Resources for Students With Dependents Email parents@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-7273 Housing Dining Hospitality Website hdhhome.ucsd.edu Email housinginfo@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-4010 The Colleges Revelle College Website revelle.ucsd.edu John Muir College Website muir.ucsd.edu Thurgood Marshall College Website marshall.ucsd.edu Earl Warren College Website warren.ucsd.edu Eleanor Roosevelt Website roosevelt.ucsd.edu Sixth College Website sixth.ucsd.edu Seventh College Website seventh.ucsd.edu Eighth College Website eighth.ucsd.edu Departments and Majors Website admissions.ucsd.edu/why/departments/index.html Office for Students with Disabilities Website osd.ucsd.edu Email osd@ucsd.edu Applicant Portal and Triton Checklist New Applicants will receive an email invitation to the Applicant Portal in mid-December to complete action items and learn of their application decision in the spring. Admitted students accepting the offer of admission receive an email invitation to the Triton Checklist to complete pre-enrollment tasks such as applying for on-campus Housing, college orientation and academic advising, instructions to submit and monitor receipt of official transcripts, and other important requirements within 48 hours after accepting the offer. Login Questions Email processing@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-4208 Campus Tours Location Student Services Center, Triton Center, First Floor Hours M-F: 9 a.m. - 4 p.m. (Pacific Time) Website admissions.ucsd.edu/visit/ Email tritontours@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-4831 Financial Aid and Scholarships Location Student Services Center, 3rd floor north Hours For Current hours, including Virtual Counseling via zoom visit Financial Aid . Website fas.ucsd.edu Email finaid@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-4480 Graduate Division Website grad.ucsd.edu Email gradadmissions@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-3555 International Students and Engagement Office (ISEO) Location International Students & Engagement Office, Student Center B, 9500 Gilman, Drive #0018, La Jolla, California 92093-0018 Contact Us Contact Info Website iseo.ucsd.edu Email Contact Form After accepting an offer of admission , students will receive an email invitation to the Triton Checklist to complete pre-enrollment tasks. International Students will find a link to the I-Portal on the Triton Checklist for international student orientation and I-20 processing instructions. You will create an account in the I-Portal after you have been granted access to the Triton Checklist. You will then work with the International Students and Engagement Office (ISEO) directly. Math Testing Website mathtesting.ucsd.edu Email mathtesting@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-3373 Other placement exams: https://students.ucsd.edu/academics/exams-grades-transcripts/exams/placement-exams.html Military Affiliated Veteran Resource Center Website svrc.ucsd.edu Email svrc@ucsd.edu Military Connected Benefits Coordinator Email vao@ucsd.edu (Jay Nelson) Office of Admissions Website admissions.ucsd.edu/military-connected/index.html Email timothyadm@ad.ucsd.edu (Timothy Borch) Test Scores Hours M-F, 1 p.m. - 4 p.m. (Pacific Time) Email processing@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-4208 For more information, visit our Frequently Asked Questions page . Transcripts Hours M-F, 1 p.m. - 4 p.m. (Pacific Time) Email processing@ucsd.edu Phone (858) 534-4208 Only students who have accepted an offer of admission are required to submit official transcripts by July 1. Please refer to the Triton Checklist after accepting an offer of admission for instructions. For more information, visit our Frequently Asked Questions page . UC Application Center Email ucinfo@applyUCsupport.net Phone (800) 207-1710 - toll free in the U.S. Phone (International) +1 (925) 298-6856 How to Apply Application Filing Period: November 1 - November 30 Learn More View More Resources & Publications Explore our Admissions YouTube Channel. Your guide to UC San Diego's academics, research and resources. An inside look at UC San Diego's diverse community. Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-4831 Instagram Twitter TikTok Facebook YouTube © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact