Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Apply Now Search Button Toggle navigation Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Undergraduate Admissions Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Get Started Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Apply Now Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Undergraduate Admissions First-Year Student Application Requirements Interested in becoming a Triton? Applicants are encouraged to review the First-Year Student Application Timeline to ensure they don't miss any important dates and deadlines in the application process. As a first-year applicant, you must earn a high school diploma (or equivalent) and satisfy First-year requirements | UC Admissions . UC San Diego reviews both academic and non-academic factors in consideration for admission. Competitive applicants present an academic profile stronger than the minimum requirements detailed below. College Preparatory 'A-G' Subject Requirement Grade Point Average (GPA) Requirement Testing Selective Majors Personal Insight Questions Portfolio Review (optional for majors to the Arts) College Ranking College Preparatory 'A-G' Subject Requirement To be eligible for admission to UC San Diego, you must complete UC College preparatory courses (A-G courses) in the subjects below and earn a "C" grade or better. Complete at least 11 of the 15 courses before your senior year of high school. A-G College Preparatory Courses A-G College Preparatory Courses Years a. History/social science 2 b. English 4 c. Mathematics 3 (4 recommended) d. Laboratory science 2 (3 recommended) e. Language other than English (or other second language) 2 (3 recommended) f. Visual and performing arts 1 g. College preparatory elective 1 California residents: take the courses in these areas that appear on your high school's UC-approved course list . International applicants: learn more on the International Students page. All applicants: UC will accept a grade of CR (credit) or P (pass) in A-G courses completed Winter 2020 through Summer 2021 only . Grade Point Average (GPA) Requirement To be eligible for admission to UC San Diego, you must earn the following minimum GPA in all A-G courses. California residents must earn a GPA of 3.0 (or better) with no grade lower than "C." Non-California residents, including International applicants, must earn a GPA of 3.4 (or better) with no grade lower than a "C." Your GPA is based on grades earned in college preparatory (A-G) courses taken during 10th and 11th grades (including summer sessions). Testing UC San Diego does not consider SAT or ACT test scores as a factor in admissions or scholarship decisions. If you choose to submit test scores, they may be used as an alternative method of fulfilling minimum requirements or for course placement should you be admitted, and enroll at the university. International Students Demonstration of English proficiency is required if your native language is not English and your secondary/high school education was in a country where English is not the language of instruction. Learn more on the International Students page . To demonstrate English proficiency take one of the following: To demonstrate English proficiency take one of the following: Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), International English Language Testing System (IELTS), Duolingo English Test (DET)) Examination Minimum Score Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) 4.5 or better (Internet-based test) or 83 or higher (internet-based tests completed prior to January 2026) International English Language Testing System (IELTS) 7 Duolingo English Test (DET) 115 Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate Tests If you complete Advanced Placement (AP) courses, we recommend that you complete the related AP examination to demonstrate subject mastery. Similarly, International Baccalaureate (IB) scores can be used to showcase academic mastery. To receive unit credit toward the baccalaureate degree, you must submit an official copy of your AP or IB scores directly from the testing agency. This can be done in the summer following your high school graduation. Students who earn scores of 3, 4, or 5 on College Board Advanced Placement (AP) Examinations taken before high school graduation will receive 2, 4, or 8 units of credit toward graduation. Other entrance exams taken after high school graduation are not considered. For more information on AP Credit and IB Credit, please review the University of California page on exam credits and UC San Diego General Catalog . Selective Majors A selective major is one with limited enrollment, due to capacity. Data Science Engineering * Public Health If you are applying to a selective major, we strongly recommend that you indicate an alternate non-selective major on your UC application. If you are not admitted to your first-choice selective major, you may be admitted to your alternate major if space is available. * Nanoengineering and Structural Engineering are considered Screened Majors at UC San Diego Personal Insight Questions The personal insight questions are about getting to know you better - your life experience, interests, ambitions and inspirations. This is your opportunity to tell us who you are, what's important to you and the contributions you would make to the UC San Diego Triton community. You must answer 4 out of 8 questions. Each answer is limited to 350 words. All questions are given equal consideration in the application review process. We recommend selecting questions that reveal the most about you and best reflect your experiences. Personal Insight Questions UC students and admissions staff share their best tips for writing application essays Personal Insight Questions Tips and tricks for acing this important part of the UC Application Triton Admission Guide Your guide to UC San Diego's academics, research and resources Portfolio Review Applicants to majors in the Arts (Music, Theatre & Dance, Visual Arts) have the option to submit a portfolio or audition. Visit The School of Arts and Humanities and click on Portfolio for more information. College Ranking UC San Diego's unique college system creates an opportunity to make the university experience more personal and approachable by providing support and a smaller community within the larger university. Students are free to pursue their chosen major no matter which college they are affiliated with. You will have the option to rank your top four undergraduate colleges on the UC Application. Visit our Colleges page and review the general education requirements to learn more. First-Year applicants completing California Community College coursework, please note: Neither Cal-GETC, IGETC certification, nor partial-IGETC completion may apply toward the full completion of UC San Diego college general education requirements for incoming first-year students. Transferable credits will be applied towards relevant general education requirements. Admissions Information We're looking for fearless innovators. Bold risk-takers. Those with a compulsive urge to take things apart, discover what makes them tick and put them back together in surprising new ways. People who are eager to swap ideas, share experiences and explore the world with a fresh perspective. If that sounds like you, start building your future at UC San Diego. Requirements Timeline Review Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-4831 Instagram Twitter TikTok Facebook YouTube © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact