Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Apply Now Search Button Toggle navigation Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Undergraduate Admissions Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Get Started Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Apply Now Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Undergraduate Admissions First-Year Student Application Review UC San Diego typically receives more than 130,000 first-year applications each year. The most competitive applicants present an academic profile beyond the minimum UC admission requirements. Application Review To identify and admit students who are prepared to contribute and thrive as part of the Triton community, UC San Diego conducts a holistic review of first-year applicants. Every application, including the personal insight questions, is thoroughly reviewed. Consideration is given for the academic and personal factors listed below. Academic Achievement Grade Point Average (GPA) Your GPA in 10th and 11th grade college preparatory A-G coursework are considered when you apply for admission. This includes additional weight for available UC-approved honors, Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), or UC-transferable college courses. Achievement in College Preparatory A-G Courses & Beyond Application readers will be looking at the number of, rigor of and grades earned in courses beyond the minimum A-G course requirements including available UC-approved honors, AP, IB, or transferable college or university courses as well as your senior year schedule. Eligibility in the Local Context (ELC) Some students may be identified by the University of California as ELC, ranking in the top 9% of their California high school class. The program recognizes your individual accomplishments in light of the opportunities offered by your particular high school. Performance of Standardized Tests Demonstration of English proficiency is required if your native language is not English and your secondary/high school education was in a country where English is not the language of instruction. Learn more on the International Students page . Note: UC San Diego does not consider SAT or ACT test scores as a factor in admissions or scholarship decisions. Personal Qualities We value cultural, socioeconomic and intellectual diversity and are looking for students who will actively contribute to our campus. We're looking for students who demonstrate exceptional characteristics like leadership, motivation, tenacity, initiative, originality, creativity, intellectual independence, responsibility, insight and maturity. We also value students who demonstrate concern for others and for their community. Below are the important personal qualities we consider when determining your admission. Academic Enrichment We're interested in the duration and level of your involvement, the academic advancements you achieved during this time, and the intellectual rigor of the specific program. Creative, Intellectual, Social or Professional Achievement Show us how you contribute to your team, job or community. We're looking for additional evidence of exemplary, sustained achievement in any field of intellectual or creative endeavor, including your accomplishments in the performing arts and athletics, employment, leadership in school or community organizations or activities and community service. Challenges, Hardships, Unusual Circumstances We are looking for students with maturity, determination and insight who have had to overcome challenging circumstances. Tell us about contextual factors that bear directly on your achievement, including linguistic background, parental education level and other indicators of support available in your home. Portfolio Review Students applying to Music, Theatre & Dance, or Visual Arts may submit an optional portfolio/audition video when they apply to UC San Diego. Your submission will be reviewed by the department to which you are applying and their evaluation shared with the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. This evaluation may add value to your overall application. Visit The School of Arts and Humanities Undergraduate Students page for additional information. The portfolio is optional and applicants can still be admitted without providing the additional material. The Office of Undergraduate Admissions does not accept submissions sent directly to our office. Admissions Information We're looking for fearless innovators. Bold risk-takers. Those with a compulsive urge to take things apart, discover what makes them tick and put them back together in surprising new ways. People who are eager to swap ideas, share experiences and explore the world with a fresh perspective. If that sounds like you, start building your future at UC San Diego. Requirements Timeline Review Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-4831 Instagram Twitter TikTok Facebook YouTube © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact