Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Apply Now Search Button Toggle navigation Search This Site Search Faculty/Staff Undergraduate Admissions Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Get Started Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Apply Now Apply Get Started First-Year Transfer International Military-Connected Why Majors Colleges Career Prep & Internships Communities Cost & Financial Aid Health & Safety Housing Location Student Life Visit Directions & Parking Events Tours Resources Contact Us Mailing List Publications Event Recordings FAQs Parents & Families Counselors Recursos en Español Estudiantes de Primer Año Estudiantes de Transferencia Conectar Ven a Vernos Licenciaturas y Programas Comunidad y Cultura Ayuda Financiera Mas Recursos Para Padres En Español Undergraduate Admissions First-Year Student Application Timeline Application Timeline August 1 Application Opens The University of California Application opens for the academic term beginning next Fall. October 1 FAFSA and California Dream Act Open FAFSA and California Dream Act applications open*. Only complete one. U.S. citizens and permanent residents: Complete FAFSA, use IRS data retrieval for tax information. Non-U.S. citizens: Complete California Dream Act Application if you are a California resident not eligible for FAFSA who attended a CA High School for 3 years or more and will or have already graduated (AB540 eligible). *It is recommended that all students submit a financial aid application, even if they do not expect to qualify. Submitting an application will ensure you are considered for any scholarships for which you may be eligible. October 1 - November 30 Submit Your Application Submit the University of California Application by the November 30 deadline. December Applicant Portal Upon receipt of their application, applicants will receive an email invitation to the Applicant Portal with login instructions. Make sure you check all email folders to ensure you are receiving emails from us and they are not being marked as spam. March 2 File Your FAFSA or California Dream Act Application To receive priority funding, file your FAFSA or California Dream Act application no later than March 2. List UC San Diego school code 001317 on your application. Apply for a Cal Grant . By Mid-March First-Year Admission Decisions Posted First-Year admission decisions will be posted on the Applicant Portal before the end of March. April 15 Applicants invited to join the Waitlist Select applicants will be invited to opt in to our waitlist through their Applicant Portal . First-year applicants must opt in to the waitlist by 11:59pm on April 15. Being on the waitlist does not guarantee an offer of admission. We strongly urge students to accept another university's admission offer before the appropriate deadline to ensure they have secured a spot at an institution. UC San Diego will release final decisions to first-year applicants who opted into the waitlist mid to late summer. May 1 Deadline for First-Year Admits to Accept UC San Diego's Offer of Admission Accept your offer through the Applicant Portal . June 15 Deadline to provide Financial Aid and Scholarships additional documents needed to complete your file, and if eligible to be considered for UC San Diego priority financial aid funding. For more information please log into your financial aid portal. July 1 Deadline to Submit Your Final Transcripts Submit final, official transcripts: high school(s) plus any college/university transcripts. Refer to Required Documents from Schools Outside the United States if any of your coursework was taken outside the U.S. July 15 AP and IB Exam Results Due AP and IB exam results are due no later than July 15. Please request results be sent to UC San Diego, school code: 004836. For more information, please refer to the Advanced Placement FAQs . Admissions Information We're looking for fearless innovators. Bold risk-takers. Those with a compulsive urge to take things apart, discover what makes them tick and put them back together in surprising new ways. People who are eager to swap ideas, share experiences and explore the world with a fresh perspective. If that sounds like you, start building your future at UC San Diego. Requirements Timeline Review Student Services Center, MC 0021 9460 Russell Lane, Suite 159 La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-4831 Instagram Twitter TikTok Facebook YouTube © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Accessibility Feedback Health & Safety Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact