Skip to main content FINANCIAL AID & SCHOLARSHIPS FAS UC San Diego Search This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term Close Nav Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Toggle navigation MENU Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Search Scope This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term HOME Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Undergraduate Cost of Attendance We know that the cost of earning a degree is a significant financial investment. Understanding the breakdown of costs and how UC San Diego's comprehensive financial aid program helps students afford costs will allow you to plan ahead for your future. To read more about the expected cost of attendance, select the cohort below that best applies to you. The annual cost of attendance includes estimates for: Tuition and fees Living expenses (i.e. food and housing) Books, course materials, supplies, and equipment Miscellaneous personal expenses and Transportation expenses Based on your program, additional costs may apply. To read more about the expected cost of attendance, select the cohort below that best applies to you. Loading... Financial Assistance Information Students may submit a Special Circumstances - Cost of Attendance Appeal with supporting documentation for expenses such as rent and utilities, transportation, computer purchases, or increased books and supplies. Submission of an appeal does not guarantee approval. Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loans and Federal Direct PLUS Loans require completion of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) . FAFSAs are available beginning October 1 each year. Students who are unable to complete the FAFSA or California Dream Act Application, or who are enrolled less than half-time (6 units) , may still be eligible to apply for a Private Education Loan . Private loans are available to both domestic and international students. Students should contact the Financial Aid and Scholarships Office for lenders that accept international applicants or consult ELMSelect and finaid.org for guidance on comparing private loan options. Net Price Calculator Use this tool to see how much financial aid you may be eligible to receive for in the 2025-26 academic year. Estimate Your Aid Disclaimer The amount of grants and scholarships offered are subject to change and may be prorated based on a student's actual budget type (e.g., residence hall versus off-campus apartment). UC San Diego reserves the right to adjust financial aid offers to correct any awarding errors. Changes to qualifying information or revisions of federal, state, or institutional policy may result in updates to aid eligibility and adjustments of financial aid offers. Some or all instruction for all or part of the Academic Year may be delivered remotely. Tuition and fees have been set regardless of the method of instruction and will not be refunded in the event instruction occurs remotely for any part of the Academic Year. Figures for tuition, fees, Student Health Insurance and on-campus housing represent currently approved amounts and may not be final. Actual tuition and fees are subject to change by the University of California as determined to be necessary or appropriate. Final approved tuition and fee levels may differ from the amounts presented. If different tuition and fee levels are approved, your costs and your financial aid awards may be adjusted. Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Tuition Stability Plan Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs UC San Diego 9500 Gilman Dr. La Jolla, CA 92093 (858) 534-2230 Copyright © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Feedback