Skip to main content FINANCIAL AID & SCHOLARSHIPS FAS UC San Diego Search This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term Close Nav Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Toggle navigation MENU Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Search Scope This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term Types of Financial Aid HOME Types As you research options to help meet the cost of your educational goals, take some time to learn more about your options. While loans seem to be most frequently discussed, there are several other great financial aid opportunities you may be eligible to receive - and some that you don't even need to pay back! Check out the different types of financial aid below, and click to learn more about each option. Grants Grants are a form of gift aid, meaning they do not need to be paid back. Grants are awarded based on your financial need. Loans Loans are a form of financial aid that you can borrow and must be repaid with interest . There are various types of loans available under differing terms and conditions. Scholarships Scholarships are awarded on merit, academic excellence, and additional criteria, such as financial need or leadership. Scholarships are a form of gift aid and do not need to be paid back. Work-Study Federal and institutional work-study are subsidized student employment programs. Work-study recipients earn money to put toward their educational costs through hourly employment with a work-study job. Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Financial aid is available for study abroad programs, exchange programs, and internships during both the summer and the regular academic year. Summer Session UC San Diego's Summer Session is considered an addition to the academic year. Limited financial aid funding is available. Be sure to enroll in at least 6 units at your earliest opportunity to be considered for priority funding (if eligible). Military-Connected Student Benefits Federal and state programs offer educational benefits for veterans and their eligible family members. Other Funding Sources Review our list of additional sources, as you may qualify for educational funding outside UC San Diego. FAQ Have questions? Use this resource to find answers to all your frequently asked questions. Frequently Asked Questions Video Resources Videos focus on applying for financial aid and offer tips on other methods of financing your education. UC YouTube Resources Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources UC San Diego 9500 Gilman Dr. La Jolla, CA 92093 (858) 534-2230 Copyright © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Feedback