Skip to main content FINANCIAL AID & SCHOLARSHIPS FAS UC San Diego Search This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term Close Nav Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Toggle navigation MENU Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Search Scope This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term HOME Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Tuition Stability Plan Tuition Stability Plan At UC San Diego, we believe students should be able to plan for an investment in their future. Through the University of California's Tuition Stability Plan , creating a financial plan for your undergraduate study has never been easier. The plan provides you and your family the comfort of knowing your tuition rate will stay the same for up to six years, allowing you to plan financially without any surprises along the way. You will still pay applicable campus fees, which are not included in this policy. The Tuition Stability Plan applies to all first-year and transfer undergraduate students who enroll at UC San Diego during or after the fall 2021 quarter. What is Included Tuition Student services fee Non-resident supplementary tuition What is Not Included Campus-based fees are not covered and may change from year to year. Detailed information about fees is posted on the Undergraduate Registration Fees page. Frequently Asked Questions What happens if I am still enrolled as an undergraduate after six years? After six years you would be assigned to the oldest unexpired cohort. For instance, if you are in the fall 2022 cohort, you would be assigned tuition with students in the fall 2023 cohort beginning in fall 2028. To which cohort am I assigned if I first matriculate as an undergraduate in winter or spring quarter? You would be assigned to the cohort beginning in the previous fall. Your cohort would expire six years following that fall, with the rest of the students in that cohort. To which cohort am I assigned if I first matriculate as an undergraduate during a summer session? You would be assigned to the cohort beginning in the first term in which you matriculate in fall, winter or spring. Your cohort would expire six years following that fall, with the rest of the students in that cohort. How does the Tuition Stability Plan affect part-time tuition? Part-time tuition would be adjusted in relation to the tuition associated with your cohort. Details about part-time fees, eligibility for part-time status and how to apply for part-time status may be found on the Part-Time Study (Undergraduates) page. Are there any exceptions approved for this six-year timeline? For undergraduate students who are called to active duty in the United States military as a result of national emergency or as a result of mobilization of the reserve forces, including the National Guard, and re-enroll at the university, the time remaining in their six-year cohort period will be extended by their total length of service. If you are deployed on active duty, please contact registrar@ucsd.edu . Additional exceptional circumstances will be assessed as necessary. Net Price Calculator Use this tool to see how much financial aid you may be eligible to receive for in the 2025-26 academic year. Estimate Your Aid Undergraduates Tuition Stability Plan UC San Diego 9500 Gilman Dr. La Jolla, CA 92093 (858) 534-2230 Copyright © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Feedback