Skip to main content FINANCIAL AID & SCHOLARSHIPS FAS UC San Diego Search This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term Close Nav Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Toggle navigation MENU Applying Get Started Undergraduates Graduate Students Financial Aid Application Tips Cost of Attendance Undergraduates Graduate Students Rady School School of Global Policy and Strategy Other Self-Supporting Programs Resources Federal Updates Helpful Tools Satisfactory Academic Progress Summer Session Withdrawing Forms Types Grants Loans Scholarships Work-Study Study Abroad & Exchange Programs Military Affiliated Students Other Funding Sources FAQs Contact Us HEERF Search Scope This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term HOME Types Scholarships Scholarships for Entering First-Year Students Scholarships for Entering First-Year Students New entering first-year students may qualify for two types of scholarships: merit scholarships and restricted scholarships. First-Year merit scholarships: Merit scholarships are based solely on academic achievement as reflected in your UC admissions application. First-Year restricted scholarships: Restricted scholarships are awarded on academic merit plus additional criteria such as demonstrated financial need, field of interest, or leadership. If selected, you may need to provide supporting documentation to verify your eligibility under the restricted criteria. All personal and medical information remains confidential. Unless marked otherwise, the following are restricted scholarships: Regents Scholarship (merit-based) The Regents Scholarship is the most prestigious scholarship awarded to undergraduate students at the University of California. Regents Scholarships are merit scholarships, selected on the basis of academic excellence. Entering freshmen receive a $20,000 honorarium paid at $5,000 per year in each of their 4 undergraduate years (plus other special privileges). Read more about the Regents Scholarship : who's eligible, and a detailed list of awards and privileges. Chancellor's Associates Scholarship Admitted first-year students from eligible high schools in San Diego or Imperial counties may be considered for a four-year scholarship of up to $40,000 (up to $10,000 per year). Additionally, students must be California residents, have a total family income below $80,000, demonstrate financial need, eligibility for institutional need-based grants and submit the FAFSA or CADAA by the March 2 deadline to be considered. Additional factors may also include, but not limited to, first-generation college status, being an orphan or ward of the court, parenting dependent children, re-entry status, or service as a U.S. Armed Forces veteran. Eligible schools are public or public-charter schools located in San Diego or Imperial County, and must either have 70% of their students on free/reduced lunch OR be designated by the state as an LCFF+ school. Triton Scholars The Triton Scholars Award is a renewable scholarship for incoming first-year non-resident students who demonstrate academic excellence and bring unique perspectives to the campus community. Awards range from $5,000 to $20,000 per year for up to four years of undergraduate study. Eligible students are automatically considered through the UC application for admission-no separate application is required. Recipients must enroll full-time, maintain good academic standing, remain classified as non-residents, and may not receive a Nonresident Supplemental Tuition waiver in order to renew the award. UC San Diego Athletic Scholarship Eligibility: UC San Diego intercollegiate student-athletes who meet required academic criteria. Contact coaches within specific intercollegiate sport program for additional information. Award amount and term: Variable. Clayton H. Brace Scholarship Eligibility: An entering first-year student with an interest in communications. Award amount and term: A 1-year award up to $1,000. Chancellor's Associates Scholarship: Enrolled Members of Federally Recognized Tribes Eligibility: Entering first-year students who are enrolled members of federally recognized tribes, admitted to UC San Diego. Submit a Federal Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or CA Dream Act Application Considered a California Resident for Tuition Purposes Documentation that will be requested to verify status Certification of tribal enrollment on tribal letterhead OR Enrollment/membership card that contains the tribal seal and/or signature of a tribal leader OR Certificate of Degree of Indian Blood (CDIB) if the CDIB includes tribal enrollment information OR Tribal identification card with enrollment number Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $40,000, paid at up to $10,000 per year. Chancellor's Scholarship Read more about the Chancellor's Scholarships : who's eligible, and a detailed list of awards and privileges. CREATE Undergraduate Scholarship Eligibility: Entering first-year students who've graduated from a San Diego high school participating in the UC San Diego CREATE program . Award amount and term: A 1-year award up to $500. Hispanic Scholarship Council Scholarship Eligibility: Entering students based on demonstrated academic merit and financial need, with a preference for first-generation college students. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $20,000, paid at up to $5,000 per year. Jendy Dennis Scholarship Eligibility: Entering first-year students, graduates of a San Diego County High School, financial need, are first generation college students or are eligible AB540/DACA students. Preference for students in Math, Science or Engineering Majors. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $5,000. Charmaine and Maurice Kaplan Scholarship Eligibility: Entering students based on academic merit, demonstrated financial need, and involvement in extracurricular activities. Award amount and term: Up to $5,000 per year. Kelly J. Kolozsi Memorial Scholarship Eligibility: Graduates of Menlo Atherton High School Graduates of a high school in the Sequoia Union High School District Award amount and term: Varies. Lytle Scholarship Eligibility: Entering first-year students, graduates of UC San Diego Preuss School, with community service, financial need, are first generation college students, and have demonstrated academic achievement. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $10,000, paid at up to $2,500 per year. Dr. A.R. Moossa Scholarship Eligibility: Pre-medical students who plan a career as a physician, have demonstrated financial need, and are full-time students with a minimum 3.0 GPA. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $8,000, paid at up to $2,000 per year. George Parker Memorial Scholarship Eligibility: Entering first-year students with financial need who were orphaned for at least 3 years prior to the age of 18, and/or to students who were raised in foster care for at least 3 years immediately prior to the age of 18 Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $8,000, paid at up to $2,000 per year. The scholarship is renewable each year, provided students continue full-time undergraduate enrollment at UC San Diego and remain in good academic standing. Other: You must show evidence of financial need and evidence of orphan or foster care status. Gerald and Inez Grant Parker Foundation Scholarship Eligibility: An outstanding UC San Diego entering first-year student from a San Diego or Imperial County high school who has made valuable contributions through community service. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $3,000. Mary Pillot Scholarship Eligibility: Meritorious graduates of San Jose High Academy in San Jose, California, as nominated by the high school principal. Award amount and term: A 1-year award up to $600. Preuss School Scholarships at UC San Diego Eligibility: Graduates of the Preuss School who've been admitted to UC San Diego and who have high financial need. Award amount and term: Varies. Other: Jack in the Box Scholarship Janice and Steven Chaffin Scholarship Hispanic Scholarship Council Scholarship Patrick Ledden Scholarship Lytle Scholarship Preuss School Scholarship Ray and Betty Ramseyer Scholarship Eligibility: An entering student with an interest in the social sciences. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $20,000, paid at up to $5,000 per year. Rose Foundation Scholarship Eligibility: Graduates of San Diego County or Imperial County high schools who are historically underrepresented at UC campuses. Students must have demonstrated financial need, be full-time students, and must have at least a 2.5 GPA. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $20,000, paid at up to $5,000 per year. Shimotori Memorial Scholarship Eligibility: An entering first-year student with academic merit and demonstrated financial need. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $5,000 per year. Student Foundation Scholarship Eligibility: Entering students based on community service, with a preference for demonstrated financial need. Award amount and term: A 1-year award up to $2,000. Ludwig and Ada Strauss Scholarship Eligibility: An academically outstanding entering first-year student, with preference given to a student with demonstrated financial need. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $5,000 per year. Mary S. and Joseph W. Watson Scholarship Eligibility: Entering first-year students with financial need, from San Diego or Imperial County, with preference given to students who: Received their K-12 education in San Diego or Imperial County Are first-generation college students Are not receiving other privately funded UC San Diego scholarships Are majoring in physical sciences or arts and humanities Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $10,000, paid at up to $2,500 per year. Allene Huanani Wong Scholarship Eligibility: An entering first-year student from Hawaii, with a preference for students majoring in science, mathematics, or engineering. Award amount and term: A 4-year award up to $40,000, paid at up to $10,000 per year. Scholarships at UC San Diego do not consider race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, and/or other protected categories as part of the application and selection process. Scholarships Entering First-Year Students Entering Transfer Students Chancellor's Scholarships for Entering First-Year Regents Scholarships for Entering Freshmen Continuing Undergraduate Students Receiving Scholarship Funds from Non-UC San Diego Organizations Middle Class Scholarship Outside Agency Scholarships UC San Diego 9500 Gilman Dr. La Jolla, CA 92093 (858) 534-2230 Copyright © 2026 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Feedback