Vilnius University University Research Admissions Students Employees Partners Vilnius University University Facts and History Structure International cooperation Vilnius University Foundation Documents Equal opportunities Research For researchers Knowledge and Technology Transfer Books Journals Admissions Apply to Bachelor's Studies Apply to Master's Studies Apply to Doctoral studies A Guide for Doctoral Students Submitting Your Application for Doctoral Studies For exchange and visiting students How to Apply Before arrival After arrival and during the semester The End of the Semester Visa and Residence Permit Students Starting studies Studying Completing studies Services for Students Finance Mentoring Academic Counseling Accommodation Career Guidance Exchange Opportunities Emotional Well-Being Studies and Disability Employees Partners Home / Admissions / Apply to Bachelor's Studies Apply to Bachelor's Studies Admissions to Bachelor's and Integrated Studies Choose from more than 30 bachelor's and integrated study programmes that combine strong academic foundations with practical skills, preparing you for further studies and a successful career. Find your programme Apply now Application dates Our International admissions have one intake per academic year . You can only submit your application during the application period. The admissions deadline for studies starting in autumn 2027 is: To keep updated about application dates and processes, sign up for our admission reminder, news and advice. Subscribe Check your eligibility and prepare documents To be eligible to apply to Vilnius University Bachelor or Integrated studies programmes, you must meet the following criteria: 1. General admission requirements Graduation documents To apply for a bachelor's or integrated study programme, you must have completed secondary education (or an equivalent qualification) that grants access to higher education in your home country. If you are graduating this year To check whether you may submit the final diploma at a later stage, please click here . If your situation is not described, you can contact the International Admissions Office at admissions@cr.vu.lt . If you may apply while waiting for final educational documents, submit your most recent academic transcript together with a certificate confirming the expected date of graduation. Official transcripts from your institution You may be asked to request your secondary school, university, or testing board to send official academic transcripts in a sealed and stamped envelope directly to Vilnius University (Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania). Digital copies may be submitted during the admissions period and sent directly to the Admissions Team at admissions@cr.vu.lt from an official institutional email address. For more information about the required documents, check here . Copy of passport or ID card You need to submit the copy of your passport or ID card. If your current name differs from the one on your passport or previous educational documents, please also upload a copy of the official name or surname change document (if applicable). Language proficiency certificate When you apply to Vilnius University, you must provide proof of your language proficiency . Find all accepted ways to demonstrate your language skills, with detailed instructions for the language of instruction. Please note that Vilnius University uses a clearly defined list of acceptable methods approved by the University. You cannot prove your language proficiency in any other way. Motivation letter The applicant is required to submit a motivation letter (1200-4000 characters). Other documents (if requested) Any additional documents required by the International Admissions Office for the assessment of your qualification or application. All documents issued in a language other than English or Lithuanian should be supplemented with an official translation . The translation is considered official when it is bound with the certified true copy of the original document and is confirmed by the translator's signature. Documents issued in English or Lithuanian must be certified true copies and do not require translation. 2. Country-specific requirements Applicants from different countries may have additional requirements. See the full list of countries and education systems covered, and review detailed requirements on a separate page: view country-specific admission requirements . Albania | Algeria | Armenia | Azerbaijan | Bangladesh | Belarus | Brazil | Bulgaria | Cameroon | China | Congo | Denmark | Egypt | Estonia| Finland | France | Georgia | Germany | Ghana | Greece | India | Israel | Iran | Ireland | Italy | Japan | Kazakhstan | Kyrgyzstan | Latvia | Lebanon | Moldova | Mongolia | Morocco | Nepal | Netherlands | Nigeria | North Macedonia | Norway | Pakistan | Peru | Philippines | Poland | Russia | Slovenia | South Korea | Spain | Sri Lanka | Sweden | Tajikistan | Turkey | Turkmenistan | Ukraine | United Kingdom | United States | Uzbekistan | Zimbabwe International and Cross Border Education: GED Testing | International Baccalaureate 3. Programme-specific admission requirements In addition to the general admission and country-specific requirements, some study programmes have programme-specific requirements. These are additional academic or competence criteria you must meet in order to be considered for a particular programme. Programme-specific requirements are listed under each programme description. When assessing your application, the responsible staff member at the academic unit may: evaluate your motivation for the chosen programme; organise an entrance examination or an additional assessment of your knowledge and skills, as defined in the programme-specific requirements; take into account the decision on the recognition of your previous qualifications. Additional requirement for non-EU / non-EFTA applicants For applicants from non-EU and non-EFTA countries, the period between obtaining your last secondary or higher education qualification and your application may not exceed 5 years . Work experience does not cover the gap. Frequently Asked Questions Which applicants are eligible for state-funded study places? If you are a citizen of the Republic of Lithuania or another member country of the European Union (EU) or European Free Trade Association (EFTA), a person (non-EU/EFTA) granted a right of permanent residence in the Republic of Lithuania, child, grandchild or great-grandchild of the Diaspora or person of Lithuanian origin you can apply for both state-funded and non-state-funded study places. Are Ukrainian applicants eligible for state-funded study places at Vilnius University? Ukrainian applicants who completed secondary education in Lithuania can apply for State-funded places through the LAMA BPO application system. Applicants, who apply with their Ukrainian qualifications, unfortunately, will not be granted funding. Application process All international applicants to Bachelor's and integrated or Master's degree programmes must follow the general application guidelines. The application process may differ if you are applying for a programme taught in Lithuanian or if you are eligible to apply for state-funded places. Step-by-step application guide Step 1 - Find your programme When choosing a study programme , consider whether the subjects match your interests and strengths, as this will keep you motivated. You should also think about career opportunities, costs, and whether the programme fits your long-term goals. Keep in mind that each applicant can choose up to three study programmes in one application, but you can only get admitted to one programme. Step 2 - Check your eligibility and prepare documents To be eligible to apply to Vilnius University Bachelor or Integrated studies programmes, you must meet the following criteria: General admissions requirements Country-specific requirements Programme-specific requirements These requirements can be found here . Step 3 - Pay the application fee and submit your application The application to the international bachelor's or integrated studies degree programmes must be submitted on apply.vu.lt . The application fee is 100 EUR per application. The invoice is paid after adding the programmes to the application. Application fee payments are accepted only through the Flywire payment platform. An online application will be processed only after the application fee is collected and the application is submitted with all the required documents. All documents must be submitted before the application submission deadline; otherwise, the application is terminated. Please note: The application fee is non-refundable. Be sure to read the admission requirements and deadlines carefully before applying, as fees cannot be refunded if you are found ineligible or miss a deadline. Step 4 - Assessment of the application After you have successfully uploaded all necessary documents via our online application system apply.vu.lt , your educational documents will be processed for the academic assessment and recognition. Your application is assessed within 30 working days from the day all required documents have been submitted (may be extended in specific cases). Admission criteria: grades, motivation letter, English proficiency test results (for programmes taught in English) and, if applicable, work experience in the field of the chosen study programme and/or the proof of fulfilled specific programme requirements (please check programme description). If you are applying for several programmes at the same time, you can be admitted to only one programme according to your priority list, and you will receive only one acceptance letter. Step 5 - Confirm your acceptance and pay the tuition fee Acceptance letters or rejection notifications will be sent via the online application system apply.vu.lt . Students are obliged to confirm their acceptance of the study offer within 7 working days. Students who are citizens of the European Union, the European Economic Area countries and of other foreign countries, admitted to non-state-funded places in the first year of first-cycle and second-cycle studies through the University's foreign student application system, must pay the annual tuition fee within 15 calendar days from the date of the offer to study. Description of the Procedure of Payment, Reimbursement, and Recovery of Tuition Fees at Vilnius University After the student pays the tuition fee, he receives the final acceptance letter. Then our International Relations Office provides the necessary information related to obtaining a temporary residence permit in Lithuania and sends a mediation letter to the student by e-mail (for non-EU citizens). The information about tuition fee refund policy: To citizens of the European Union and the European Economic Area countries , admitted to non-state-funded places in the first year of first-cycle and second-cycle studies through the University's foreign student application system in the current academic year, the tuition fee is refunded in the following cases and procedure: If the study agreement is terminated before the start of the study semester - 90% of the paid annual tuition fee is refunded. If the study agreement is terminated within 30 calendar days from the start of the study semester - 70% of the paid annual tuition fee is refunded. To citizens of other foreign countries , admitted to non-state-funded places in the first year of first-cycle and second-cycle studies through the University's foreign student application system in the current academic year: the paid annual tuition fee is not refunded, except in cases where the person terminates studies due to not receiving a visa or residence permit in Lithuania (in such cases, 100% of the paid tuition fee is refunded); the student obtains University or State support to fully or partially cover the cost of tuition - up to 100 per cent of the paid cost of annual tuition shall be reimbursed; the student cannot start studying due to factual circumstances independent of their will (e.g. acts of war, pregnancy, etc.) - 100 per cent of the paid cost of annual tuition shall be reimbursed. In the cases of refunding the paid tuition fees, The University also deducts 1% of the amount of the refunded tuition fee to cover the administrative costs of refunding the tuition fees. Step 6 - Arrive and register for studies Studies at Vilnius University begin on the 1st of September , so students should plan their arrival on time. If you are unable to arrive on time, please inform the Admissions Office and your study programme coordinator. Study agreements with students who do not arrive on time will be terminated. All international students are required to bring their educational documents and certified copies along. The Admissions Office may require them to be presented upon arrival (students would be informed in such cases). Please make sure to bring the original graduation documents and their translations into English or Lithuanian. Remember to inform the Accommodation Office of your arrival date if you have a dormitory room booked for you as well. All international and local students must register in the Identity Management System ( ID VU ) to access all IT services provided by Vilnius University. This must be done during the first month of studies (starting September 1st), although we strongly encourage you to do so as soon as you receive the student registration number (sent closer to the 1st of September). Student services such as personal email, eStudent Information system , Virtual Learning Environment , Virtual Library and Internet access can only be accessed after registering in the Identity Management System. Information regarding signing the study agreement will be provided to you by the Faculty. The programme of the Introduction days for first-year students can be found here . Don't miss out! Description of the Procedure for the Admission Description of the Procedure for the Payment, Reimbursement, and Recovery of Tuition Fees at Vilnius University Frequently Asked Questions What is the tuition fee refund policy at Vilnius University? The information about tuition fee refund policy: To citizens of the European Union and the European Economic Area countries , admitted to non-state-funded places in the first year of first-cycle and second-cycle studies through the University's foreign student application system in the current academic year, the tuition fee is refunded in the following cases and procedure: If the study agreement is terminated before the start of the study semester - 90% of the paid annual tuition fee is refunded. If the study agreement is terminated within 30 calendar days from the start of the study semester - 70% of the paid annual tuition fee is refunded. To citizens of other foreign countries , admitted to non-state-funded places in the first year of first-cycle and second-cycle studies through the University's foreign student application system in the current academic year: the paid annual tuition fee is not refunded, except in cases where the person terminates studies due to not receiving a visa or residence permit in Lithuania (in such cases, 100% of the paid tuition fee is refunded); the student obtains University or State support to fully or partially cover the cost of tuition - up to 100 per cent of the paid cost of annual tuition shall be reimbursed; the student cannot start studying due to factual circumstances independent of their will (e.g. acts of war, pregnancy, etc.) - 100 per cent of the paid cost of annual tuition shall be reimbursed. In the cases of refunding the paid tuition fees, the University also deducts 1% of the amount of the refunded tuition fee to cover the administrative costs of refunding the tuition fees. Description of the Procedure of Payment, Reimbursement, and Recovery of Tuition Fees at Vilnius University . I have not paid the application fee yet, and the payment deadline has expired. How can I apply? If you have failed to pay the application fee before the deadline stated on your invoice and have not submitted the application yet, you may do so anytime before the application deadline, the 1st of May or July. Please note that the deadline for your application fee payment is set because only fully submitted applications (with paid application fees and completely submitted documents) are processed for admission. Can the application fee be waived? Do any scholarships cover it? Unfortunately, the application fee of 100 EUR must be paid by all applicants. There is no financial support for this payment. An online application will be processed only after the application fee is collected and the payment receipt is submitted. How many study programmes can I apply for with a single application? Does the application fee cover them all? You may submit the application with a list of three study programmes. The admission procedure for the second study programme would be considered only in the case you would not get an offer to the first one or would reject it. The application fee of 100 EUR covers the entire application process, including admission procedures for the three study programmes. Could the Admission Office check my educational documents before I submit my application? Documents required for the application may only be checked after you submit a full application for studies to the online admission system at apply.vu.lt. In order to make sure that you are eligible to apply, you should check the general requirements for admission , country-specific requirements and study programme-specific requirements (these could be found at each programme description) and make sure that you meet all of them. Can I pay the tuition fee in instalments? The tuition fee payment for the first year of studies must be made during the admission procedure, within 15 calendar days of receiving the pre-acceptance letter. Payments for the later year are made each semester and can be paid in instalments. Click here for more information. I have pursued my secondary education outside of my home country. What requirements apply in this case? It is important that you meet the country-specific requirements set for applicants from the country where you have obtained your high school education. The full list of country-specific requirements can be found here . Arrival matters State-Funded Place or Studies in Lithuanian In certain cases, applicants can apply for a state-funded place or choose Lithuanian-taught studies - learn more about the criteria and possibilities. Find out Chat with VU students If you need more information or personalised advice, choose a VU Ambassador from your home country or the desired study programme and submit your question using the form below. You can expect to hear back from us within 2-3 working days Contact our Ambassadors Contacts Vilnius University About For Media Brand Departments Documents Foundation Alumni Book a venue Contacts Science For researchers Cooperation Scientific journals Library Educational Competence Center Students Admissions First-year students Scholarships Timetable eStudent Library Student Representation Help Center Contacts IT Help Privacy Policy Emergency Response Guide Vilnius University Address: 3 Universiteto St., LT-01513 Vilnius Phone: +370 5 268 7000 Email: infor@cr.vu.lt Institutional Code: 211950810 VAT Number: LT119508113 Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © 2026