Vilnius University University Research Admissions Students Employees Partners Vilnius University University Facts and History Structure International cooperation Vilnius University Foundation Documents Equal opportunities Research For researchers Knowledge and Technology Transfer Books Journals Admissions Apply to Bachelor's Studies Apply to Master's Studies Apply to Doctoral studies A Guide for Doctoral Students Submitting Your Application for Doctoral Studies For exchange and visiting students How to Apply Before arrival After arrival and during the semester The End of the Semester Visa and Residence Permit Students Starting studies Studying Completing studies Services for Students Finance Mentoring Academic Counseling Accommodation Career Guidance Exchange Opportunities Emotional Well-Being Studies and Disability Employees Partners Home / Required application documents Required application documents Required application documents Review the list of required documents you need to prepare and upload together with your application. Graduation documents Copies of educational documents You are required to submit (upload to your DreamApply application or to VU ISAS (only for Lithuanian nationals)) certificates/diplomas and their supplements in the original language, certified by a notary or the issuing institution: For Bachelor's / Integrated studies - documents proving completion of secondary education or equivalent; For Master's - documents proving completion of higher education (Bachelor's or equivalent). Also, please note that for some countries, special document requirements may apply; therefore, be sure to check our country-specific requirements below. If your country is not listed, the general requirements apply. You must bring the original educational documents and their certified copies (in the original language and in English translation, except for Lithuanian documents). The International Admissions Office may ask you to present these documents in person. If final education document not yet issued International students applying via DreamApply can submit a recent transcript of their academic grades and an official document from their school/university indicating the date of their graduation, the completion of the programme, and the awarded qualification. The final graduation documents must be submitted before August 20. Please be aware that in some cases, different deadlines may apply (July 1 if you're applying for the Lithuanian State Scholarship or the Grand Duchy of Lithuania Scholarship). If you are granted an offer of admission, an admissions officer will inform you about the deadline for uploading final documentation. In some cases, the deadline can also be extended upon the applicant's written request. You can apply with your current grades if you are graduating: in one of the member countries of the EU, EFTA or OECD. in one of the following countries: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkey, Ukraine, Uzbekistan or if you graduated from the IB Diploma programme or with a General Certificate of Education with A-level exams (this exemption does not apply to citizens of Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan). Lithuanian nationals applying for Master's studies via VU ISAS must have all grades available in order to participate in the respective admission call. Final educational documents must be uploaded to VU ISAS by 31 August. While waiting for these documents to be issued, applicants must also upload a signed statement of commitment (in free form), which must include the applicant's full name, date, the name of the higher education institution, the title of the qualification to be awarded, and the estimated date of submission of the final educational documents. The statement must be written in Lithuanian. List of programmes that require the OMPT Other documents Copy of passport or ID card You need to submit the copy of your passport or ID card. If your current name is different from the one in your passport or previous education documents, please also upload a copy of the official name or surname change document (if applicable). Language proficiency certificate When you apply to Vilnius University, you must provide proof of your language proficiency . Find all accepted ways to demonstrate your language skills, with detailed instructions of language of instruction. Please note that Vilnius University uses a clearly defined list of acceptable methods approved by the University. You cannot prove your language proficiency in any other way. Motivation letter The applicant is required to submit a motivation letter (1200-4000 characters). Other documents (if requested) Any additional documents required by the International Admissions Office for the assessment of your qualification or application. You must bring the original educational documents and their certified copies (in the original language and translated into English). The International Admissions Office may ask you to present these documents in person. Please also note that you may be asked to request your previous Secondary school/home University/testing board to mail your official academic transcripts in a sealed and stamped envelope directly to Vilnius University (Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania). Official translation of documents All documents issued in a language other than English or Lithuanian should be supplemented with an official translation. The translation is considered official when it is bound with the certified true copy of the original document and is confirmed by the translator's signature. Documents issued in English or Lithuanian must be submitted as certified true copies and do not require translation. Guidelines for uploading documents Make sure your scans are easy to read. You can scan your documents using a phone camera or a scanner. Please make sure that the documents: Include all text on the front and reverse sides. Are merged or scanned into a single file if the document consists of several pages. PDF is the preferred format. Appear 'right-side up'. Are named understandably (secondary education; bachelor and bachelortranscr; passport; namechange, etc.). Where do I submit/upload the documents? Submit the documents by uploading them to your apply.vu.lt application, or to VU ISAS (Lithuanian nationals only). What is a "certified copy" and who can certify my documents? A certified copy is a document bearing an original signature and an official seal from an authorized authority confirming it is a true copy of the original. Your documents can be certified by an authorized official of the issuing institution, a notary, or by attaching an Apostille. Do I need to bring my original documents after arrival? You should bring the original educational documents and certified copies (in the original language and in English translation) with you. The International Admissions Office may ask you to present these documents in person if needed. Country-specific document requirements Here you will find a list of graduation document requirements by country. If your country is not listed below, the general requirements apply Country-specific document requirements If your country is not listed, the general requirements apply. GED Testing Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: High School Equivalency Credential awarded after passing the GED test (The minimum acceptable score is 165). Official GED Transcript. An Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Team ( admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. International Baccalaureate Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: 1. International Baccalaureate Diploma. 2. International Baccalaureate programme results certificate. 3. It is necessary to release the official results to Vilnius University through the IBO website ( http://www.ibo.org ). Albania Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Diploma of State Matura Examination Certificate ( Diplomë e Maturës Shteteröre or Diplomë e Maturës Shteteröre (Profesionale) ). State Matura Certificate ( Certifikatë Maturës Shtetërore ). Algeria Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Baccalauréat de lEnseignement Secondaire , الثانوي التعليم بكالوريا شهادة ). Releve de Notes du Baccalaureat (original supplement). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Licence ). Academic Transcripts ( Relevé de notes ). Armenia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete Secondary General Education ( Mijnakarg Yndhanur Krtoutian Attestat ). Document of the Unified State Examination ( Единые госэкзамены ) for admission to higher education institutions in Armenia. When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University applies a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Azerbaijan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete Secondary Education ( Tam orta təhsil haqqında attestat ). Official results of the state examination for admission to higher education institutions in Azerbaijan organised by the State Student Admissions Commission ( Tələbə Qəbulu üzrə Dövlət Komissiyası (TQDK) ) or State Examination Center ( Dövlət İmtahan Mərkəzi (DIM) ). Minimum score - 200 out of 700. When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University applies a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bakalavr Diplomu ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Bangladesh Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Higher Secondary School Certificate. Academic Transcript of the Higher Secondary School Certificate. Secondary School Certificate. Academic Transcript of the Secondary School Certificate. Only applicants with a final GPA 4.50 or higher (academic programs) and final CGPA 3.50 or higher (technical programs) qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Alim Examinations do not grant access to Bachelor's level programmes at Vilnius University. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bachelor of Science/ Arts (Honours) ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Only applicants with a final CGPA 3.00 or higher qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Bachelor (Pass) 3 years duration programmes do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. Certain study programmes require candidates to pass the OMPT exam with an evaluation of no less than 55 per cent. Belarus Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete Secondary Education ( Aтэстат аб агульнай сярэдняй адукацыi ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Дыплом аб вышэйшай адукацыі ). Diploma Supplement ( Приложение к диплому ). Brazil Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: High School Completion Certificate ( Certificado de Conclusão de Ensino Médio ) with Academic transcripts for the last three years of secondary education. Results of the centralised entrance examination ( ENEM ) or documents attesting to post-secondary education of at least one year at a higher education institution. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bacharelado ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513 , Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office ( admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Bulgaria Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Secondary School Leaving Certificate ( Диплома за средно образование ) - academic stream. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor degree (Бакалавър/Диплома за висше образование на образователно-квалификационна степен бакалавр). Diploma Supplement/ Academic transcript. Cameroon Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: General Certificate of Education Ordinary Level (At least 4 exams passed with the grade C or higher). General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (At least 2 exams passed with the grade E or higher). The official statement of the General Certificate of Education (ordinary and advanced levels) posted directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) by Cameroon General Certificate of Education Board in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office ( admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Or Certificate of Complete Secondary Education ( Baccalaureat de l'Enseignement Secondaire ). Transcript of Results ( Releve de Notes ). Confirmation of Results from the Office du Baccalauréat posted directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) by Cameroon General Certificate of Education Board in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bachelor/ Licence ) Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office ( admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Degrees classified as Third Class Honours do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. China Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Senior Secondary School Graduation Certificate issued jointly by the school and local department of education. Academic transcript for the last three years issued by the school. Verification report in English for the Huikao or the new Academic Proficiency Test ( Xueye Shuiping Ceshi/Kaoshi ) results issued by issued by the Center for Student Services and Development (CSSD) ( https://www.chsi.com.cn/ ). Verification report in English for the Chinese National University Entrance Examination ( GaoKao ) issued by the Center for Student Services and Development (CSSD) ( https://www.chsi.com.cn/ ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Degree Certificate/ Bachelor Diploma (( Xueshi (Xuewei (学士学位) ). Graduation Certificate ( benke, 本科 ) . Academic Transcript. Verification reports in English for the degree certificate issued by the Center for Student Services and Development (CSSD) ( https://www.chsi.com.cn/en/ ). Congo (Democratic Republic of Congo) Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Diplome d'Etat (original). Bulletin for the last 3 years of schooling (original). Only applicants who attained State Examination results 60% or higher qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Denmark Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Secondary School Leaving Examination Certificate (Bevis for Studentereksamen or Bevis for Højere Teknisk Eksamen or Bevis for Højere forberedelseseksamen or Higher Commercial Examination Bevis for Højere handelseksamen). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma. Diploma Supplement Professionsbachelorgrad qualification awarded by university colleges ( professionshøjskoler ) are recognized as Professional Bachelor's degrees. They do not provide access to English-taught Master's programmes and restrict admission to most Lithuanian-taught Master's programmes. Egypt Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: General Secondary Education Certificate ( Thanawiyya al-A'aamaI ) as issued in Arabic. Official General Secondary Education Certificate examination results ( minimum score of 65% ) issued in English by the Ministry of Education or Regional Governorate. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma (applicants must have achieved a grade no lower than "Good" ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. All original education documents issued in Egypt should be legalized by the Lithuanian Embassy in Egypt . Estonia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Secondary School Leaving Certificate ( Gümnaasiumi Lõputunnistus ). Transcript of Grades ( Hinneteleht ). State Examination Certificate ( Riigieksamitunnistus ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bakalaureus ). Diploma Supplement. Finland Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: General Upper Secondary Certificate ( Lukion päättötodistus ) with Matriculation Examination Certificate ( Ylioppilastutkintotodistus ). Vocational upper secondary qualification ( Ammatillinen perustutkinto ). France Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Diploma of Completed Secondary Education ( Diplôme du Baccalauréat ). Transcript of Grades ( Relevé de Notes ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Licence ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript ( Relevé de Notes et Résultats ). Licence professionnelle degree does not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. Georgia (Sakartvelo) Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: General Education Diploma ( Sruli zogadi Ganatlebis Atestati ). Results of the Unified National Examinations ( Ertiani Erovnuli Gamocdebi ) or documents attesting post-secondary education of at least one year at a higher education institution. When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University may apply a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bakalavris diplomi ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Germany Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of General University Entrance Qualification ( Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bakkalaureus/ Bachelor Diplom ) or Diplom ( Fachhochschulen (FH)-Grad ). . Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. ! Higher Education Entrance Qualification for University of Applied Science (Fachhochschulreife) does not grant access to Bachelor or Integrated study programmes at Vilnius University. Ghana Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: West African Senior School Certificate (WAEC) issued by the West African Examination Council (At least 6 subjects must be passed with the result C6 or higher. Mathematics, English language and Social studies/ Integrated science subjects must be evaluated no less than C6). Result Checker Card's serial number and pin code for us to be able to check your examination results online at https://ghana.waecdirect.org/ Documents attesting post-secondary education of at least one academic year (Polytechnic/ University/ Institute). Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania by Applicant's previous university in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office ( admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma. Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office ( admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Higher National Diploma and Degrees classified as Third Class Honours do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. Greece Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete Secondary Education ( Απολυτηριο Γενικου Λυκειου ( Apolytirio Genikou Lykeiou )). Official results of the state examination for admission (Pan-hellenic exams), listed in the certificate of access to higher education ( Βεβαιωση Προσβασησ ( Vevaiosi Prosvasis )). ! When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University might apply a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Πτυχίο ( Ptychio )). Diploma Supplement. India Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Secondary School Examination Certificate (Standard X) with mark sheet. Apostilled Senior Secondary Examination Certificate (Standard XII) with mark sheet. ! Only applicants with a final course grade higher than 50% qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Apostilled Bachelor Diploma or Provisional Certificate awarded by the University and not the College. Apostilled Consolidated Mark Sheet/ Transcript of Records (may be awarded by the College). Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science (Except for Bachelor of Science (Honours)) do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. These qualifications focus on general education and are not research oriented. Bachelor of Commerce, Bachelor of Business Administration (3 year duration programmes) and Bachelor of Computer Applications do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. These qualifications focus on professional training and are not research oriented. Israel Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Completion of Secondary School Studies ( Te'udat bagrut (תעודת בגרות ). Results of the final state examination. At least 7 subjects passed with a total of at least 20 units including at least one subject of 5 units. Results of the Psychometric Entrance Test (PET). When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University might apply a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma. Diploma Supplement. Iran Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Completion of Secondary Education ( Motevasteh ) Transcript of Results. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Karshenasi) . Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Ireland Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Leaving Certificate ( Provisional Certificates are accepted only for current graduates) Applicants must have passed examinations in a minimum of six subjects: Two subjects must have a grade of D1 or higher at Higher level, and the remaining subjects require at least D3 at Ordinary level or E at Higher level (for qualifications awarded before 2017 ); Two subjects must have a grade of 5 or higher at Higher level, and the remaining subjects require at least 6 at Ordinary level or 7 at Higher level (for qualifications awarded after 2017 ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bachelor (Honours) ). Diploma Supplement. Italy Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Diploma ( Diploma di superamento dell'Esame di Stato ). Results of the state examinations ( Certifica Esame di Stato Conclusivo ). A transcript of accumulated competences and skills ( Curriculum dello Studente ). A document with marks obtained at the end of the last year of schooling (issued by the school) ( Pagella Scolastica ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Laurea ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Japan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: High School Certificate of Graduation ( 高等学校 卒業証明書, kōtōgakkō sotsugyōshōmeisho ). Transcript of results. An official academic transcript must be sent to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania by the School in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office ( admissions@cr.vu.lt ) from the official institutional email address. Results of the state examination for admission to higher education institutions (大学入学共通テスト daigaku nyūgaku kyōtsū tesuto ) (if any). Kazakhstan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Completed Secondary Education ( Аттeстат жалпы орта білім туралы ). Appendix ( Жалпы орта білім туралыаттeстатка косымша ) . Results of the Unified National Testing ( Ұлттық бірыңғай тестілеу Сертификат ) or Results of Complex Testing ( Кешенді тестілеу Сертификат ). ! When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University applies a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor ( Бакалавр ) Diploma. Diploma Supplement / Academic Transcript. Kyrgyzstan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Completed Secondary Education ( Жалпы орто билим женунде аттестат or аттестат о среднем (полном) образовании ). Appendix ( жетишкен бааларынын жыйынтык ). Results of the National Test ( Жалпы республикалык тестирлөө/Общее тестирование ) organized by Центр оценки в образовании и методов обучения . ! When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University applies a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor ( Бакалавр ) Diploma. Diploma Supplement / Academic Transcript. Latvia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of General Secondary Education ( Atestāts par vispārējo vidējo izglītību ). Report card ( Sekmju izraksts ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bakalaura diploms ). Diploma Supplement. Lebanon Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Baccalauréat ). Transcript of Results. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Licence ). Diploma Supplement. Moldova Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Diplomǎ de Bacalaureat ). Transcript of Results. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Diplomă de Licenţă ). Diploma Supplement. Mongolia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Бүрэн дунд боловсролын үнэмлэх ). Transcript of Results ( Дүнгийн жагсаалт ). University Entrance Examination Results ( Элсэлтийн ерөнхий шалгалт - ЭЕШ ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Бакалаврын диплом ). Diploma Supplement / Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Morocco Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Attestation du Baccalauréa t). Transcript of Results ( Relevé de Notes du Baccalauréat ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Licence d'Études Fondamentales ) Official Academic Transcript ( Relevé de Notes) . Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. ! Licence Professionnelle qualification does not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. Namibia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Namibia Senior Secondary Certificate. Statement of Results. At least 6 subjects must be passed with a total of at least 25 points. One of the subjects must be English. The official statement of the Namibia Senior Secondary Certificate posted directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) by the Directorate of National Examinations and Assesment in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor (Honours) Diploma. Diploma Supplement. ! Only the applicants who have obtained the NQF Level 8 Bachelor degree qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Nepal Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Original Higher Secondary Examination Certificate attested by the National Examinations Board (NEB) and legalised by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Nepal. Original Higher Secondary Examination Academic Transcript attested by the National Examinations Board (NEB) and legalised by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Nepal. School Leaving Certificate Examination (Grade XI and XII). School Leaving Education Academic Transcript. ! Only applicants with the final GPA 3.2 or higher qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Please note that education documents issued in Nepal must be attested by the National Examinations Board (NEB) and legalised by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Nepal. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma. Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. ! Bachelor 3 years duration programmes do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. ! Certain study programmes require candidates to pass the OMPT exam with an evaluation of no less than 55 per cent. Netherlands Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) ). Transcript of results ( Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs cijferlijst ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor ( Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (WO) ) Diploma. Diploma Supplement. ! Hoger Beroepsonderwijs (HBO) qualifications awarded by universities of applied sciences ( Hogescholen ) are recognized as Professional Bachelor's degrees. They do not provide access to English-taught Master's programmes and restrict admission to most Lithuanian-taught Master's programmes. Nigeria Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: West African Senior School Certificate (WAEC) issued by the West African Examination Council or Senior School Certificate (NECO) issued by the National Examination Council. At least 5 subjects must be passed with the result C6 or higher. Both Mathematics and English language must be evaluated no less than C6 . Scratch Card serial number and pin code for us to be able to check your examination results online. Your results have to be available at www.waecdirect.org , www.neconigeria.org or www.mynecoresults.com Documents attesting post-secondary education of at least one academic year (Polytechnic/ University/ Institute). Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma. Official Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. ! Ordinary National Diploma, Higher National Diploma, and Degrees classified as Third Class Honours do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. North Macedonia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Diploma of completed state matura exam ( Диплома за положена државна матура ). Official diploma (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Диплома за завршен прв циклус на студии ) Diploma Supplement / Academic Transcript. Official academic transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Norway Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Vitnemål for videregående opplæring ). Transcript of Results. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma. Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Pakistan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Higher Secondary School Examination Certificate. Higher Secondary School Examination Certificate Statement of Marks. Secondary School Examination Certificate. Secondary School Examination Certificate Statement of Marks. ! Only applicants who attained 75 % or higher total marks qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Please note that all education documents must be attested by the Interboard Committee of Chairman (IBCC) and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma. Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. ! Only applicants with a final CGPA 3.00 (or 75 % of overall study results) or higher qualify for university studies at Vilnius University. Please note that all education documents issued in Pakistan must be attested by the Higher Education Commission (HEC) and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA). Certain study programmes require candidates to pass the OMPT exam with an evaluation of no less than 55 %. Peru Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Certificado Oficial de Estudios ) Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bachiller ). Academic Transcript ( Certificado de Estudios ). Philippines Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Katibayan/Diploma ). Transcript of Results. Poland Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Maturity ( Świadectwo Dojrzałości ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor ( Licencjat ) Diploma. Diploma Supplement. ! Inżynier qualification awarded by higher vocational schools ( wyższa szkoła zawodowa ) are recognized as Professional Bachelor's degrees. They do not provide access to English-taught Master's programmes and restrict admission to most Lithuanian-taught Master's programmes. Russia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete Secondary Education ( Аттестат о среднем (полном) образовании ). Appendix to the attestat. Results of Unified State Examination issued by the school ( Свидетельство о результатах единого государственного экзамена (ЕГЭ) ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Бакалавр ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. A document confirming the accreditation of both university and the study programme ( лицензия ). Slovenia Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete Secondary Education ( Splošna Matura/Spričevalo o splošni maturi ) with grades. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor diploma ( Diplomirani (UN)). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. South Korea Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: High School Certificate ( 고등학교 졸업장, Godeung Hakgyo Jolupjang ). Academic Transcript issued in English and sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania by the school in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Results of the Korean College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT, 대학수학능력시험 Daehak Suhak Neungluk Siheom ). ! When the CSAT is not taken or passed, the University might apply a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected programme. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor ( 학사 Haksa ) Diploma. Diploma Supplement / Academic Transcript. An Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Spain Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete Secondary Education ( Título de Bachiller ). Result of National Examination ( Evaluación de Bachillerato para el Acceso a la Universidad (EBAU)/Prueba de Acceso a la Universidad (PAU) ). Academic Certificate ( Historial Académico de Bachillerato/Certificación official ). ! The Título de Bachiller without a passed Evaluación de Bachillerato para el Acceso a la Universidad (EBAU) does not grant access to Bachelor's degree programmes at Vilnius University. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Título de Graduado ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Sri Lanka Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: General Certificate of Education Ordinary Level (at least 6 exams passed). General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (at least 3 exams passed with the grade S or higher) with a score of at least 30% for the Common General Test. Official statements of General Certificates of Education (Ordinary Level and Advanced Level) posted directly to Vilnius University, Universiteto 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania by the Department of Examinations in a sealed and stamped envelope. Sweden Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: 1. Higher Education Preparatory Diploma ( Examensbevis ). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Kandidatexamen/ Konstnärlig kandidatexamen ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Tajikistan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Completed Secondary Education ( Шаходатнома дар бораи тахсилоти миёнаиумумй ). Appendix ( табели чамъбасти бахохои азхудкунй ). Official results of the centralized examination for admission to higher education institutions in Tajikistan organised by National Testing Centre ( Маркази миллии тестӣ ). ! When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University applies a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor ( Бакалавр ) Diploma. Diploma Supplement / Academic Transcript. Türkiye Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: High School Diploma ( Lise Diplomasi ). Academic transcript indicating results of the last 4 years of secondary education. Results of taken YKS or documents attesting post-secondary education of at least one year at a higher education institution. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Lisans Diplomasi ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Turkmenistan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Secondary Education ( Şahadatnama orta blim hakynda ). ! When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University applies a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bakalawr ) or Specialist Diploma ( Yokary bilim hakynda sahadatnama ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. Ukraine Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of Complete General Secondary Education ( Cвідоцтвo про здобуття повної загальної середньої освіти ). Appendix to the certificate ( Додаток до cвідоцтва ). Results of taken ЗНО/NMT examination ( зовнішнє незалежне оцінювання/національний мультипредметний тест ) or documents attesting post-secondary education of at least one year at a higher education institution. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Бакалавр/ Спецiалiст ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. United Kingdom Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level (A Level)) issued by a recognized examination board (AQA, Cambridge Assessment of International Education, Pearson Edexcel GCE). ! Qualification awarded after completion of 2 years Advanced Level programme. At least 2 Advanced Level exams must be passed in order to apply to Vilnius University (the minimum acceptable grade is D). Or Scottish Qualifications Certificate with at least 4 passed Scottish Highers/ Scottish Advanced Highers exams (SCOTLAND). Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bachelor (Honours )). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. ! Degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours", "Ordinary" or "Pass" do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. United States Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: High School Diploma. Transcript of results. An official academic transcript must be sent by a school to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. SAT, ACT, or AP examination results or documents attesting post-secondary education of at least one year at a higher education institution. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor Diploma ( Bachelor (Honours) ). Diploma Supplement/ Academic Transcript. An Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions, Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania in a sealed and stamped envelope. Uzbekistan Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Certificate of General Secondary Education ( Akademik litsey diplomi or Umumiy o'rta ta'lim to'g'risida shahodatnoma ). Official results of the centralized examination ( Kirish Imtakhoni ) for admission to higher education institutions in Uzbekistan organised by National Testing Centre or documents attesting post-secondary education of at least one year at a higher education institution. ! When the State entrance examinations are not taken or passed, the University applies a knowledge and ability test to determine the person's preparation to study in the selected program. Zimbabwe Applicants for Bachelor's degree programmes: Zimbabwe General Certificate of Education at Ordinary Level (At least 4 exams passed with the grade E or higher). Zimbabwe General Certificate of Education at Advanced level (At least 2 exams passed with the grade E or higher). The official statement of the General Certificate of Education (ordinary and advanced levels) posted directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) by Zimbabwe School Examinations Council in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. Applicants for Master's degree programmes: Bachelor (Honours) degree. Academic Transcript. Official Academic Transcript (certified true copy) must be sent directly to Vilnius University Office of International Admissions (Universiteto str. 3, LT-01513, Vilnius, Lithuania) in a sealed and stamped envelope. Digital copies are also acceptable during the admissions period and can be sent directly to Vilnius University's Admission Office (admissions@cr.vu.lt) from the official institutional email address. ! Higher National Diploma, National Certificate, National Diploma, and Degrees classified as Third Class Honours do not grant access to Master's level programmes at Vilnius University. Vilnius University About For Media Brand Departments Documents Foundation Alumni Book a venue Contacts Science For researchers Cooperation Scientific journals Library Educational Competence Center Students Admissions First-year students Scholarships Timetable eStudent Library Student Representation Help Center Contacts IT Help Privacy Policy Emergency Response Guide Vilnius University Address: 3 Universiteto St., LT-01513 Vilnius Phone: +370 5 268 7000 Email: infor@cr.vu.lt Institutional Code: 211950810 VAT Number: LT119508113 Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © 2026