Main VU website Vilnius University Bachelor's and integrated studies Master studies How to apply Life at VU Meet us Vilnius University Bachelor's and integrated studies Master studies How to apply Life at VU Meet us Main VU website Home / How to apply How to Apply How to apply On this page you will find all of the information to become a Vilnius University student. From choosing a study programme to arriving to Lithuania - here you will find everything you need. Apply now Choose your study programme Bachelor & Integrated studies Master studies Doctoral studies Application deadlines: How to apply: 1 2 3 4 1 Submit the required documents Gather and prepare all necessary documents to meet both general admission and programme-specific requirements. Detailed lists of required documents for each programme can be found in the programme description. 2 Pay the Application Fee and Submit Your Application Complete your application by submitting it online and paying a non-refundable application fee of EUR 100. You can apply for up to 3 study programmes in one application. 3 Wait For Application review Your application will undergo a thorough review process, during which your educational documents will be assessed for academic recognition. The International Admissions Office may verify the authenticity of your documents and contact relevant authorities for further information. You will receive the final admission results within 30 working days after submitting a complete application. 4 Confirm your offer and pay the tuition fees Upon receiving an offer to study, confirm your acceptance within 7 working days, and ensure the first-year tuition fees are paid within 15 calendar days of receiving your pre-acceptance letter. Ready to study at Vilnius University? Ready to become a student of Vilnius University? Apply now! Arrange your arrival: Visa & Residence Permit All international students must apply for a visa, residence permit or certificate of temporary residence in the Republic of Lithuania, depending on their citizenship and the length of their studies at Vilnius University. Learn more Accommodation A comfortable and convenient living environment is essential for a good student life. Find a variety of options for living in Vilnius, Šiauliai and Kaunas Find the right option (find your home sweet home). See your options Finance Your Studies Various scholarships and financing opportunities are provided for Vilnius University students. Find out Living in Lithuania Find yourself in a safe and vibrant environment in one of the cities whit Vilnius University faculties. Enjoy a student life full of things to do and learn. Learn more about life in Lithuania Receive First-hand Experience From Our Ambassadors! Why Vilnius University? I chose VU MF because of all the wonderful opportunities this university has to offer. The Integrated program itself is unique in comparison to all others. The professors are wonderful and are available to answer all your questions and concerns. The city of Vilnius is vibrant and welcoming with a growing number of people visiting and touring the area daily. Most importantly it is a safe environment, constantly thriving and booming. Whether you choose to do some studying in the national library during the daytime or just looking to enjoy the nightlife in Vilniaus gatve, all these experiences and more are worth exploring. Afoma Deborah Afobunor, USA (VU Faculty of Medicine, Medicine) Contact an Ambassador Want to get updates about admission? Get for our newsletter! Subscribe Contacts E-mail admissions@cr.vu.lt Phone +370 5 219 3277 For PhD studies drs@cr.vu.lt Quick links Faculties Vilnius University Foundation Sport and Health Centre Culture Centre Privacy policy Social networks Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn YouTube © 2026