Vilnius University University Research Admissions Students Employees Partners Vilnius University University Facts and History Structure International cooperation Vilnius University Foundation Documents Equal opportunities Research For researchers Knowledge and Technology Transfer Books Journals Admissions Apply to Bachelor's Studies Apply to Master's Studies Apply to Doctoral studies A Guide for Doctoral Students Submitting Your Application for Doctoral Studies For exchange and visiting students How to Apply Before arrival After arrival and during the semester The End of the Semester Visa and Residence Permit Students Starting studies Studying Completing studies Services for Students Finance Mentoring Academic Counseling Accommodation Career Guidance Exchange Opportunities Emotional Well-Being Studies and Disability Employees Partners Home / Studies / Bachelor's and integrated studies / Multilingualism and Digital Technologies Multilingualism and Digital Technologies N New Study Programme Multilingual proficiency and digital skills are key future competencies for international careers. This interdisciplinary program integrates the study of English and German languages and cultures with applied informatics. It prepares a new kind of humanities professional: multilingual, culturally aware, technologically skilled, and capable of creative problem-solving. Throughout your studies, you will learn to combine these skills, apply them flexibly in real-world contexts, and design digital solutions that are both technically effective and culturally appropriate for your target audience. Multilingualism and Digital Technologies N New Study Programme Multilingual proficiency and digital skills are key future competencies for international careers. This interdisciplinary program integrates the study of English and German languages and cultures with applied informatics. It prepares a new kind of humanities professional: multilingual, culturally aware, technologically skilled, and capable of creative problem-solving. Throughout your studies, you will learn to combine these skills, apply them flexibly in real-world contexts, and design digital solutions that are both technically effective and culturally appropriate for your target audience. Presentation Presentation Programme plan Programme plan You will begin with strong foundations and gradually progress to more complex subjects. You will refine your English to C1-C2 and start German from scratch, reaching B2 by the time you graduate. By comparing lexical, grammatical, and phonetic features of both languages, learning to switch fluently between them, and exploring links between English and German literatures and cultures, you will develop genuine multilingual competence. Interdisciplinary courses - from applied informatics to digital content creation, data management, and web technologies - will prepare you for a successful career. Programme structure Admission requirements Entry qualification High school / secondary education (or higher) N. B. for non-EU/EFTA applicants: the gap since your completed secondary degree should not exceed five years. If your qualification meets the requirements, you will receive an invitation for a motivational interview. The entry qualification documents are accepted in the following languages: English / Lithuanian. Often you can get a suitable transcript from your school. If this is not the case, you will need official translations along with verified copies of the original. Translation is considered to be official when it is bound together with the certified true copy of the original document and is confirmed by the translator's signature. Documents issued in English or Lithuanian must be certified true copies and do not require translation. Language requirements English The following language certificates are accepted for study programmes taught in English: IELTS Academic 6.5+, TOEFL iBT 81+, Cambridge English Exam 176+, Pearson PTE Academic 59+, LanguageCert IESOL B2, Duolingo English Test 120+, Password Skills Plus 6.5+ or another language proficiency certificate equivalent to B2 CEFR (Common European Framework of Reference for Languages). If your first language is English and/or if you have a university degree in English, you will be exempt from providing an English language test score. Proving your language skills Territorial requirements Applicants from Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan must submit OMPT-C (Online Mathematics Placement Test) Certificate (minimum passing grade - 55%). Admission steps 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Find your programme When choosing a study programme, consider whether the subjects match your interests and strengths, as this will keep you motivated. You should also think about career opportunities, costs, and whether the programme fits your long-term goals. Keep in mind that each applicant can choose up to three study programmes in one application, but you can only get admitted to one programme. Check the application dates For international applicants: 1 May | for applicants from non-EU/EFTA countries 1 July | for applicants who are citizens of EU/EFTA countries and for non-EU/EFTA applicants with a 90-day visa-free period that has not yet been exceeded. The academic year always begins on 1 September . Our International admissions have one intake per academic year. You can only submit your application during the application period. The application dates may differ if you are applying for a programme taught in Lithuanian or if you are eligible to apply for state-funded places. Check your eligibility and prepare the necessary documents In order to apply to Vilnius University, you must meet the general and programme-specific admission requirements, as well as the language proficiency requirements. In certain cases, specific territorial requirements may also apply. You can find all the specific requirements for this programme in the 'Admissions requirements' section. For applicants from non-EU and non-EFTA countries, the period between obtaining your most recent secondary or higher education qualification and submitting your application may not exceed 5 years. Pay the application fee and submit your application The application to the international bachelor's or integrated studies degree programmes must be submitted on apply.vu.lt The application fee is 100 EUR per application. The invoice is paid after adding the programmes to the application. Application fee payments are accepted only through the Flywire payment platform. An online application will be processed only after the application fee is collected and the application is submitted with all the required documents. All documents must be submitted before the application submission deadline; otherwise, the application is terminated. Please note: The application fee is non-refundable. Be sure to read the admission requirements and deadlines carefully before applying, as fees cannot be refunded if you are found ineligible or miss a deadline. Creat the application account Prepare the required documents Take the interview Candidates who meet the established criteria are invited to a motivational interview. The interview is organised to learn more about the applicant's motivation for choosing the programme. Confirm Your acceptance and pay the tuition fee Your application will be assessed within 30 calendar days from the date all required documents are submitted (this period may be extended in specific cases). Acceptance letters or rejection notifications will be sent via the online application system https://apply.vu.lt. Students are obliged to confirm if they accept the study offer within 7 working days . Students who are citizens of the European Union, the European Economic Area countries and of other foreign countries, admitted to non-state-funded places in the first year of first-cycle and second-cycle studies through the University's foreign student application system, must pay the annual tuition fee within 15 calendar days from the date of the offer to study. Description of the Procedure of Payment, Reimbursement, and Recovery of Tuition Fees at Vilnius University The information about the tuition fee refund policy After the student pays the tuition fee, he receives the final acceptance letter. Then our International Relations Office provides the necessary information related to obtaining a temporary residence permit in Lithuania and sends a mediation letter to the student by e-mail (for non-EU citizens). Arrange your arrival Things to consider: All international students have to apply for a visa, temporary residence permit or certificate of temporary residence in the Republic of Lithuania depending on their citizenship and the length of their studies at Vilnius University. If you require accommodation, you may apply for a dormitory via the application platform at apply.vu.lt. The task for accommodation appears after the tuition fee is paid and the final acceptance letter is received. More information about the start of your studies here. Visa & Residence Permit Arrange your accommodation Learning outcomes You will be able to understand the connections between philology and informatics and apply your knowledge to solve complex problems by generating original ideas and proposing innovative solutions. You will be able to communicate fluently in English (C1-C2) and German (B2) across a range of academic, professional, and intercultural contexts. You will be able to use modern IT and AI-based tools in the implementation of projects. You will be able to ensure effective localization and internationalization of digital content and contribute to software-related solutions, while identifying the cultural dimensions of technological systems. You will be able to work collaboratively in interdisciplinary and multilingual teams, mediate between different cultural and professional groups, and act ethically and responsibly. Financing Annual tuition fee for a state non-funded place 4 201 EUR Tuition fee Students who are citizens of the European Union, the European Economic Area countries and of other foreign countries, admitted to non-state-funded places in the first year of first-cycle and second-cycle studies through the University's foreign student application system, must pay the annual tuition fee within 15 calendar days from the date of the offer to study. After the student pays the tuition fee , he receives the final acceptance letter . Then our International Relations Office provides the necessary information related to obtaining a temporary residence permit in Lithuania and sends a mediation letter to the student by e-mail (for non-EU citizens). Learn more Application fee The application fee is €100 per application. Each applicant can choose up to three programmes within one application. Online applications will only be processed once the application fee has been paid. Please note that the application fee is non-refundable. Make sure you read the admission requirements and deadlines carefully before submitting your application, as the fee cannot be refunded if you are found to be ineligible or miss a deadline. Scholarships for Bachelor's Tuition Fee Waivers and Scholarships to Apply for Before Studies Presentation Programme plan Admission requirements Admission steps Learning outcomes Financing Presentation Career prospects The program prepares you for emerging roles in language technologies and natural language processing (NLP), multilingual digital communication and digital content creation. With strong communication skills in two major European languages and solid IT/AI literacy, you will be equipped to work in client communication, UX-oriented digital content production, data-driven cultural communication, project coordination or early-stage software-related roles. Your combined linguistic and technological expertise will also allow you to work in digital transformation, data analysis, multilingual web content creation and related areas - or to develop your own freelance digital services. What's next? Digital Communication Specialist / Language Technology Specialist / Digital Content Creator or Editor / Digital Transformation Specialist / Data and Content Analyst / Web Content Manager / Junior Software Developer / Project Coordinator / Project Manager / Localization and Internationalization Specialist Chat with VU students If you need more information or personalised advice, choose a VU Ambassador from your home country or the desired study programme and submit your question using the form below. You can expect to hear back from us within 2-3 working days. Contact us Full Name Email Address Your Question By submitting this form you agree to receive information from Vilnius University. Any data collected will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy Submit Vilnius University About For Media Brand Departments Documents Foundation Alumni Book a venue Contacts Science For researchers Cooperation Scientific journals Library Educational Competence Center Students Admissions First-year students Scholarships Timetable eStudent Library Student Representation Help Center Contacts IT Help Privacy Policy Emergency Response Guide Vilnius University Address: 3 Universiteto St., LT-01513 Vilnius Phone: +370 5 268 7000 Email: infor@cr.vu.lt Institutional Code: 211950810 VAT Number: LT119508113 Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © 2026