Vilnius University University Research Admissions Students Employees Partners Vilnius University University Facts and History Structure International cooperation Vilnius University Foundation Documents Equal opportunities Research For researchers Knowledge and Technology Transfer Books Journals Admissions Apply to Bachelor's Studies Apply to Master's Studies Apply to Doctoral studies A Guide for Doctoral Students Submitting Your Application for Doctoral Studies For exchange and visiting students How to Apply Before arrival After arrival and during the semester The End of the Semester Visa and Residence Permit Students Starting studies Studying Completing studies Services for Students Finance Mentoring Academic Counseling Accommodation Career Guidance Exchange Opportunities Emotional Well-Being Studies and Disability Employees Partners Home / Students / Services for Students / Finance Finance Student Finances at Vilnius University Find all essential information about student finances at Vilnius University, including tuition fees, payments, and financial support options. Apply before you start Funding Opportunities for International Students Explore scholarship and funding opportunities available for international Bachelor's and Master's applicants at Vilnius University. For applicants to Bachelor's programmes For applicants to Master's programmes State-funded studies State-funded studies at Vilnius University allow students to study without paying tuition fees if they are allocated a state-funded place. These places are granted based on competitive admission results. Students who lose their state-funded status or change study programmes may need to cover tuition costs themselves. For Bachelor's studies For Master's studies State-Supported Loans Students are granted the possibility to apply for State-Supported Loans that are issued through a selected bank for one academic year. Loans can be given in these cases: Loan to cover tuition fee . Maximum amount equals the yearly tuition fee of the study course you attend. This loan is paid directly to the account of an institution of higher education until July 1. Loan to cover living expenses . Maximum amount - € 4 400 per year. This loan is paid in equal monthly installments until July 1 to the borrower's personal account (for last year students until graduation); Loan for partial studies abroad . Maximum amount - € 3 300, to be paid all at once to the borrower's personal account The loan repayment period begins no later than 12 after graduation, or termination of studies and is repaid within no more than 15 years from the beginning of the repayment period. The applications and disbursements of the study loans are carried out by the State Studies Foundation. Please note that there are requirements that you must meet in order to be able to apply for the loan . More information Transfer to Sate-funded Places Students in places not funded by State may transfer to State-Funded places if: They are eligible for State-Funded places at Lithuanian higher education institutions (Citizens of the Republic of Lithuania or other member states of the European Union (EU), European Free Trade Association (EFTA) or the United Kingdom (UK), persons (non-EU/EFTA/UK) granted a right of permanent residence in the Republic of Lithuania, children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren of the Diaspora and people of Lithuanian origin); They comply with the criteria of good study performance; There is an available State-Funded place after a student at the same study same field of study, the same form and the same course is expelled from the University, or terminates the studies . In cases like this transfer is proceeded twice a year, during the first month of each semester; There is an available State-Funded place after a student in the same field of study, the same form and the same course loses their State-Funded place during rotation . In cases like this, State-Funded places are filled once a year, after the rotation - before 15 October. Information regarding available State-Funded places is announced by the Academic Core Unit on their website and on the eStudent environment. The transfer of students to and from State-Funded places is proceeded by each of the Academic Core Units following the temporary Description of the Procedure for the Rotation and Ranking of Vilnius University Students Based on their Learning Outcomes. More information regarding assessment and rotation could be found here Scholarships available during your studies Studies and individual needs VU strives to ensure equal opportunities for all students. Find out what kind of support and adapted environment awaits students with disabilities. Learn more Tuition Fees Your tuition fee depends on your chosen study programme and funding type. Learn more about payments, deadlines, and available support options. Learn more Documents Vilnius University Scholarship Regulations Got any questions? Name Email Address Your question Submit Vilnius University About For Media Brand Departments Documents Foundation Alumni Book a venue Contacts Science For researchers Cooperation Scientific journals Library Educational Competence Center Students Admissions First-year students Scholarships Timetable eStudent Library Student Representation Help Center Contacts IT Help Privacy Policy Emergency Response Guide Vilnius University Address: 3 Universiteto St., LT-01513 Vilnius Phone: +370 5 268 7000 Email: infor@cr.vu.lt Institutional Code: 211950810 VAT Number: LT119508113 Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © 2026