Vilnius University University Research Admissions Students Employees Partners Vilnius University University Facts and History Structure International cooperation Vilnius University Foundation Documents Equal opportunities Research For researchers Knowledge and Technology Transfer Books Journals Admissions Apply to Bachelor's Studies Apply to Master's Studies Apply to Doctoral studies A Guide for Doctoral Students Submitting Your Application for Doctoral Studies For exchange and visiting students How to Apply Before arrival After arrival and during the semester The End of the Semester Visa and Residence Permit Students Starting studies Studying Completing studies Services for Students Finance Mentoring Academic Counseling Accommodation Career Guidance Exchange Opportunities Emotional Well-Being Studies and Disability Employees Partners Home / Admissions / State-Funded Bachelor's Admission State-Funded Bachelor's Admission State-Funded Place or Studies in Lithuanian If you wish to apply for Bachelor's or Integrated studies conducted in the Lithuanian language, or apply for a state-funded study place for studies in English, you should apply via Lithuania's national joint admission. Learn more Check if you can apply for a state-funded place International students from outside Lithuania can be admitted to state-funded if they are: citizens/family members of the citizens of the Republic of Lithuania or other countries in the European Union (EU) and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA); non-EU/EFTA nationals or stateless persons holding a permanent Lithuanian residence permit; Lithuanians living abroad; foreigners and stateless persons who have the right to reside permanently or temporarily in the Republic of Lithuania, have completed secondary education in accordance with the Lithuanian secondary education program, and are studying in a short-cycle, first-cycle, or integrated study program. If the above criteria are not satisfied, foreign nationals and stateless persons may be admitted through a competitive admission process to study at their own expense. Can Ukrainian applicants apply for state-funded study places? Ukrainian applicants can apply for state-funded places only if they have completed their secondary education in Lithuania and apply through the LAMA BPO joint admission system. Applicants applying with Ukrainian secondary education qualifications are not eligible for state-funded places. Currently, Ukrainian applicants who apply via apply.vu.lt study on a non-state-funded basis and are required to cover the tuition costs themselves. Choose a degree programme to apply for Find the list of study programmes available for application through the LAMA BPO admission system. Important notes: When applying, you must prioritise your study choices . To be considered for admission, include at least one study programme with at least one type of funding. As the admission process is competitive, the order of your selected study programmes and funding options is crucial . Eligibility is assessed starting from your first listed choice. During admission, you will receive only one offer to study . Medicine and Dentistry programmes are state-funded only when conducted in Lithuanian. Applicants to these English-taught programmes should follow the non-EU/EFTA admission procedure . Programmes taught in Lithuanian Programmes taught in English Recognition of foreign qualifications If you have completed your secondary education outside Lithuania, you must contact the Centre for Quality Assessment in Higher Education (SKVC) for the academic recognition of your qualifications, as well as for grade conversion and evaluation of study subjects . Academic recognition is not required for: holders of the European Baccalaureate Diploma ; qualifications obtained in Latvia since 2019 ( Atestāts par vispārējo vidējo izglītību or Diploms par profesionālo vidējo izglītību ); qualifications obtained in Estonia since 2019 ( Gümnaasiumi lõputunnistus or Kutsekeskhariduse lõputunnistus ). Apply early to SKVC for recognition The recognition and grade conversion process may take time. Apply to SKVC as soon as possible after 25 May , when requests for conversion start being accepted. Please check the SKVC website for required documents and detailed instructions. Competitive score requirements All applicants must meet the competitive score requirements listed in the Lithuanian-language descriptions of each study programme . This applies both to applicants who studied in Lithuania and those with foreign qualifications. For foreign qualifications, SKVC determines the equivalents of required subjects during grade conversion. If you did not take the Lithuanian language exam , you must take the corresponding state national Lithuanian language test . Proficiency in Lithuanian or English For admission to study programmes held in Lithuanian To be admitted to study programmes conducted in Lithuanian, you must prove that your Lithuanian language proficiency meets the required level. Please contact the Department of Lithuanian Studies at the Faculty of Philology at Vilnius University in order to take a Lithuanian language entrance test. You will be exempt from providing proof of proficiency in Lithuanian language if you will have taken the State Lithuanian language exam or if you will have a proof of a reached B2 level from a competent institution. If you do not reach the required level of proficiency for admission, you may take one of the Lithuanian Language Courses for a semester or even a full academic year to improve your language skills. Lithuanian language entrance test Lithuanian Language Courses For admission to study programmes held in English If you have taken an international language test, you must upload proof of your results to the LAMA BPO system . To upload your certificate, log in to the LAMA BPO system, click "OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS AND CRITERIA", select "Completed courses, schools, etc.", and upload a copy of your certificate under "Passed an international foreign language (English, French, German) examination." Language proficiency details Preparing the documents for admission Application process Admission stages and key dates Admission to Bachelor's and Integrated studies is organised in three rounds: the main round and two additional rounds. Discover the key dates and admission steps. Key dates and deadlines 1 step - Create your application Create an application in the LAMA BPO admissions system when admissions begin. During the main admission stage , you can select up to 9 preferences (study programmes) when filling out the application, specifying the type of funding. In the additional admission stages , you can choose up to 6 preferences (study programmes) and specify the type of funding. All applicants can participate in this stage, but if you have already signed a study contract for a state-funded place (VF) / non-state-funded place with a study scholarship (VNF/SF) during the main stage, you can only choose non-state-funded places (VNF) during the additional stage. During the additional stages, applications are only submitted for the remaining places. 2 step - Register for the entrance examination An entry examination is required for admission to the Quantitative Economics (conducted in English) and Music Pedagogy (conducted in Lithuanian) study programmes. You must register for the entry examination through the LAMA BPO admission system when submitting your application, no later than 24 hours before the scheduled exam date . The exam time and location can be selected directly in the system. You would not be able to apply for admission to the corresponding programme in the case of failure in the entrance examination. Note: If you are unable to attend the entrance examination, please contact the Admissions Office immediately. Entrance exam dates 3 step - Submission of required documents Attach the required admission documents to your application in the LAMA BPO admission system . Information about the required documents is provided above. While making the application for studies but no later than 24 hours before the scheduled date of examination. 4 step - Acceptance letter and registration fee Acceptance letters will be sent to applicants' emails and available on the LAMA BPO admission system . A registration fee of 50 EUR must be paid to conclude your learning agreement. You can pay the registration fee in one of the following ways: by paying through the VU information system , where the agreement is concluded; by making a local bank transfer using the details provided in the link . Please note that the registration fee is non-refundable . If you have already paid the registration fee during a previous admission round, you do not need to pay it again - the system will automatically recognise your payment. Registration fee 5 step - Complete your Learning Agreement The study agreement must be signed by the stated deadline , or the offer of admission will no longer be valid. The agreement is signed by logging in to the Vilnius University Online Enrollment Service System (VU ISAS) using your LAMA BPO registration number (available in the SUMMARY section of the LAMA BPO system) and your personal identification number (for non-LR citizens - personal document number). The study agreement can be concluded in any of the following ways: 1) By using personal online banking services (Swedbank, SEB, Artea (Šiaulių bankas), or Luminor (DNB bank)) for identity verification. 2) If you do not have access to the online banking services listed above, you can complete identity verification in VU ISAS . Identity verification is carried out after you upload a scanned or photographed copy of your personal identity document (passport or ID card). You will be notified by email once your identity has been successfully verified. The following documents may be required for identity verification: a certificate of name change , if the surname in the LAMA BPO system does not match the one in your identity document; parental consent (free form), if the study agreement is concluded by a minor; an authorisation , if the agreement is concluded by an authorised representative. The guide to concluding a contract via bank Study Agreement Conclusion via VU ISAS Do I need to terminate my previous study agreement if I receive an offer in the additional admission round? Yes. If you signed a study agreement during a previous admission stage and decide to accept an offer received in the additional round, you must first terminate your existing study agreement. To do so, email a scanned or photographed copy of the signed request for termination (handwritten signature required) along with a copy of your personal identification document (passport or ID card) to konsultavimas@vu.lt . You will be notified by email once the termination is complete. What should I do if I decide not to study? In this case, you must terminate your signed study agreement before September 1st. To do so, email a scanned or photographed copy of the signed request for termination (handwritten signature required) along with a copy of your personal identification document (passport or ID card) to konsultavimas@vu.lt . You will be notified by email once the termination is complete. Arrival matters Chat with VU students If you need more information or personalised advice, choose a VU Ambassador from your home country or the desired study programme and submit your question using the form below. You can expect to hear back from us within 2-3 working days Contact our Ambassadors Contacts Vilnius University About For Media Brand Departments Documents Foundation Alumni Book a venue Contacts Science For researchers Cooperation Scientific journals Library Educational Competence Center Students Admissions First-year students Scholarships Timetable eStudent Library Student Representation Help Center Contacts IT Help Privacy Policy Emergency Response Guide Vilnius University Address: 3 Universiteto St., LT-01513 Vilnius Phone: +370 5 268 7000 Email: infor@cr.vu.lt Institutional Code: 211950810 VAT Number: LT119508113 Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © 2026