Main VU website Vilnius University Bachelor's and integrated studies Master studies How to apply Life at VU Meet us Vilnius University Bachelor's and integrated studies Master studies How to apply Life at VU Meet us Main VU website Home / All News / Study Without Financial Burden: Vilnius University Offers a Variety of Funding Opportunities 25 March 2026 Study Without Financial Burden: Vilnius University Offers a Variety of Funding Opportunities For students Lara Su Yaman. Photo by Vilnius University Dreaming of studying at Vilnius University (VU) but concerned about your finances? VU offers a wide range of funding opportunities for both Bachelor's and Master's students, providing support not only at the application stage but throughout the academic journey. Lara Su Yaman, a Master's student in English Studies (Literature, Linguistics, Culture) at VU, says that receiving a Full Tuition Fee Waiver, which covers the cost of her programme for the entire duration of her studies, is one of the most significant opportunities Vilnius University offers students from outside Europe, allowing them to study abroad with reduced financial pressure. 'Thanks to the fee waiver I received, I feel more financially secure and more determined to succeed in my studies,' she adds. The Tuition Fee Waiver , such as the one Lara received, is available to highly motivated and academically outstanding international students applying for full-time Master programmes. Exemptions from tuition fees are available to non-EU and non-EEA applicants enrolling in programmes taught in English or Russian. The waiver fully covers tuition fees, removing a significant financial burden. In total, the five strongest candidates are awarded exemptions from tuition fees. The Institute of International Relations and Political Science also offers tuition fee waivers . These are available to highly driven and capable international students from outside the EU and EEA applying for the Bachelor programme Politics of Global Challenges . Similar waivers are offered to applicants for the Master programme Eastern European and Russian Studies , covering the full tuition fee. For international applicants to Master programmes, Vilnius University also offers the Lithuanian State Grants and Scholarships . This funding opportunity includes a monthly scholarship and/or a grant covering the standard cost of studies for full-time Master's students. It is available to eligible applicants from Armenia, Australia, Azerbaijan, China (including the People's Republic of China and Taiwan), Georgia, Israel, Japan, Kazakhstan, Moldova, New Zealand, South Korea, Ukraine, the United States of America, and Uzbekistan, as well as foreign nationals of Lithuanian origin from non-EU and non-EFTA countries. The scholarship provides a monthly allowance of €560 and may also include the standard cost of studies. In total, 70 grants are awarded, including 20 allocated to students from Ukraine and five reserved for foreign nationals of Lithuanian origin. For Ukranian applicants, the University offers the Grand Duchy of Lithuania Scholarship. This scholarship is awarded to the top 25 applicants from Ukraine on the basis of their academic achievements. It is granted for the first ten months of study, providing a monthly allowance of €300. In addition, the Faculty of Economics and Business Administration offers Ukrainian students a 50% reduction in tuition fees for the entire duration of their studies, provided that strong academic performance is maintained. The Faculty of Economics and Business Administration provides an Admission Scholarship for the most talented international students in the first year of Bachelor or Master studies. This scholarship aims to recognise and encourage academic excellence and motivation. Each scholarship is worth €1,000, with a total of 30 awards available. At the Faculty of Law, those applying to the Master programme International and European Law may apply for a Special Scholarship . This is available to citizens of Albania, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Moldova, North Macedonia, Ukraine, and Kazakhstan. The scholarship covers either half or all of the tuition fee. Even after enrolment, VU continues to support students through nine scholarship schemes, ranging from the Incentive Scholarship for high-achievers to the Social Scholarship for those facing social or economic challenges, helping to ensure equal opportunities for all students to continue their studies successfully. Further information about available scholarships can be found here . Contacts E-mail admissions@cr.vu.lt Phone +370 5 219 3277 For PhD studies drs@cr.vu.lt Quick links Faculties Vilnius University Foundation Sport and Health Centre Culture Centre Privacy policy Social networks Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn YouTube © 2026