Springe direkt zu Inhalt Freie Universität Berlin Freie Universität Berlin Service Navigation Homepage Contact Legal Notice Data Protection Policy Emergencies Accessibility Statement EN DE: Deutsch EN: English Quicklinks Information for Employees Prospective Students Refugees Students and Doctorate Researchers Alumni and Supporters Teachers Journalists Continuing Education Search terms Information about data transfer when using Google Search™ Education Menu Our Degree Programs loading... How to Apply loading... Studying Here loading... Career Prospects loading... International loading... Guidance & Services loading... Path Navigation Homepage Education How to Apply Bachelor's Degrees and State Exam Law Application with Non-German University Entrance Qualification Application with Non-German University Entrance Qualification Please note: Applicants to Freie Universität Berlin must now submit a preliminary review documentation (VPD) . You can find updated information on the new procedure right here. General information on VPD (preliminary review documentation) can be found at uni-assist . Please apply for the VPD as early as possible, as processing by uni-assist can take up to 8 weeks. This applies in particular to the period up to 8 weeks BEFORE the application deadline on July 15 (for undergraduate programs with limited admission) or BEFORE September 1 ( for undergraduate programs with unrestricted admission ). The VPD is valid for one year, allowing you to prepare early for the following year. In general, prospective students with a foreign university entrance qualification must apply for a VPD (Vorprüfungsdokumentation, preliminary review documentation) at uni-assist and then use this document to apply for a undergraduate program at Freie Universität Berlin within the application deadlines using the FU application portal. Freie Universität Berlin only accepts applications , that are received via the application portal of Freie Universität Berlin and contain a valid VPD which is issued for Freie Universität Berlin . Please find further information about the VPD in our FAQ . Exceptions Check the FAQ to see who is exempt from the VPD requirement. Application procedure 1. Submit an online application for the VPD at uni-assist (available year-round) When? The VPD can be applied for throughout the year. Please note the processing times at uni-assist. It is your responsibility to apply for the VPD in good time! Please select "Freie Universität Berlin" as your university and your desired degree (alle Fächer - grundständige Studiengänge) The VPD can be applied for throughout the year. If Freie Universität Berlin does not initially appear when you search the uni-assist portal, delete the information in "Semester" and repeat the search without specifying a semester. Note for preparatory courses ( Studienkolleg ): Even if you already know that you must attend a preparatory course before beginning your degree program, please apply for a VPD for the undergraduate program. Uni-assist usually needs four to six weeks to process the VPD application, and even longer during peak periods. We therefore strongly recommend that you submit your VPD application to uni-assist as early as possible and, if necessary, well before the application deadlines of Freie Universität Berlin, as otherwise you may not be informed in time about missing documents and may not be able to submit your application to Freie Universität Berlin by the deadline. The decisive factor for meeting the application deadline is the complete receipt of your application documents, including the VPD, in the application portal of Freie Universität Berlin, not the date on which the VPD was created or applied for at uni-assist. A fee is charged for the VPD through uni-assist. Your application for a VPD will only be processed by uni-assist after the fee has been received by uni-assist. Fill out the online application carefully and attach all required documents (see table below). Please also note the information on specific countries provided by uni-assist. Relevant documents for applying for the VPD at uni-assist: For the VPD application, uni-assist requires the following documents from all applicants: all school leaving and university certificates which are part of your university entrance qualification official translations of all certificates if issued in any language other than English or German issued either by a sworn translator or by an institution authorized to provide translations for official purposes For the VPD application, uni-assist requires the following document if you belong to the specified applicant group: APS certificate Applicants with certificates from China, India or Vietnam generally have to submit a certification from an Academic Evaluation Centre (Akademische Prüfstelle - APS) in addition to the required documents. Academic Evaluation Centres are service institutions of the Cultural Affairs Section of the German Embassies in cooperation with the German Academic Exchange Service (Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (DAAD). Please refer to the websites of the respective Academic Evaluation Centers for further information. If necessary, uni-assist may request additional documents from you in order to issue the VPD. Further information on the VPD procedure can be found here . 2. Create an application account in the FU Berlin application portal When? Within the application deadlines of Freie Universität Berlin First, you must sign up in order to complete the online applications for Freie Universität Berlin. The personal data you provide during sign-up will be transferred to the online applications. If you want to apply for a degree program that participates in the Dialogue-Oriented Service Procedure (DoSV) , you need to register at the Hochschulstart website first. During registration, you enter your personal data and create a user account. You will then receive an applicant ID (BID) and an applicant authentication number (BAN), which you need to fill out the online application in the application portal of Freie Universität Berlin. 3. Upload the application documents in the Application portal of Freie Universität Berlin When? Within the application deadlines of Freie Universität Berlin Once you have logged into the Application portal of Freie Uniersität Berlin , you can create an application within the application period in the via the "Start Application" button and submit it online via the "Submit" button. Upload all required documents to the application portal of Freie Universität Berlin, including your VPD, which you received from uni-assist. Relevant documents for the application in the application portal of Freie Universität Berlin: The following document is required when applying via the Freie Universität Berlin application portal: valid VPD from uni-assist the VPD must be issued for Freie Universität Berlin. the VPD is valid for one year all school leaving and university certificates which are part of your university entrance qualification official translations of all certificates if issued in any language other than English or German issued either by a sworn translator or by an institution authorized to provide translations for official purposes The following documents are also required when applying via the Freie Universität Berlin application portal if you belong to one of the applicant groups listed: APS certificate for applicants with certificates from China, India or Vietnam In addition to the certificates to be submitted, certification from an Academic Evaluation Centre (Akademische Prüfstelle - APS) generally must also be provided. Academic Evaluation Centres are service institutions of the Cultural Affairs Section of the German Embassies in cooperation with the German Academic Exchange Service (Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (DAAD). Please refer to the websites of the respective Academic Evaluation Centers for further information. sufficient knowledge of German depending on the requested study course required proof applications for a second course of study the degree certificate of your first degree program with overall grade, if you have already completed a degree program in an EU/EEA member state a short written statement justifying your decision to pursue a second course of study in relation to all components of the desired degree program application for teaching degrees with Berlin Senate recognition / adaptation course notification of recognition of teacher qualification by the Senate Department for Education, Youth, and Family consultation protocol of the DSE (Dahlem School of Education) , which you will receive when you visit the office hours of the DSE application for the higher semester current certificate of enrollment with indication of course of study and semester of study selection of a degree program with special foreign language requirements appropriate foreign language skills have to be submitted for enrollment The following documents are also required when applying via the Freie Universität Berlin application portal if you belong to the specified applicant groups and are a German citizen or a citizen of an EU member state as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway: applicants submitting a special request (application for immediate admission (due to personal hardships), application for improvement of average grade, application for reduce the waiting period) a completed special applications form supporting documents preferential admission your service certificate or official proof of your period of service your earlier notice of admission at FU Berlin applicants belonging to an Olympiakader, Perspektivkader, Ergänzungskader, Nachwuchskader 1, Nachwuchskader 2 or Paralympicskader squad, built on federal level, belonging to a federal association of the DOSB and catered by an Olympic Training Center (OSP) in Berlin or Brandenburg current proof of squad-membership issued by the professional association (Fachverband) online application in the context of the quota for underage applicants - If you are a minor at the time of the application deadline ( 15.01./15.07. ) living in Berlin or Brandenburg with a person who has custody of you In case of admission, you have to submit a registration certificate proving the afore-stated for enrollment . Therefore, we recommend that you apply for the registration certificate immediately after submitting your application. Deadlines for Applying, Registering, and Enrolling for the upcoming semester Image Credit: Freepik Links & Downloads Placement in higher semesters within your subject Exchange of study placements Numerus Clausus - undergraduate degree programs Studienkolleg Zulassungsordnung (only in German) Higher Education Compass Admissions Office DAAD admission requirements Peer Mentoring for international students Selection criteria for the "internal selection process" segment - Auswahlverfahren der Hochschule (AdH) (pdf-file, partly in German) Von der Schule an die Freie Universität Berlin 2026 (pdf-Datei) Application with a foreign university entrance qualification Information for Employees Prospective Students Refugees Students and Doctorate Children and Teachers Alumni and Supporters Journalists Continuing Education Service Navigation Homepage Contact Legal Notice Data Protection Policy Emergencies Accessibility Statement Social Media Instagram LinkedIn Mastodon Bluesky Youtube Facebook Information about Using Social Media This Page Print Subscribe RSS-Feed Feedback Deutsch The Latin words veritas, iustitia, and libertas, which frame the seal of Freie Universität Berlin, stand for the values that have defined the academic ethos of Freie Universität since its founding in December 1948.