Springe direkt zu Inhalt Freie Universität Berlin Freie Universität Berlin Service Navigation Homepage Contact Legal Notice Data Protection Policy Emergencies Accessibility Statement EN DE: Deutsch EN: English Quicklinks Information for Employees Prospective Students Refugees Students and Doctorate Researchers Alumni and Supporters Teachers Journalists Continuing Education Search terms Information about data transfer when using Google Search™ Education Menu Our Degree Programs loading... How to Apply loading... Studying Here loading... Career Prospects loading... International loading... Guidance & Services loading... Path Navigation Homepage Education Studying Here Organizing Your Studies Fees and dues Fees and dues Freie Universität Berlin does not charge any tuition fees (except for continuing education programs), rather so-called "Semestergebühren und -beiträge" (fees and dues). The legal basis for charging these fees and contributions may be viewed here . Expand all Collapse all Fees for new enrollments for winter semester 2026/27 A total of €376,80 is payable for registration for the winter semester 2026/27: contribution to the Studierendenwerk / student union (social contribution, or Sozialbeitrag): €85,00 administration fee: €50,00 contribution to student government (Studierendenschaft/ASTA) : €10,00 contribution for the semesterticket for public transportation for eligible students: €226,80 social fund: €5,00 total: €376,80 In some cases, the payment partner needs information about the address of the university's main bank in order to process payments from foreign countries. The main branch of the DEUTSCHE BANK PGK AG is located at: Unter den Linden 13 - 15, 10117 Berlin. Note: For transfers from (non-EU) countries, additional bank charges may apply, which must be borne by the applicant. Please select the OUR option (you pay all transfer fees) when making transfers. This is the only way that the full semester contribution will go to Freie Universitaet's account. Otherwise, the enrollment will be delayed because the missing amount has to be reclaimed. In addition, when you transfer the missing amount, you still have to pay the additional transfer fees. Enrollment will only take place once the corresponding amount has been received in full on the account of Freie Universität Berlin and once all other requirements have been met. Fees for reregistrations for winter semester 2026/27 The exact due for your reregistration can be found in the self-service portal . Please transfer the exact amount shown in the self-service portal. contribution to the Studierendenwerk / student union (social contribution, or Sozialbeitrag): €85,00 administration fee: €50,00 contribution to student government (Studierendenschaft/ASTA) : €10,00 contribution for the semesterticket for public transportation for eligible students: €226,80 social fund: €5,00 total: €376,80 A late fee of currently 19.94€ will be charged additionally if the payment deadline for the reregistration has been exceeded. If this is the case, the late fee is already included in the open amount displayed to you in the self-service portal. In some cases, the payment partner needs information about the address of the university's main bank in order to process payments from foreign countries. The main branch of the DEUTSCHE BANK PGK AG is located at: Unter den Linden 13 - 15, 10117 Berlin. Note: For transfers from (non-EU) countries, additional bank charges may apply, which must be borne by the student. Please select the OUR option (you pay all transfer fees) when making transfers. This is the only way that the full semester contribution will go to Freie Universitaet's account. Otherwise, the enrollment will be delayed because the missing amount has to be reclaimed. In addition, when you transfer the missing amount, you still have to pay the additional transfer fees. Fees for reregistrations for summer semester 2026 The amount due for your reregistration can be found in the self-service portal . Please transfer the exact amount shown in the self-service portal. Freie Universität Berlin charges the following fees and contributions: Amount administration fee 50,00€ Contribution to the Studierendenwerk / student union (social contribution, or Sozialbeitrag) 85,00€ Contribution to student government (Studierendenschaft) 10,00€ Contribution for the Deutschlandssemesterticket (including social fund) for eligible students 213,80€ Total 358,80€ A late fee of currently 19.94€ will be charged additionally if the payment deadline for the reregistration has been exceeded. If this is the case, the late fee is already included in the open amount displayed to you in the self-service portal. In some cases, the payment partner needs information about the address of the university's main bank in order to process payments from foreign countries. The main branch of the DEUTSCHE BANK PGK AG is located at: Unter den Linden 13 - 15, 10117 Berlin. Note: For transfers from (non-EU) countries, additional bank charges may apply, which must be borne by the student. Please select the OUR option (you pay all transfer fees) when making transfers. This is the only way that the full semester contribution will go to Freie Universitaet's account. Otherwise, the enrollment will be delayed because the missing amount has to be reclaimed. In addition, when you transfer the missing amount, you still have to pay the additional transfer fees. Fees for new enrollments for summer semester 2026 For the new enrollment for the summer semester 2026 are to be paid: Fee type Amount Administration fee 50,00€ Contribution to the Studierendenwerk / student union (social contribution, or Sozialbeitrag) 85,00€ Contribution to student government ( Studierendenschaft ) 10,00€ Contribution for the Deutschlandssemesterticket (including social fund) for eligible students 213,80€ Total 358,80€ In some cases, the payment partner needs information about the address of the university's main bank in order to process payments from foreign countries. The main branch of the DEUTSCHE BANK PGK AG is located at: Unter den Linden 13 - 15, 10117 Berlin. Note: For transfers from (non-EU) countries, additional bank charges may apply, which must be borne by the applicant. Please select the OUR option (you pay all transfer fees) when making transfers. This is the only way that the full semester contribution will go to Freie Universitaet's account. Otherwise, the enrollment will be delayed because the missing amount has to be reclaimed. In addition, when you transfer the missing amount, you still have to pay the additional transfer fees. Enrollment will only take place once the corresponding amount has been received in full on the account of Freie Universität Berlin and once all other requirements have been met. Exemption from the semester ticket for public transportation Students with a valid disability card and eligibility for free public transport are exempt from payment for the semester ticket for public transportation. Informal applications for exemptions may be submitted to the Student Administration Office (preferred by email) and should include relevant proof (copies). Thereafter, the fees and dues are reduced by the amount due for the semesterticket. Information on exemption from the semester ticket for public transportation for other reasons can be found on the website of the semester ticket office . Additional fees for duplicates Additional fees may apply for duplicates (i.e., new student ID "Campuscard" or other certificates issued by the Student Administration Office). Note: For transfers from (non-EU) countries, additional bank charges may apply, which must be borne by the student. Please select the OUR option (you pay all transfer fees) when making transfers. This is the only way that the full semester contribution will go to Freie Universitaet's account. Otherwise delays will occur because the missing amount has to be reclaimed. In addition, when you transfer the missing amount, you still have to pay the additional transfer fees. In some cases, the payment partner needs information about the address of the university's main bank in order to process payments from foreign countries. The main branch of the DEUTSCHE BANK PGK AG is located at: Unter den Linden 13 - 15, 10117 Berlin. Bank accounts of Freie Universität Berlin Please contact Info-Service Studium for information on the account details of Freie Universität Berlin . Using the Self-Service Portal Fees Expand all Collapse all What do I have to pay? Where do I find my personal transaction code ("Verwendungszweck")? semester fees You can find all the information about outstanding fees in the "Fees" tab. To access the fees tab, open your current request for reregistration and then click on the "Fees" icon. This will show each individual fee to be paid along with the corresponding bank details and transaction code. When making a bank transfer, be sure to include your personal transaction code ! Why do I have to pay a late fee? A late fee will be charged if the re-registration fee is not paid by the deadline. The late fee is due from the first day after the reregistration deadline (which is the last Friday of the teaching period), if the required semester fees and dues do not show up on Freie Universität Berlin's account by the deadline. Please keep in mind the time it will take your bank to process your payment! To check the deadline for your reregistration and the fees due, please click on the "Fees" tab. You can find more information in your self-service portal . Information for multiple enrollees: From the first day of each semester (October 1 or April 1), an additional late fee will be charged for a late reregistration (and/or late proof of enrollment at another university). You can find more information in your self-service portal . What do the different fee statuses mean in the "Fees" tab when I request my reregistration? "Open": This means your fees have not yet been paid and/or are not yet showing up on the Freie Universität account. Please be aware that an electronic bank transfer can take up to three days to show up on our account. Please note: Your fee status will also show as "open" if you have a credit to your account. A credit payment owed to you is indicated by a minus sign in front of the amount (e.g., -12.38 euros). On reimbursements to you, see FAQ reimbursements . "Paid": This means that all outstanding amounts owed by you have been paid. You do not need to do anything else. It may be that your request is still being processed and the status is about to change to "approved." This usually takes one working day. How do I know if I am owed money in the "Fees" tab when reregistering? I can see in the "Fees" tab that I am owed money, but this money hasn't gone into my account. What should I do? If you see a credit in the "Fees" tab, it will be refunded to you as soon as possible. You can recognize a credit by the preceding minus sign (e.g., -12.13€). Please note that the reimbursement may take up to 2-3 weeks to be processed. If this time has passed and the money has not been deposited into your account, please contact the Info-Service Studium . To the self-service portal Image Credit: Stabsstelle Kommunikation und Marketing Information for Employees Prospective Students Refugees Students and Doctorate Children and Teachers Alumni and Supporters Journalists Continuing Education Service Navigation Homepage Contact Legal Notice Data Protection Policy Emergencies Accessibility Statement Social Media Instagram LinkedIn Mastodon Bluesky Youtube Facebook Information about Using Social Media This Page Print Subscribe RSS-Feed Feedback Deutsch The Latin words veritas, iustitia, and libertas, which frame the seal of Freie Universität Berlin, stand for the values that have defined the academic ethos of Freie Universität since its founding in December 1948.