1. Visit the SNU admissions website. 2. Check the announcement (ADMISSIONS → Overview → Announcements). 3. Visit the application website and create an account. 4. Enter all the personal information, academic information, and personal statement & study plan. 5. Scan and upload documents. 6. Pay the application fee. 7. Complete your application. Visit the SNU admissions website (https://admission.snu.ac.kr)(KOR) and check the announcement. 202X학년도 전/후기 글로벌인재특별전형 학사신입학 온라인 접수 OPEN Visit the SNU admissions website (https://en.snu.ac.kr/admission)(ENG) and check the announcement. OnlineApplicationforInternational Admissions, Undergraduate, Spring/Fall, 202X begins Visit the application website and create an account. ▪ Even if you have created an account for the previous semester's admissions, you must create a new account again. ▪ [qq.com] email account is not available. Select a language and check the detailed admission notes before application. Agree to the terms and conditions. ☜ Click [Agree] ☜ Click [Agree] ☜ Click [Agree] ☜ Click [Agree] ☜ Click Select your admission type and desired program(major). ▪Please note that the admission type and desired program cannot be modified after the application fee is paid. ☜ Select your admission type (I or II). ☜ Click to select your desired program (major). x x Enter your Korean or English language proficiency scores. ▪After the preliminary decision, scores must be submitted either as the original score report or through a score reporting service. ☜ Please check the corresponding box and enter your Korean or English language proficiency scores. Enter your personal information. ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Enter your personal information. ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. ▪If you are a Korean citizen, please enter your resident registration number accurately. ▪If you are a foreign national, please enter your corresponding number as explained above. Enter your personal information. ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Enter your family information. (Admissions Type I ONLY) ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Upload your photo. (Admissions Type II ONLY) ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Enter your recommender's information. ▪ A guide email will be automatically sent to your recommender after the application fee payment, so please ensure that your recommender has received the email. ▪ If you wish to change your recommender, you must first check the online submission status of the recommendation letter. If the status shows "Writing" or "Submitted", the recommender's information cannot be modified. ▪ After modifying the recommender's email address, make sure you click the [Resend] button to send the guide email to the new email address. ☜ Applicant PIN is an identification number for a recommender to access the recommendation letter. ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Enter your information. ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. ▪For inquiries about scholarships, please contact the Office of Global affairs. +82-2-880-2519 (intlscholarship@snu.ac.kr) Enter your in-school and non-academic activities during high school . ☜ Click "Add" to enter your activities. (You can add up to 10 entries.) Please upload all the supporting documents corresponding to the information entered above. ☜ Click here to upload files. For Admissions Type I ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Official Transcript & Official (Expected) Graduation Certificate (for High School)* Please upload all the supporting documents corresponding to the information entered above. ☜ Click here to upload files. For Admissions Type II ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Official Enrollment Certificate & Official Transcript & Official (Expected) Graduation Certificate (for High School)* Enter your academic information. ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Enter your academic information. ▪ Fields marked with a red asterisk (*) are mandatory. Enter your personal statement and study plan. ▪DO NOT include specific personal information(such as name or occupation of the applicant, the applicant's parents or relatives). Pay the application fee by the deadline. The payment must be completed before the deadline. ☜ Click your preferred payment method to complete the payment. Complete your application. ▪ A guide e-mail will be automatically sent to the recommender after the application fee is paid, but if you need to resend the guide e-mail, please click the resend button above. Click the [Modify] button if you want to modify your information. You may edit your information before the deadline. **** Please verify if the application number has been assigned. 91****