Skip to content Contact 日本語 People Giving to UTokyo HOME Education About UTokyo Office of the President Mission and Vision History Facts and Figures Offices & Administration Publications & PR Visit UTokyo Access and Campus Maps Facilities Rules and Regulations Job Information Academics Faculties Graduate Schools Institutes and Other University Organizations Special Educational Activities Research Activities International Activities Why UTokyo? Explore Our Campuses Learn Discover Our People In Depth Why Tokyo? Why Japan? Research UTokyo FOCUS Research from Graduate Schools, Institutes and Other Organizations University-wide Research Activities Research Cooperation with Industries Research at UTokyo Alumni News & Topics UTokyo Alumni Association Connect Learn Support for Students Contribute Publications Including Online Media Bulletin Board Services and Benefits Obtaining Certificates of Student Status, Certificates of Graduation, and Transcripts Term Dates and University Calendar Prospective Students Why UTokyo? Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Student Exchange Programs Special and Short-term Programs Housing Tuition and Scholarships Student Support Guide for International Students UTokyo Current Students News/Notices & Events Procedures for Entering and Residing in Japan Housing Health and Safety Tuition and Scholarships Career Support for Students Studying Japanese Studying Abroad On-campus Services for International Students and Researchers University-wide Student Exchange Program (USTEP) Type U Support for Family Members in Japan Rules and Regulations Term Dates and University Calendar Ceremonies People HOME About UTokyo Academics Why UTokyo? Research Alumni Education Prospective Students Current Students UTokyo FOCUS Access and Campus Maps Contact Make a donation Prospective Students Home > Prospective Students > Undergraduate Students > Admissions > Undergraduate Programs in English (PEAK and GSC) Undergraduate Programs in English (PEAK and GSC) Programs in English at Komaba (PEAK) Global Science Course (GSC) Programs in English at Komaba (PEAK) *Admission to PEAK will end with the Fall 2026 enrollment. ( Details here. ) Aiming for the creation of a global campus that attracts talented students around the world, the College of Arts and Sciences has offered undergraduate degree programs taught entirely in English on the Komaba Campus since October 2012. This scheme consists of two programs: "International Program on Japan in East Asia" and "International Program on Environmental Sciences," and is open to students who have received their secondary school education in languages other than Japanese. No knowledge of Japanese is required for admission, and all the courses are delivered entirely in English as a general rule. Students enrolled in these programs come from many countries around the globe, including South Korea, China, Taiwan, Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, Australia, the US, Brazil, Iran, the UK, Russia, Poland and Finland. PEAK students study liberal arts for their first two years in the Junior Division and then advance to the two years of specialized studies (Japan in East Asia or Environmental Sciences) in the Senior Division. The majority of courses in the Junior Division are also open to regular Japanese students (non-PEAK students), who can opt to enroll in either one of the programs in the Senior Division. PEAK and non-PEAK students interact daily in many settings. PEAK is building bridges between international and Japanese students. PEAK Admissions Top Global Science Course (GSC) GSC is an all-English undergraduate transfer program. Under GSC, transfer students who have completed at least 2 years of undergraduate studies at universities outside of Japan are admitted into the 3rd in the Faculty of Science. Upon fulfilling all graduation requirements, students are awarded a Bachelor of Science degree from UTokyo. All GSC transfer students receive: ・A monthly scholarship of JPY 150,000 ・Accommodation provided with fully supported monthly rent ・Support from student tutors and TAs GSC Admissions Inquiries Before contacting the University, please view the Frequently Asked Questions page to see if there is an answer to your inquiry. If your question pertains to a particular program/department, please contact that program/department directly. Related Links Degree Programs Offered in English for Graduate Students Inquiries about the content of this page: University Entrance Examination Group Send inquiry Social media directory Site map Site policy Privacy policy Jobs UTokyo Portal utelecon Frequently asked questions Access and campus maps Disseminating information for UTokyo during disasters This website is managed by the Public Relations Office. For inquiries regarding the content of individual pages, please use the contact information listed on each page. © The University of Tokyo Kashiwa Campus Hongo Campus Komaba Campus Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close