Skip to Main Content Undergraduate Admissions Brown University Undergraduate Admission Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect Search Menu Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Search Undergraduate Admission Admission Criteria for International Applicants In considering whether applying to Brown is the right choice for you, you should feel confident that your accomplishments would allow you to be admitted to a leading university in your own country. Breadcrumb Home International Applicants Sub Navigation In This Section First Year Applicants How to Apply International Applicants Admission Criteria Advanced Standing English Proficiency Application Process Financial Aid U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Tuition and Aid Admission Criteria for International Applicants In considering whether applying to Brown is the right choice for you, you should feel confident that your accomplishments would allow you to be admitted to a leading university in your own country. International applicants, like all applicants to Brown, are expected to complete secondary school. Brown's first-year students will have completed 12 to 13 years of primary and secondary schooling. Similar to applications from students within the United States, we evaluate applications from students outside the United States with their context and opportunities in mind. We are familiar with the many varied educational systems around the world. There is no preference for or advantage given to any particular system or country. National and International Examinations You should plan to sit for national and international examinations, such as the GCE A-levels, German Abitur, French Baccalauréat and International Baccalaureate and submit the predicted or actual scores for those examinations as part of your credentials for admission to Brown. We expect the actual scores to be submitted before matriculation. At the time of application, you and your school should submit a request in writing if you are in a national curriculum but are not planning on taking the corresponding external examinations. Brown University Providence RI 02912 401-863-1000 Quick Navigation Visit Brown Campus Map A to Z Contact Us Footer Navigation News Events Campus Safety Accessibility Careers at Brown Social Navigation Facebook Instagram X/Twitter © Brown University Undergraduate Admissions Brown University For You First Year Applicants International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Counselors Search Menu Mobile Site Navigation Mobile Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Mobile Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect This Site All of Brown.edu People Search Close Search