Skip to Main Content Undergraduate Admissions Brown University Undergraduate Admission Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect Search Menu Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Search Undergraduate Admission Application Process for International Applicants International applicants to Brown complete the Common Application. Although the forms are geared toward the U.S. secondary school system, they may be used to convey the specifics of any nation's educational system. Breadcrumb Home International Applicants Sub Navigation In This Section First Year Applicants How to Apply International Applicants Admission Criteria Advanced Standing English Proficiency Application Process Financial Aid U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Tuition and Aid Application Process for International Applicants International applicants to Brown complete the Common Application. Although the forms are geared toward the U.S. secondary school system, they may be used to convey the specifics of any nation's educational system. Documents or information that will be part of your application file should be written in English or be accompanied by official translations along with original documents in the original language. Brown does not endorse or work with agents or third parties, with the exception of governments, EducationUSA and community-based organizations. Brown expects that students will demonstrate integrity in completing their application and that all work presented for admission to the College will be their own. Students who have violated this policy may have their application denied or their offer of admission revoked. Start Your Application Applications to Brown are submitted online via the Common Application. Learn how to apply and start your application. How to Apply Brown University Providence RI 02912 401-863-1000 Quick Navigation Visit Brown Campus Map A to Z Contact Us Footer Navigation News Events Campus Safety Accessibility Careers at Brown Social Navigation Facebook Instagram X/Twitter © Brown University Undergraduate Admissions Brown University For You First Year Applicants International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Counselors Search Menu Mobile Site Navigation Mobile Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Mobile Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect This Site All of Brown.edu People Search Close Search