Skip to Main Content Undergraduate Admissions Brown University Undergraduate Admission Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect Search Menu Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Search Undergraduate Admission English Proficiency English language proficiency must be achieved before international students are admitted. Breadcrumb Home International Applicants Sub Navigation In This Section First Year Applicants How to Apply International Applicants Admission Criteria Advanced Standing English Proficiency Application Process Financial Aid U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Tuition and Aid English Proficiency English language proficiency must be achieved before international students are admitted. Since English is the language of instruction at Brown, you must demonstrate that you: Understand English as spoken in the classroom Express thoughts quickly and clearly in both spoken and written English Read English with ease English language proficiency must be achieved before you are admitted. Brown does not offer courses in English as a second language for its undergraduates and does not accept on a provisional basis students who are deficient in English. We highly recommend that international applicants for whom English is not a first language, a primary language spoken at home, or the primary language of instruction for the duration of their secondary school career submit the results of an English proficiency test. At this time, we accept results for: The Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) The Duolingo English Test The Pearson Test of English Cambridge English We will also accept the TOEFL IBT Home Edition. Please arrange for Brown to receive the official results. The following minimum scores are expected in most cases: TOEFL internet-based exam taken prior to January 2026: minimum score of 105 TOEFL internet-based exam taken January 2026 and later: minimum score of 5.5 IELTS: minimum score of 8.0 Duolingo Test of English: minimum score of 130 Pearson Test of English: minimum score of 75 C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency Cambridge English Exams: minimum score of 191 Official score reports will be required for all matriculating students who self-report an English Proficiency Test result as part of their application. Brown does not accept MyBest scores. For students enrolling in the fall of 2027, those official score reports will be required in May of 2027. If your English Proficiency Test result will expire before May of 2027, you must ask the testing agency to send the official score report to Brown before expiration. Expired score reports will not be accepted and the Office of College Admission will not waive the EPT official score report requirement for students who self-reported a result that has since expired. Students who are unable to provide official score reports to verify self-reported results must retake the same exam with an equal or better score prior to matriculation. Note that in addition, students are expected to complete all other test requirements outlined in the Standardized Test Requirements section of this website. Brown University Providence RI 02912 401-863-1000 Quick Navigation Visit Brown Campus Map A to Z Contact Us Footer Navigation News Events Campus Safety Accessibility Careers at Brown Social Navigation Facebook Instagram X/Twitter © Brown University Undergraduate Admissions Brown University For You First Year Applicants International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Counselors Search Menu Mobile Site Navigation Mobile Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Mobile Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect This Site All of Brown.edu People Search Close Search