Skip to Main Content Undergraduate Admissions Brown University Undergraduate Admission Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect Search Menu Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Search Undergraduate Admission Early Decision If Brown is your first choice and you would definitely accept an offer of admission if admitted, you may choose our Early Decision plan. Breadcrumb Home First-Year Applicants Sub Navigation In This Section First Year Applicants Early Decision Regular Decision Application Checklist Standardized Tests School Forms Selecting Academic Interests Supplementary Materials Video Introduction How to Apply International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Tuition and Aid Early Decision If Brown is your first choice and you would definitely accept an offer of admission if admitted, you may choose our Early Decision plan. The Early Decision Commitment We offer Early Decision as an opportunity for students who are ready to commit and would like early notification of their admission status. If you choose to apply to Brown under Early Decision, we ask that you not submit an application to another institution under another early decision, single-choice early action or restrictive early action plan. If you are admitted under our Early Decision plan, you will be required to withdraw all pending applications-including those you may have already submitted to regular, rolling or (open) early action programs. Please do not assume that your admission chances are improved by applying under the Early Decision plan. The Board of Admission makes the same decisions under Early Decision that it would under the Regular Decision plan. Application and Decision Dates Under Early Decision, prospective students apply by November 1 (11:59 p.m. applicant's local time) and receive a decision by mid-December . Standardized Tests Brown University has returned to a policy requiring standardized test scores (either SAT or ACT scores) for first-year applicants beginning with the 2024-25 admission cycle. As we have done in prior years, we will superscore either the SAT or ACT, or both. More information can be found on our Standardized Tests webpage. Not determinative, but informative, we have always utilized testing in context as a metric when evaluating student applications. Brown does not have minimum test scores required for admission, and a score that may be below our average test ranges should not deter a student from applying. Considering testing in context means that our understanding of a student's scores is based on multiple factors, including educational background, socioeconomic status, home and school community, and accessibility to well-equipped testing centers. This type of contextual evaluation is one more resource we can use to ensure equitable consideration of standardized test scores and support academic preparation as we work to create a diverse and dynamic class. This policy provides greater clarity and consistency in Brown's admission process and allows us to be mission-driven and data-informed. Admission Decisions Once you have submitted your Common Application , you will receive access to your Brown Applicant Portal from us on a rolling basis. Under Brown's Early Decision plan, there are three possible outcomes: Your application is accepted: You must withdraw all applications to other colleges. Your place in Brown's first-year class is secure, pending satisfactory completion of your senior year. A final decision on your application is deferred: Your credentials will be revisited within the context of the Regular Decision pool of applicants. Your application is denied: If you are denied admission under Early Decision, you may not reapply for admission under the Regular Decision plan during the same year. Start Your Application Applications to Brown are submitted online via the Common Application. Learn how to apply and start your application. How to Apply Brown University Providence RI 02912 401-863-1000 Quick Navigation Visit Brown Campus Map A to Z Contact Us Footer Navigation News Events Campus Safety Accessibility Careers at Brown Social Navigation Facebook Instagram X/Twitter © Brown University Undergraduate Admissions Brown University For You First Year Applicants International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Counselors Search Menu Mobile Site Navigation Mobile Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Mobile Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect This Site All of Brown.edu People Search Close Search