Skip to Main Content Undergraduate Admissions Brown University Undergraduate Admission Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect Search Menu Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Search Undergraduate Admission Standardized Tests We look at your test scores along with other information about your academic promise as we read your complete application. Breadcrumb Home First-Year Applicants Sub Navigation In This Section First Year Applicants Early Decision Regular Decision Application Checklist Standardized Tests School Forms Selecting Academic Interests Supplementary Materials Video Introduction How to Apply International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Tuition and Aid Standardized Tests We look at your test scores along with other information about your academic promise as we read your complete application. Based on an extensive review of data over the past three years, Brown University has returned to a policy requiring standardized test scores (either SAT or ACT scores) for first-year applicants beginning with the 2024-25 admission cycle. As we have done in prior years, we will superscore either the SAT or ACT, or both. Please note that the SAT Essay and ACT Writing components remain completely optional, and the majority of applicants to Brown will not submit these exam sections. The ACT Science section will be optional beginning in spring 2025 in alignment with the changes to this exam. Standardized test scores remain one factor among the many we consider in our whole-person admission process when assessing an applicant's academic preparation and potential to succeed on our campus. Not determinative, but informative, we have always considered these scores in the context from which each individual student is applying. There are no minimum scores required to be considered for admission, but as we seek to set students up for success, the availability of test scores - evaluated in context - is one more resource we can use to support academic preparation and to create a diverse and dynamic class. This policy will provide greater clarity and consistency in Brown's admission process and will allow data, excellence and equity to drive our decision-making. Review our Frequently Asked Questions about Standardized Testing for more information. International Applicants Review Brown's English proficiency requirements for international students. Sending Official and Self-Reported Test Scores to Brown Please either self-report your scores through the Common Application, upload them via your Brown Applicant Portal, or have official test scores sent directly to Brown. If you self-report your scores with your application, you will be required to have official test scores sent directly from the testing agency if you are accepted and plan to enroll at Brown. If you are applying Early Decision, testing must be completed by the last October test date to ensure receipt of scores. If you are applying Regular Decision, testing must be completed by the last December test date to ensure receipt of scores. Institutional Code Numbers To have scores sent to Brown, you will need to provide our institutional code numbers: For the SAT, Brown's code number is 3094 For the ACT, Brown's code number is 3800 For the TOEFL, Brown's code number is 3094 Brown University Providence RI 02912 401-863-1000 Quick Navigation Visit Brown Campus Map A to Z Contact Us Footer Navigation News Events Campus Safety Accessibility Careers at Brown Social Navigation Facebook Instagram X/Twitter © Brown University Undergraduate Admissions Brown University For You First Year Applicants International Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Resumed Undergraduate Education Applicants Transfer Applicants Counselors Search Menu Mobile Site Navigation Mobile Site Navigation Home Explore Academics Campus Life Diversity at Brown Life After Brown Brown Admission by the Numbers Student Voices Visit Apply Tuition & Aid FAQ/Contact Us Mobile Secondary Navigation Navigation Connect This Site All of Brown.edu People Search Close Search