Skip to main content What are you looking for? Languages EN IT Menu Close Apply Discover Programs Browse News and Events Giving to Bocconi About Us Overview Organization Quality Assurance Third Mission Ranking International Networks Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability Community Programs Overview Bachelor of Science Master of Science Law Specialized Masters Programs PhD Summer School SDA Bocconi School of Management Faculty and Research Faculty Departments Research Campus Overview Campus VR Virtual Tour Buildings and Classrooms On-Campus Safety and Security Information Security Library & Archives Bocconi Sport Gallery Applying to Bocconi Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education News and Events Hub Overview Events ViaSarfatti25 - Our Magazine Research Dissemination For Current Students Overview Welcome Days Bachelor Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Application and Admissions Campus Life Career Services Fees Funding Guidance for MSc Programs Guide to the University Housing Inclusion, Disabilities and Learning Disorders International Mobility IT Education Center Language Center Library & Archives Student Administration Technology and Information Services Timetables, Calendars and Rooms Courses offered in Academic Programs 2026-2027 a.y. For International Students Overview Prospective students - Before your admission Freshly enrolled students - Before you arrive Freshly enrolled students - When you arrive Current students Incoming Exchange Students For Employers and Partners Overview JobGate: internship and job posting Activating and managing internships Career fairs Bespoke events For Alumni Contact us Login Languages EN IT Close menu Applying to Bocconi Section Menu Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Master of Science and MA Programs Overview Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Timeline Fees Funding Housing Overview Bligny Residence Bocconi Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Guidance Activities Overview Bocconi Meets... Masterclasses Graduate Open Day Unibuddy Campus visits Specialized Master Programs Overview Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education Close Bachelor and Law Programs Section Menu Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Close Breadcrumb Home Applying to Bocconi Bachelor and Law Programs Application and admissions Contacts Application and admissions Open share Close Share Close After choosing the programs of your interest, it's time to learn about how to get into Bocconi. Here you will find useful information about the different phases of the admission process, the Bocconi online test, the requirements, and the documentation to prepare to submit your admission application. You will also discover the enrollment procedures to confirm your place at Bocconi in case of admission. Apply now Admissions 2027-28 Application and admission Admissions 2026-27 Results and enrollment Classes and places available Approximately 3,000 places are available overall for first-year students. Programs are organized into classes of around 115 students, with some exceptions for specific programs. Elements of evaluation The selection process is based on the admission test performance and the GPA of the third-last and second-last years. We accept the SAT/L-SAT, ACT and the online Bocconi test and we require final year transcript of records for applying. The admission result will depend on a ranking that is calculated on the basis of these elements and considering the spots available during each selection round, as well as the programs chosen, the number of applications received, etc. What to check before applying If you are attending a secondary school following the Italian education system (ordinamento italiano) in Italy, you must apply as an Italian applicant; otherwise, you should register as an international applicant. Please refer to the relevant pages of the website to ensure you select the correct applicant profile. We suggest that you check out the secondary school diploma requirements , as they might have an impact on your future enrollment conditions. We also recommend checking in advance which documents you will need in order to complete your application. If you are interested in programs in the legal area, please note that a dedicated admission track is required. Finally, you can find a list of accepted language certificates to meet the English language requirement for enrollment, in case of admission. According to the University's policies, applicants who are not Italian citizens and are not resident in Italy, and who will be under 17 years of age as of 1 September 2027 (i.e. born after 1 September 2010), are not eligible for admission. Any application submitted by such candidates will not be considered, as enrollment cannot be finalized. Applicants who are not Italian citizens and are not resident in Italy, and who will be under 18 but at least 17 years of age as of 1 September 2027 (i.e. born after 1 September 2009), will be required to appoint a guardian until they reach the age of 18 Enrollment After admission, you will have approximately three weeks to enroll, confirming the place that has been offered to you. Enrollment involves: Payment of the first installment Fulfillment of the English language requirement, which varies depending on the program of admission Obtaining the high school diploma by July If after enrollment you decide to withdraw from your place at Bocconi, you can request a refund of the first installment within specific deadlines for each selection round. Concurrent enrollment in two study programs Apply Now Scroll to top Stay in touch Contacts Stay in touch Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Weechat Xiaohongshu/RED Listen to our podcast Spotify Spreaker Apple podcast Bocconi Spheres SDA Bocconi School of Management Egea Alumni B4i - Bocconi for innovation yoU@B Agenda Work at Bocconi Media center BTV TL ON Mobile app yoU@B Campus VR Mobile app yoU@B Bocconi shop © Università Bocconi - Via Sarfatti, 25 Milano - PI 03628350153 Footer Privacy Digital accessibility