Skip to main content What are you looking for? Languages EN IT Menu Close Apply Discover Programs Browse News and Events Giving to Bocconi About Us Overview Organization Quality Assurance Third Mission Ranking International Networks Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability Community Programs Overview Bachelor of Science Master of Science Law Specialized Masters Programs PhD Summer School SDA Bocconi School of Management Faculty and Research Faculty Departments Research Campus Overview Campus VR Virtual Tour Buildings and Classrooms On-Campus Safety and Security Information Security Library & Archives Bocconi Sport Gallery Applying to Bocconi Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education News and Events Hub Overview Events ViaSarfatti25 - Our Magazine Research Dissemination For Current Students Overview Welcome Days Bachelor Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Application and Admissions Campus Life Career Services Fees Funding Guidance for MSc Programs Guide to the University Housing Inclusion, Disabilities and Learning Disorders International Mobility IT Education Center Language Center Library & Archives Student Administration Technology and Information Services Timetables, Calendars and Rooms Courses offered in Academic Programs 2026-2027 a.y. For International Students Overview Prospective students - Before your admission Freshly enrolled students - Before you arrive Freshly enrolled students - When you arrive Current students Incoming Exchange Students For Employers and Partners Overview JobGate: internship and job posting Activating and managing internships Career fairs Bespoke events For Alumni Contact us Login Languages EN IT Close menu Applying to Bocconi Section Menu Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Master of Science and MA Programs Overview Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Timeline Fees Funding Housing Overview Bligny Residence Bocconi Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Guidance Activities Overview Bocconi Meets... Masterclasses Graduate Open Day Unibuddy Campus visits Specialized Master Programs Overview Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education Close Bachelor and Law Programs Section Menu Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Close Breadcrumb Home Applying to Bocconi Bachelor and Law Programs Application and admissions Admissions Contacts Admissions Open share Close Share Close Classes and places available For the 2027-2028 academic year, approximately 3000 places are available overall. Each Bachelor's program is organized into classes, generally comprising around 115 students; the Global Law program, however, has 80 places per class. Bachelor's programs are taught predominantly in English; the programs in Economics and Management and in Law are instead offered in Italian. For programs taught in English, up to 50-55% of places may be reserved for international applicants. In order to maintain the multicultural environment that has always distinguished Bocconi, in the event that we receive an extraordinarily high number of applications in one round of selection, we will consider balancing the admissions offers to ensure diversity in terms of applicants' profiles, backgrounds, and nationality. In addition to the mentioned degree programs, the offerings also include the World Bachelor in Business and the Double Degree HEC-Bocconi , which have dedicated selection procedures and timelines. Bachelor programs - Undergraduate school Number of classes Program taught in Intake Management (L-18) Economia aziendale (L-18) 6 6 ENG ITA 690 690 Management for the Arts and Cultures (L-18) 2 ENG 230 Finance (L-33) 4 ENG 460 Economics (L-33) 1 ENG 115 Management and Computer Science (L-33) 2 ENG 230 Mathematical and Computing Sciences for Artificial Intelligence (L-35) 1 ENG 115 International Politics and Government (L-36) 1 ENG 115 Total 2645 Bachelor and integrated Master of Arts - Law School Number of classes Program taught in Intake Law (Five-year integrated Master of Arts) (LMG/01 R) 2 ITA 240 Global Law (L-14 R) 1 ENG 80 Total 320 Programs with partner Universities Number of classes Program taught in Intake World Bachelor in Business (L-18) 1 ENG 45 International Politics and Government - Data, Society & Organisations Double degree with HEC (L-36) 1 ENG 110 Elements of evaluation The selection is based on the following elements: 1. Selection test score - 55% Bocconi online test / Bocconi online test - Law (*) or SAT/LSAT(*) or ACT 2. Third-last and second-last year GPA - 45 % The evaluation of applicants is based solely on these two elements. Additional documents, such as recommendation letters, motivational letters, CVs, or résumés, will not be considered in the assessment process. (*) The Bocconi Online Test - Law and L-SAT are accepted only for programs of the Law School (Law and Global Law). In other words, by choosing the Bocconi Online Test - Law or L-SAT, you can apply only for programs of the Law School. On the other hand, with the Bocconi Online Test, SAT, and ACT, you can apply for any program, (both Law School and Undergraduate School). What to check before starting the application Before starting the online application, we recommend to check the following elements: Categories of applicants Check whether you apply as an "Italian applicant", as an "International applicant", or as a "Transfer applicant (with credit recognition)". Secondary school diploma Please carefully verify the secondary school diploma requirements for enrollment, as well as the specific diploma requirements and integrations (such as declaration of value, APs, etc...) to be provided in case of admission. Profiles of candidates whose secondary school diploma does not meet the necessary requirements and integrations will NOT be taken into consideration for admission. English requirement for enrollment check the list of certificates and diplomas accepted to fulfil the English requirement for enrollment, in case of admission. The age of the applicant as of 1 September 2027 According to the university's policies, students who are not Italian citizens and are not residents in Italy, and who will be under the age of 17 as of 1 September 2027 (born after 1 September 2010), cannot be considered for admission. If they apply, their application will not be considered, as their enrollment cannot be finalized. Students who are not Italian citizens and are not residents in Italy, and who will be under the age of 18 but older than 17 as of 1 September 2027 (born after 1 September 2009), will be required to appoint a guardian until they reach the age of 18 When to apply There are two selection sessions available for the admission to the 2027-28 AY: Early and Winter . As competition is very intense, applicants are advised to apply as soon as possible. As a matter of fact, early applications can have greater chances to be successful, to meet financial aid/scholarships opportunities and to respect all the student visa deadlines (set for NON-EU applicants). In case of non-admission, applicants can still apply in the subsequent last round. The World Bachelor in Business and the Double Degree HEC-Bocconi have specific application and admission procedures. International applicants who have graduated or transferred (as already enrolled) from Italian or foreign universities and wish to request recognition of credits already earned during other academic paths for a career abbreviation, will participate in a dedicated selection session . They can submit an admission application only from 25 November 2026 to 26 January 2027. Before applying, applicants must have already taken a selection test ( Bocconi online test/Bocconi online test - Law , SAT/LSAT or ACT ) and obtained a score. International applicants who intend to apply using the Bocconi online test may book one or more test attempts on the dedicated web testing platform from 13 July 2026 to 19 January 2027. The web testing platform will be closed a few days before each application deadline. Applicants should therefore plan ahead and complete one or more test attempts before the platform closes in order to apply for their chosen selection session. As an example, international applicants wishing to apply for the Early Session may take one or more Bocconi online test attempts until 24 September 2026 . For the Winter Session, the last available test date is 21 January 2027 , subject to availability and provided that the test is booked at least 48 hours in advance . Even if they have taken a selection test, candidates are not automatically signed up for the upcoming selection session. This means that it's the candidate's responsibility to decide whether or not to apply in the upcoming selection session and with which test score. Test scores will not be automatically acquired from the webtesting platform. Students who wish to apply using the SAT , must submit the application by the deadline for the chosen selection round, including the SAT score report and confirmation that they have designated Bocconi University as a score recipient through College Board. The SAT score does not need to be already available to Bocconi through the College Board platform by the application deadline: it is sufficient that Bocconi University has been designated as a score recipient by that date. Students already enrolled in a Bocconi undergraduate program may not submit a new application in a subsequent selection round unless they have previously withdrawn from their current enrollment. In the absence of such withdrawal, any application submitted in a subsequent round will be cancelled ex officio and will not be considered; the existing enrollment will remain valid. The application deadlines are the same for both legal programs and economics and management programs. Session Online application Results Early Session 2 - 29 September 2026 (3:00pm Italian time) mid November 2026 Winter Session 25 November 2026 - 26 January 2027 (3:00pm Italian time) mid March 2027 How to apply A dedicated selection process has been designed for programs of the Law School (see "Classes and places available" section) and a separate selection process for programs of the Undergraduate School. To participate in the selections for AY 2027-28 you will need to: Take a selection test among those accepted, based on the program(s) of your interest The accepted selection tests for programs of the Undergraduate school are: Bocconi online test , SAT or ACT Only for programs of the Law School (Law and Global Law), in addition to the tests listed above, LSAT or the Bocconi online test - Law are also accepted. If you have more than one test result (i.e. an online Bocconi test and an SAT), you can upload all your score reports and the online admission portal will pick the highest for you, in order to determine the final admission ranking. Check your " category of applicant " before applying Fill out and submit the admission application through the Apply2B online portal. If you are interested in both programs of the Law School and programs of the Undergraduate School, you will need to submit two separate admission applications. You can indicate up to 4 preferences for programs of the Undergraduate School and up to 2 preferences for programs of the Law School. Filling out the application is easy, but it takes time as you will need to scan and upload documents on the online portal. Please check the timelines and make sure to meet the deadlines. Providing accurate information as well as uploading complete and updated documents on your application is pivotal. Documents sent via e-mail and/or postal mail will NOT be taken into consideration. Before submitting your online application, you must have already taken a selection test (Bocconi online test, SAT or ACT) and have also obtained your test score. Even if they have taken a selection test, applicants are not automatically signed up for the upcoming selection session. This means that it's the candidate's responsibility to decide whether or not to apply in the upcoming selection session (according to the deadlines abovementioned) and with which test score. Test scores will not be automatically acquired from the webtesting platform. All test score reports submitted by applicants to apply for admission will be checked for authenticity. Submitted test score reports that have proven irregularities will result in the applicant being disqualified from the selection process for the entire academic year. WHAT DOCUMENTS DO I NEED? ID or passport (if you are extra-EU) Parents' ID or passport (if you are underaged). 3rd-last and 2nd-last year transcripts Test score report (at least one) Applicants will need to provide their final GPA (if available) or to list all their grades (excluding physical education, behavior, and religion) and use a calculator available within the application portal to generate their GPA on a scale of ten. APPLICATION FEE For every application you want to submit, an application fee of €100 is required: if you submit an application for programs in the School of Law area and/or in the Undergraduate School area and/or for the HEC-Bocconi Double Degree program, you will be required to pay the corresponding application fees. The application fee is to be paid only through the application portal. Please note: the application fee will not be reimbursed once an application is submitted. Paying the application fee (100€) and/or filling out the application does not give the right to be considered for the selection round, if the application has not been confirmed and submitted through Apply2B by the application deadlines. Focus on Bocconi online test Admission to Hec-Bocconi Double Degree Admission to World Bachelor in Business Apply Now Scroll to top Stay in touch Contacts Stay in touch Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Weechat Xiaohongshu/RED Listen to our podcast Spotify Spreaker Apple podcast Bocconi Spheres SDA Bocconi School of Management Egea Alumni B4i - Bocconi for innovation yoU@B Agenda Work at Bocconi Media center BTV TL ON Mobile app yoU@B Campus VR Mobile app yoU@B Bocconi shop © Università Bocconi - Via Sarfatti, 25 Milano - PI 03628350153 Footer Privacy Digital accessibility