Skip to main content What are you looking for? Languages EN IT Menu Close Apply Discover Programs Browse News and Events Giving to Bocconi About Us Overview Organization Quality Assurance Third Mission Ranking International Networks Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability Community Programs Overview Bachelor of Science Master of Science Law Specialized Masters Programs PhD Summer School SDA Bocconi School of Management Faculty and Research Faculty Departments Research Campus Overview Campus VR Virtual Tour Buildings and Classrooms On-Campus Safety and Security Information Security Library & Archives Bocconi Sport Gallery Applying to Bocconi Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education News and Events Hub Overview Events ViaSarfatti25 - Our Magazine Research Dissemination For Current Students Overview Welcome Days Bachelor Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Application and Admissions Campus Life Career Services Fees Funding Guidance for MSc Programs Guide to the University Housing Inclusion, Disabilities and Learning Disorders International Mobility IT Education Center Language Center Library & Archives Student Administration Technology and Information Services Timetables, Calendars and Rooms Courses offered in Academic Programs 2026-2027 a.y. For International Students Overview Prospective students - Before your admission Freshly enrolled students - Before you arrive Freshly enrolled students - When you arrive Current students Incoming Exchange Students For Employers and Partners Overview JobGate: internship and job posting Activating and managing internships Career fairs Bespoke events For Alumni Contact us Login Languages EN IT Close menu Applying to Bocconi Section Menu Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Master of Science and MA Programs Overview Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Timeline Fees Funding Housing Overview Bligny Residence Bocconi Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Guidance Activities Overview Bocconi Meets... Masterclasses Graduate Open Day Unibuddy Campus visits Specialized Master Programs Overview Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education Close Bachelor and Law Programs Section Menu Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Close Breadcrumb Home Applying to Bocconi Bachelor and Law Programs Application and admissions Results and Enrollment Contacts Results and Enrollment Open share Close Share Close Results The Admissions Committee determines the results of the selection process by considering the applicant's program choices, and evaluating the profile according to the criteria defined for the selection, taking into account the available places for the participation session. The ranking is constructed according to an overall score determined by all the selection elements provided. For International applicants, a single ranking will be created for the programs of the Undergraduate School and a single ranking for the programs of the Law School (Law and Global Law), therefore two separate rankings based on the field of study of the programs. The same will be done for Italian applicants. A single ranking will be set for programs of the Undergraduate School and another ranking will be set for programs of the Law School. The assignment will be made by proceeding in descending order from the first applicant in the ranking (with the highest score) with the attribution of the first-choice program (until the available places are exhausted) or possibly to the second, third, and fourth choice (always until the available places are exhausted). Therefore, points gained in the ranking give admission, not the order of program choices. Admission Admitted applicants will receive a conditional offer , whose validity is confirmed only under the following conditions : submission of the enrollment application within the set deadlines fulfillment of the requirements stated in the admission result Failure to satisfy even one of the above-mentioned conditions by the set deadlines will entail the revocation of the admission and, as a result, the cancellation of the enrollment. PROGRAM CHANGE REQUEST 1. After admission (by the enrollment deadline) After receiving the admission results, you may request a program change during the enrollment phase. Eligibility by Area : A change request is allowed only within the same School as your program of admission (either the Law or Undergraduate School). For example, if admitted to a program of the Law School, you cannot request a transfer to a program of the Undergraduate School, and vice versa. If you have been offered admission in both Schools, you may still submit only one program change request within either the Undegraduate School or the Law School. Single Change Request : You can request a change only once, and it must be for a single program. Program Hierarchy : It is not permitted to request a change to a program listed as a higher preference in your admission application than the one for which you were admitted (e.g., from second choice to first choice, as the evaluation for the higher preference has already been completed and admission was not granted). You may only request a transfer to a program listed in a lower preference or one not previously included in your application. Language Requirements : If you are requesting a change from an Italian-language program to an English-language program, please carefully review how your options for fulfilling the language requirement might change should your request be accepted. Once the request is submitted, it cannot be modified or canceled. Therefore, it is essential to carefully consider the opportunity and your motivations before submitting a request. How to submit your change-of-program request After reviewing the admission outcome, interested applicants must write to admissionsoffice@unibocconi.it by the deadline indicated in the timeline table below, in order to receive instructions from the Admissions Office on how to proceed. The email must be sent personally by the applicant , clearly stating their intentions and including full name and student ID number . Admission session Deadline to send the request via e-mail Program change result Enrollment deadline Early session 20 November 2025 at 23.59 pm (Italian time) By 24 November 2025 (by late afternoon) 26 November 2025 at 3:00pm (Italian time) Winter session 19 March 2026 at 23.59 pm (Italian time) By 24 March 2026 (by late afternoon) 26 March 2026 at 3:00pm (Italian time) Spring session 26 May 2026 at 23.59 pm (Italian time) By 28 May 2026 (by late afternoon) By 29 May 2026 at 3:00pm (Italian time) The possibility to change courses will not be granted automatically but only after an evaluation by the Admissions Office, which will consider various criteria such as the applicant's ranking score, the number of requests received, the courses involved in the change requests, and so on. 2. After enrollment Only for students enrolled in the Early and Winter sessions, there will be an additional opportunity to request a program change. How to submit your change-of-program request The request must be submitted via email to admissionsoffice@unibocconi.it by 7 May 2026 . The outcome of the request will be communicated by mid May . In case of the assignment of financial aid, before submitting a program change request, we encourage you to check with the Fees, Funding & Housing office to assess any potential impact on your financial aid. Criteria for requesting a program change: Eligibility by Area : A change request is allowed only within the same School as your program of enrollment (either the Law or Undergraduate School). For example, if enrolled to a program of the Law School, you cannot request a transfer to a program of the Undergraduate School, and vice versa. If you have been offered admission in both Schools, you may still submit only one program change request within either the Undergraduate School or the Law School. Single Change Request : You can request a change only once, and it must be for a single program. Request repetition : you can't request a change to a program for which you have already received a rejection during the enrollment phase (see paragraph 1 "After admission"). Program Hierarchy : you may only request a transfer to a program listed in a lower preference or one not previously included in your application. You can't request a change to a program listed as a higher preference in your admission application than the one for which you were admitted (e.g., from second choice to first choice, as the evaluation for the higher preference has already been completed and admission was not granted). Language Requirements : If you are requesting a change from an Italian-language program to an English-language program, please carefully review how your options for fulfilling the language requirement might change should your request be accepted. Once submitted, the request cannot be modified or withdrawn at any time. It is therefore essential to carefully evaluate this decision and the reasons for making the request beforehand. The course change request is not granted automatically but will be assessed by the Admissions Office based on several factors, including: the applicant's ranking position, the number of requests received, the specific program involved in the request, etc. The evaluation will be based on the ranking from the selection session in which the applicant was admitted . If the request is accepted , the student will be automatically enrolled in the new program, and instructions will be provided on how to finalize enrollment. If the request is rejected, the student's original enrollment will remain valid. 3. At the end of the first year It will also be possible to request a program change at the end of the first year, following procedures and timelines defined by the academic affairs office. Non Admission Non-admission outcomes depend on a number of factors: performance on the selection test, GPA and study path, places available in the selection round for the programs chosen. Non-admitted candidates can re-apply for the following sessions by submitting a brand new online application via the Bocconi online portal within the set deadlines. At the discretion of the Admissions Committee, in some selection rounds, it is possible to receive a Waiting List result. Applicants in "waiting list" result are in any case considered as NOT admitted. Only in the event of a residual availability of places at the end of the enrollment period, the Admissions Office will get in contact with applicants in waiting list according to the admission ranking order. In the following cases, applicants will not be included in the ranking : if they have not provided one of the accepted selection tests, or if the "test score report" is missing or invalid, resulting in the absence of a required selection element and preventing the candidate from participating in the selection process. if they took the Bocconi test while behaving in a manner not compliant with the Regulations , leading the Admissions Office to cancel the test taken. In such cases, the applicant will subsequently be notified by email with details regarding the cancellation of the test. If the applicant will be under the age of 17 as of 1 September 2026. According to the university's policy, such students cannot be considered for admission or enrollment for the AY 2026/27. Enrollment a.y. 2026-27 Procedure and Timeline In order to confirm your admission to Bocconi University, you have to: pay the first installment - advance payment (€3400.00) complete the enrollment procedure on the online admissions portal within the deadlines indicated in the table here below. Early session Winter session Spring session Results 12 November 2025 (later afternoon) 11 March 2026 (late afternoon) 19 May 2026 (late afternoon) Enrollment By 26 November 2025 at 15.00 (Italian time) 26 March 2026 at 3:00pm (Italian time) 29 May 2026 at 3:00pm (Italian time) All the documents uploaded will be checked in the months following the end of the enrollment. The first installment - advance payment, in compliance to the former article 27 of R.D. 1269/1938, cannot be reimbursed. The reimbursement is only possible under special conditions, indicated in the "Withdrawal from studies and reimbursement of the first installment/advance payment" section. Students already enrolled in a Bocconi BSc program and interested in taking part in the selection process once again have to withdraw before applying in a new round (see section "withdrawal from studies" below). Enrollment requirements and conditions In order to access the Bocconi Bachelor programs, it is strictly necessary to fulfil the requirements and conditions specified in the admissions results as per the list below: Valid secondary school diploma Once you will have received your diploma, by July 2026 you will have to provide it (or by August 2026 in case of British Qualifications curricula). English language requirement This requirement can be fullfilled through: English language certification that is to be provided as soon as you obtain it and in any case by the deadline for enrolling Bocconi English language proficiency test, to be taken on a dedicated platform. Upon completion, a certificate indicating the achieved CEFR level will be issued (further info in the following section). The deadline for submitting the certificate of the Bocconi English language proficiency test confirming the English proficiency level, is 30 June 2026. Appointment of a guardian for students under 18 According to the University policy concerning minor, f or students who will be under 18 years of age as of 1 September 2026, not resident in Italy , and who do not hold an Italian passport, appointing a legal guardian is a mandatory requirement for completing the enrollment process. The appointed guardian must be an adult residing in Italy, immediately available at any time, and fully empowered with legal representation rights. This guardian must remain in effect for all the enrolled students while they are under 18 years old. Guardian details must be submitted by July 2026. Additional details on how to submit your information and all the relevant documentation for the aforementioned purposes will be made available on the Apply2B portal during the enrollment process. Failing to meet this requirement will prevent the completion of the enrollment process and will result in the enrollment being cancelled. The University reserves the right to verify the accuracy and completeness of the submitted documentation and the permanence of the guardian appointment. This policy does not apply to students who will be under the age of 17 as of 1 September 2026 (born after 1 September 2009), as they can't enroll to Bocconi University. English language requirements For enrolling in Bachelor programs taught in English, the following English requirements are accepted: English language certifications issued by external institutions Click here for the list of accepted certifications and their corresponding minimum required scores. Bocconi English language proficiency test with level B2 or higher Alternatively: Status of native speaker (English mother tongue). Citizen from a majority English-speaking country (Australia, Canada, New Zealand, United Stated, United Kingdom) are automatically considered to meet the minimum English language requirement Diplomas awarded in English (i.e. International Baccalaureate Diploma, American High School Diploma, British, Scottish and Irish qualifications, Canadian High School Diploma entirely awarded in English, Baccalauréat Français International (BFI) and European Baccalaureate, Indian diplomas such as CISCE or CBSE) For enrolling in Bachelor programs taught in Italian, the following English requirements are accepted: English language certifications issued by external institutions Click here for the list of accepted certifications and their corresponding minimum required scores. Bocconi English language proficiency test with level B1 or higher Alternatively: Status of native speaker (English mother tongue); Diplomas awarded in English SAT or ACT test or Bocconi Test entirely taken in English; One full year of secondary school abroad in an English-speaking country with admission to the next grade; B1 level of English knowledge demonstrated with a declaration on letterhead paper issued and signed by the School Director. BOCCONI ENGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY TEST The Bocconi online English language test is reserved for students who are already enrolled and who did not submit an English language certification within the deadlines set for enrollment. It is designed to accurately assess students' language skills in accordance with the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR), from levels A1 to C2. The test can be taken online , subject to prior booking and payment through the dedicated platform. Candidates will be required to register their account and enter their Bocconi student ID number as the identification code needed to take the test. Up to three attempts are allowed, each at a cost of €30 . At the end of the test, candidates will be able to download, via their account and within 48 hours , a certificate indicating the CEFR level achieved. This certificate is valid exclusively as an enrolment requirement for Bocconi undergraduate programs and cannot be used for any other purposes (e.g. replacement of curricular exams, program transfer, etc.). Test structure and content The test consists of 60 multiple-choice questions to be completed within 30 minutes , covering the main areas of language competence: Grammar and syntax : questions designed to assess the correct use of grammatical structures (verb tenses, agreement, modal verbs, prepositions). Vocabulary and language use : items aimed at evaluating the ability to understand and select appropriate terms in different contexts. Reading comprehension : questions based on informative or academic texts to assess overall understanding, detail recognition, and inference. Listening comprehension : audio recordings with questions related to everyday conversations and communications. Practical communication : real-life situations (e.g. announcements, short messages, dialogues). The test is adaptive : the level of difficulty of the questions varies according to the candidate's responses, allowing for a more precise and personalized assessment of language proficiency. The test is entirely online and can be taken on a computer , with a stable Internet connection and audio of the device regularly working for the listening section. For optimal performance, candidates are advised to use the most up-to-date versions of compatible browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari) on Windows, macOS, iOS, or Android operating systems. The test will be available exclusively to enrolled students who did not submit an English language certification during the enrollment process. Candidates are considered to be aware of the test instructions and rules of conduct outlined in the document available in the Download section of this page and on the relevant test platform . Bookings are expected to open from mid-February, and the test administration period will run until June. ALTISSIA PLATFORM Additionally, with the aim of providing support for language study and practice, the Altissia platform is made available to all enrolled students . Altissia is an application that gives you access to personalized language courses in English, French, Spanish, German, Italian, and Portuguese, featuring exercises and multimedia resources. This tool is particularly designed for practicing the English language, and its use is recommended to start your courses with adequate support. It also serves as preparation for taking the Bocconi English Language Proficiency Test and fulfilling the English language requirement for enrollment. Transfer students Applicants who have graduated or transferred (as already enrolled) from Italian or foreign universities and do NOT intend to request a career abbreviation through the recognition of previously earned credits , will participate in the selections (in any session), according to the methods identified based on the high school curriculum. In this case, it will not be possible to request recognition of previously acquired credits after admission or enrollment. Candidates who have graduated or transferred (as already enrolled) from Italian or foreign universities and wish to request recognition of credits already earned during other academic paths for a career abbreviation will follow dedicated selection timelines and methods. Find out how to enroll as a transfer student . Withdrawal from studies and reimbursement Withdrawal within 15 October 2026 The following information is valid only for students enrolled in their 1st year of program for the 2025-26 AY (students enrolled in their 2nd year onwards are kindly invited to address the request to the "Academic Affairs Desk". Students who decide to withdraw from Bocconi, within this date, have to send an email to rper@unibocconi.it : declaring the willingness to withdraw attaching passport indicating as a subject: " Withdrawal Name Surname - User ID number ( 33xxxxx ), selection session (Early or Winter or Spring)" in the case of underage students, a copy of the passport of your parent/guardian must be also attached. The Admissions Office will get back via email confirming that your request has been received and giving further instructions on how to complete the withdrawal process. Students already enrolled in a Bocconi undergraduate program may not submit a new application in a subsequent selection round unless they have previously withdrawn from their current enrollment. In the absence of such withdrawal, any application submitted in a subsequent round will be cancelled ex officio and will not be considered; the existing enrollment will remain valid. Reimbursement of the first installment-advanced payment The reimbursement of the first installment-advanced payment is only possible under special conditions. Before requesting the reimbursement, check the conditions and the deadlines for the reimbursement . Withdrawal starting from 16 October 2026 Starting from this date, students are invited to address the request to the "Academic Affairs Desk". Other useful information for non-EU students To finalize your enrollment at Bocconi, if you have a non-EU citizenship, you are required to obtain a student visa and a permit of stay. If you are looking for information on how to apply for and obtain a student visa and a permit of stay, check this webpage on immigration documentation (link available from April 2026). Focus on Concurrent enrollment in two study programs Download area Instructions and rules of conduct - Bocconi English language proficiency test 2026/27 Apply Now Scroll to top Stay in touch Contacts Stay in touch Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Weechat Xiaohongshu/RED Listen to our podcast Spotify Spreaker Apple podcast Bocconi Spheres SDA Bocconi School of Management Egea Alumni B4i - Bocconi for innovation yoU@B Agenda Work at Bocconi Media center BTV TL ON Mobile app yoU@B Campus VR Mobile app yoU@B Bocconi shop © Università Bocconi - Via Sarfatti, 25 Milano - PI 03628350153 Footer Privacy Digital accessibility