Skip to main content What are you looking for? Languages EN IT Menu Close Apply Discover Programs Browse News and Events Giving to Bocconi About Us Overview Organization Quality Assurance Third Mission Ranking International Networks Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability Community Programs Overview Bachelor of Science Master of Science Law Specialized Masters Programs PhD Summer School SDA Bocconi School of Management Faculty and Research Faculty Departments Research Campus Overview Campus VR Virtual Tour Buildings and Classrooms On-Campus Safety and Security Information Security Library & Archives Bocconi Sport Gallery Applying to Bocconi Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education News and Events Hub Overview Events ViaSarfatti25 - Our Magazine Research Dissemination For Current Students Overview Welcome Days Bachelor Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Application and Admissions Campus Life Career Services Fees Funding Guidance for MSc Programs Guide to the University Housing Inclusion, Disabilities and Learning Disorders International Mobility IT Education Center Language Center Library & Archives Student Administration Technology and Information Services Timetables, Calendars and Rooms Courses offered in Academic Programs 2026-2027 a.y. For International Students Overview Prospective students - Before your admission Freshly enrolled students - Before you arrive Freshly enrolled students - When you arrive Current students Incoming Exchange Students For Employers and Partners Overview JobGate: internship and job posting Activating and managing internships Career fairs Bespoke events For Alumni Contact us Login Languages EN IT Close menu Breadcrumb Home Applying to Bocconi Bachelor and Law Programs Application and admissions Online Bocconi test Contacts Online Bocconi test Open share Close Share Close Here you can find all the information about the Bocconi online test for the 2027-2028 academic. Structure, time management and how to prepare for the test Typologies of online Bocconi test There are two types of tests available, based on your program of interest: Bocconi Online Test Bocconi Online Test - Law The first will be valid for applying to any program, while the second can only be used to apply for programs in the legal area (integrated Master of Arts in Law and Global Law). The two tests differ in content and are designed to assess the preparation and skills of applicants in relation to the specific skills required for the economic-business and legal paths. For each test type, you may take up to four test attempts during the period in which the webtesting platform is available. Italian applicants may book the test from July 13, 2026 to April 20, 2027. International applicants may book the test from July 13, 2026 to January 19, 2027. Test structure and subject areas THE ONLINE BOCCONI TEST It consists of 50 multiple-choice questions , designed SAT-oriented, divided in 4 subject areas: Mathematics : 24 questions Reading comprehension : 11 questions Numerical reasoning : 6 questions Critical thinking : 9 questions MATHEMATICS Algebra: - Know how to solve and manipulate algebraic expressions with polynomials, powers, radicals. - Know how to solve and interpret first and second degree equations with one unknown - Given a relation among several quantities, know how to find one as a function of the others - Know how to solve and interpret first and second degree inequalities with one unknown - Know how to solve and interpret first and second degree systems of equations with two unknowns - Know how to solve and interpret first and second degree equations and inequalities containing absolute values Functions: - Know the meaning of the mathematical notation and how to manipulate formulas - Know the concepts of function, inverse function and composition of functions. Know the graphs of the elementary functions (powers, logarithms, exponentials, absolute value). Plane Geometry: - Know how to use the fundamental formulas of the main geometric shapes: Triangle, Circle, Square, Trapezoid, Rhombus. Analytical Geometry: - Know and know how to use the fundamentals of analytical representation of geometry: points and distance between points. - Know and know how to interpret the analytical equations and properties of lines: parallel lines, perpendicular lines, slope of a line, intersection between lines, etc. - Know and know how to interpret the analytical equations and properties of parabolas and circles. Know and know how to interpret the links and the relative positions of a line and a circle/parabola and their equations. Trigonometry: - Know how to use the main identities trigonometric. Know the functions: sin(x), cos(x), tan(x), their inverses, their graphical representations and the applications to right triangles. Sets: - Know how to use di basic elements of set theory: inclusion, union, intersection, complement, cartesian product Logarithms/Exponentials: - Know the meaning of the logarithmic and exponential forms - Know how to solve simple equations, inequalities, even graphical, involving logarithms and/or exponentials - Know and how to interpret the fundamental identities involving logarithms and/or exponentials Discrete Mathematics: - Know the main formulas of combinatorics (permutations, combinations with and without repetitions) know how to apply them to simple problems. - Know how to solve simple counting problems (sum rule, product rule) Numbers: - Know and know how to use the properties of the order in the real numbers set, with relation to the fundamental operations (sum, product, etc.) - Know and know how to use percentage - Know and know how to solve simple problems involving conversions between various units of measures Probability: - Know how to apply the basic properties of probability to solve problems. - Know how to apply the basic properties of a probability measure (probability of union and intersection of events, total probability theorem, conditional probability, Bayes' theorem) Problem solving: - know how to solve simple application problems Statistics: - Know how to derive absolute and relative frequencies, conjoint and conditioned on frequency distributions given in tables or diagrams. - Know the formulas for the main measures of central tendency and dispersion and kwno how to compute them starting from frequency distributions or raw data. READING COMPREHENSION The purpose of these questions is to test reading comprehension and the ability to process the information contained in the text. The passages should be read carefully. Several questions follow the reading. In order to answer correctly, the meaning and information contained in the text needs to be understood: some of these questions test comprehension of explicit information, while others relate to the implicit meaning of the passage as a whole or of some of its parts. NUMERICAL REASONING Advanced knowledge of mathematics is not required to answer these questions, because each time the task will be to solve the problem primarily through reasoning and by paying attention to the data you have been given. When calculations need to be made, these are generally simple, and more often than not, the biggest challenge lies in being able to read a chart or table correctly, understand it and differentiate between information that is critical and information that is superfluous to solving the problem. CRITICAL THINKING "Critical thinking" is the ability to actively and skillfully conceptualize, apply, analyze, summarize and/or assess information. Applicants' ability to understand and interpret the meaning of a text, draw conclusions from it or exclude implications from it based solely on the information it contains (explicitly or implicitly) will be tested. In the first type of question, data and statements will be presented. The applicant will have to choose which statements are true (or false) depending only on the data provided. In the second type of question, a short passage will be presented that includes a number of assertions intended to convey information or convince the reader of an opinion. The passage is followed by an assertion, and the applicant must decide whether this information, based on what is given in the passage, is true, false, or it cannot be deduced from the text because information is missing. ************************************* THE ONLINE BOCCONI TEST - LAW It consists of 50 multiple-choice questions , divided in 5 subject areas: Mathematics : 5 questions Reading comprehension : 11 questions Numerical reasoning : 6 questions Logics and critical thinking : 18 questions Verbal reasoning : 10 questions MATHEMATICS Plane Geometry: - Know and be able to use the fundamental formulas for the main plane figures: triangles, rectangles, squares, trapezoids, circles. Analytical Geometry: - Know and be able to use the basics of analytical geometry representation: points and distances between points. - Know and be able to interpret the analytical equations and properties of lines: parallel lines, perpendicular lines, slope, intersection of lines, etc. Sets: - Know and be able to use the basic elements of set theory: inclusion, union, intersection, complement, Cartesian product. Numbers: - Know and be able to use the ordering properties of real numbers concerning fundamental operations (addition, multiplication, etc.). - Know and be able to use percentages. - Be able to solve simple problems involving various units of measure and conversions between them. READING COMPREHENSION Unlike the passages proposed for the "Online Bocconi test," which involve economic topics (e.g., GDP, deficit, inflation, etc.) and may contain numbers, percentages, and data that must be understood and analyzed to answer correctly, the passages in the "Online Bocconi test - Law" are more discursive and humanistic and may refer to topics such as pedagogy, history, philosophy, geography, etc. NUMERICAL REASONING The questions are similar to those proposed for the "Online Bocconi test" (see above section). LOGIC AND CRITICAL THINKING Some items are of the "data propositions" type; other items will be logic-based, presenting the candidate with a series of initial conditions followed by a question that must be answered using deductive reasoning. VERBAL REASONING One type of question presents the candidate with a brief argument followed by a statement that the candidate must determine is true, false, or not deducible from the given data. Another type of item consists of a short argument followed by a question that the candidate must answer using logical reasoning, such as identifying the assumption, the logical conclusion, logical errors, the statement that most weakens or strengthens the argument, etc. Time management and score assessment The online Bocconi test lasts 75 minutes . The questions are distributed within the test in a mixed way both by difficulty level and by topic. The time for the resolution of each question may vary depending on the type of question. It is important that you work on your time management skills and on your ability to move smoothly from one topic to another as well as on developing a personal strategy that takes into account your areas of strenght and weakeness. Scores are calculated as follows: Right answer: 1 point Missing answer: 0 points Wrong answer: - 0.2 points. For questions of the "critical thinking" area that give only three possible answer options, the penalty will be - 0.33 points Applicants who receive a total score (penalties included) lower than 17 will not be considered in the selection process. In addition, those students who have the Bachelor in Mathematical and Computing Sciences for Artificial Intelligence among their choices, will need to obtain at least 11 points out of 24 in the "Mathematics " area of the Bocconi online test to be considered for that program. Support for students with disabilities and learning disorders Based on Italian regulations in force (Law 17/1999 and 170/2010) and CNUDD (Conferenza Nazionale Universitaria dei Delegati per le Disabilità) guidelines, Bocconi University is committed to offer the best tailor- made solutions to support applicants with disabilities (temporary or permanent) or learning disorders (e.g. dyslexia, dyscalculia) in taking the Bocconi test. Further information are available on the webpage dedicated to students with disabilities/learning disorders . How to prepare for the test The University provides students interested in taking the Bocconi online test with a range of preparation tools designed to help them learn about the subject areas covered, practice answering questions and become familiar with the test format: TEST STRUCTURE AND SUBJECT AREAS The dedicated section of this page provides information about the subject areas and topics that may be covered in the test, allowing students to assess which knowledge and skills they may need to strengthen before taking it. THE FACULTY APP The Faculty app allows students to practice with questions grouped by subject and topic, available at any time directly on their device. Students can practice across all subject areas or focus on specific topics, tailoring their preparation to their individual needs. Download for iOS or download for Android . ONLINE TEST SIMULATION The online simulation allows students to take a timed test in an environment that replicates the structure and format of the Bocconi online test . It consists of 50 questions to be completed in 75 minutes. Questions are presented sequentially, three per page; once students move on to the next page, they cannot return to the previous one. The remaining time is displayed by a timer. Unlike the Bocconi online test taken for selection purposes, the simulation does not use any monitoring system. At the end, students can also review their performance, including their correct, incorrect and unanswered questions. If you attend a school abroad or an international school in Italy Access the Bocconi online test simulation If you attend an Italian school in Italy, access the simulation from the page dedicated to Italian applicants . Practical information on the Bocconi online test Registering and taking the test THE WEBTESTING PLATFORM The Bocconi Online Test is delivered through a dedicated external webtesting platform, where the test session is audio and video recorded. The Bocconi webtesting platform is available here: https://bocconiwebtesting.giuntipsy.com/ Only applicants who have already obtained their upper secondary school diploma or who will obtain it during the 2026/27 school year (i.e. graduating in July 2027) are eligible to take the Bocconi Online Test. Any applicant who takes the test without meeting these eligibility requirements (for example, students graduating in subsequent school years) will have their test invalidated and will be excluded from future selection rounds. Starting from July 13, 2026 , applicants may register on the webtesting platform, purchase a test attempt and book their preferred test date, provided they do so sufficiently in advance and within the deadlines applicable to the selection round in which they intend to participate. To proceed, follow these steps: 1. APPLICANT CATEGORY Before purchasing the test, applicants must verify their applicant category (Italian or international). The time windows for purchasing, booking and taking the test, the selection rounds and the relevant deadlines differ depending on the applicant category. The profile selected on the webtesting platform automatically determines the available booking windows. 2. WEBTESTING PLATFORM REGISTRATION Register by creating a personal account and correctly selecting your educational background. Once your account has been created, you may log in to the webtesting platform at any time using your credentials. 3. PURCHASING A TEST ATTEMPT Once your account has been created, you may purchase a test attempt. The platform will automatically display the booking windows available for your applicant category: Italian applicants may book the test from July 13, 2026 to April 20, 2027. International applicants may book the test from July 13, 2026 to January 19, 2027. When purchasing a test attempt, you will be asked to select: Test type - Online Bocconi Test or Online Bocconi Test - Law (up to 4 attempts per test type per year). Choose the test according to the area of the degree programme(s) in which you are interested (Business/Economics and/or Law). Multiple test attempts may not be taken on the same day or on consecutive days. Test language - Italian or English The language selected for the test is independent of the language of instruction of the degree program(s) of interest. Test date - The calendar will display only the dates available for your applicant category. For each selection round, the webtesting platform will be closed a few days before the relevant application deadline. Applicants should therefore plan ahead and complete at least one test attempt before the platform closes in order to be eligible to apply for their chosen selection round. By way of example, an international applicant wishing to apply for the Early Session may take one or more Bocconi Online Test attempts until 24 September 2026 (subject to availability and provided that the test is booked at least 48 hours in advance). Similarly, the last available test date for the Winter Session is 21 January 2027 (subject to availability and provided that the test is booked at least 48 hours in advance). The webtesting platform will reopen for the subsequent selection round. A Bocconi Online Test completed in time for the first application round may also be used for the second application round. The last available dates are generally the most requested. Applicants are therefore strongly advised to book their test well in advance. Payment - Choose one of the available payment methods. The registration fee is €60 for each test attempt. 4. PREPARING FOR THE TEST Applicants are required to prepare in advance by reading the document "Instructions and Rules of Conduct" , available at the bottom of this page and on the webtesting platform. By way of example, but not limitation, applicants should: verify the required technical requirements; identify and prepare a suitable room for taking the test; carefully read all the Rules of Conduct. 5. TEST DAY On the day of the test, applicants must access their personal area of the webtesting platform, select "Online Test Access" , note their username and password, and follow the guided procedure provided by the platform that includes: verification of the technical requirements; applicant identification; preliminary room scans and environmental recordings using the smartphone, in accordance with the Instructions and Rules of Conduct ; launch of the lockdown browser; start of the test. At the end of the test, the score will be displayed immediately and applicants will then follow the instructions to exit the platform. 6. TEST RESULT Approximately 48 hours after completing the test, your Test Score Report will be available in your personal area. If you have achieved a score of 17 or higher (the minimum score required to apply), your result will be available for use in your application. 7. APPLY TO YOUR CHOSEN SELECTION ROUND International applicants may participate in the following selection rounds, which differ from those available to Italian applicants (please refer to the dedicated webpage): Early Session (September 2-29, 2026, 3:00 p.m. Italian time) Winter Session (November 25, 2026 - January 26, 2027, 3:00 p.m. Italian time) Applicants requesting recognition of previously earned university credits toward a shortened degree programme must check the dedicated admission session applicable to their applicant category (Italian or international) and book the test within the relevant booking window. Applicants, interested in the HEC-Bocconi Double Degree must check the applicable selection rounds. The booking window for the test remains that applicable to their applicant category (Italian or international). -- IMPORTANT DATES The webtesting platform will NOT be available on the following dates: from August 1 to August 23, 2026 (inclusive) from September 25 to October 13, 2026 (inclusive) from December 7 to December 8, 2026 (inclusive) from December 17, 2026 to January 1, 2027 (inclusive) from January 22 to February 9, 2027 (inclusive) from March 28 to March 29, 2027 (inclusive) Students are strongly advised to plan ahead and complete at least one test attempt before the closure of the webtesting platform in order to submit their application on time. ASSISTANCE To receive assistance during the purchase process, in the event of technical questions before the test or technical issues on the day of the test, applicants must contact the dedicated support service through the form available at support.giuntipsy.com . Technical support is provided exclusively by the dedicated support service of the webtesting platform provider. The "Instructions and Rules of Conduct" document, available in the Downloads section of this page, provides information on how and when to request assistance, as well as the days and hours during which the support service is available. Instructions and rules of conduct To prepare for and take the Bocconi Online Test successfully, it is essential that you carefully read the document "Instructions and Rules of Conduct", available in the Downloads section of this page. Applicants, in accordance with the principle of personal responsibility, are required to comply strictly with the Rules of Conduct. By accessing the test, applicants declare that they have read, understood and fully accepted the provisions of the document. By way of example and without limitation, the document includes information on: the required technical requirements and devices; the Rules of Conduct to be followed; the characteristics of the room in which the test must be taken and how to prepare it correctly; the steps to be completed before, during and after the test in order to start, complete and conclude the test correctly. The document also provides information on the possible invalidation of one or more test attempts and the applicable consequences. Failure to comply with the provisions set out in the "Instructions and Rules of Conduct" may result in the invalidation of one or more test attempts and the application of the relevant measures provided for in the document. Test score report The test score report sums up the performance of your test attempt. It will be available for download in your webtesting platform's personal area, within 48hrs after your test. The test score report includes your total score, subject areas scores, number of correct, wrong, not answered items. It is indeed very useful to review your performance and understand your area of weakness and strengths for your future test attempt(s). On the report, in addition to the scores, the candidate's personal details will be shown along with a REFERENCE NUMBER consisting of 10 alphanumeric characters (example: 27LW3aK1v5) that identifies the test attempt. To take part in the selection with a valid Bocconi Test , among those available to you, you must follow the instructions within the online application to select the test attempt you intend to use . You will not need to upload the certificate. Please note that for the 2027-28 academic year selection, previous test attempts (and related test score reports) from earlier academic years, as well as scores obtained in the "online simulation," cannot be used. Focus on Test: disabilities and LD Privacy policy on online test Download Instructions and rules of conduct AY 2027/28 Apply Now Scroll to top Stay in touch Contacts Stay in touch Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Weechat Xiaohongshu/RED Listen to our podcast Spotify Spreaker Apple podcast Bocconi Spheres SDA Bocconi School of Management Egea Alumni B4i - Bocconi for innovation yoU@B Agenda Work at Bocconi Media center BTV TL ON Mobile app yoU@B Campus VR Mobile app yoU@B Bocconi shop © Università Bocconi - Via Sarfatti, 25 Milano - PI 03628350153 Footer Privacy Digital accessibility