Skip to main content What are you looking for? Languages EN IT Menu Close Apply Discover Programs Browse News and Events Giving to Bocconi About Us Overview Organization Quality Assurance Third Mission Ranking International Networks Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability Community Programs Overview Bachelor of Science Master of Science Law Specialized Masters Programs PhD Summer School SDA Bocconi School of Management Faculty and Research Faculty Departments Research Campus Overview Campus VR Virtual Tour Buildings and Classrooms On-Campus Safety and Security Information Security Library & Archives Bocconi Sport Gallery Applying to Bocconi Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education News and Events Hub Overview Events ViaSarfatti25 - Our Magazine Research Dissemination For Current Students Overview Welcome Days Bachelor Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Application and Admissions Campus Life Career Services Fees Funding Guidance for MSc Programs Guide to the University Housing Inclusion, Disabilities and Learning Disorders International Mobility IT Education Center Language Center Library & Archives Student Administration Technology and Information Services Timetables, Calendars and Rooms Courses offered in Academic Programs 2026-2027 a.y. For International Students Overview Prospective students - Before your admission Freshly enrolled students - Before you arrive Freshly enrolled students - When you arrive Current students Incoming Exchange Students For Employers and Partners Overview JobGate: internship and job posting Activating and managing internships Career fairs Bespoke events For Alumni Contact us Login Languages EN IT Close menu Applying to Bocconi Section Menu Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Master of Science and MA Programs Overview Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Timeline Fees Funding Housing Overview Bligny Residence Bocconi Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Guidance Activities Overview Bocconi Meets... Masterclasses Graduate Open Day Unibuddy Campus visits Specialized Master Programs Overview Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education Close Bachelor and Law Programs Section Menu Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Close Breadcrumb Home Applying to Bocconi Bachelor and Law Programs Fees Contacts Fees Open share Close Share Close Being updated A.Y. 2027-28 Students must pay the entire amount of academic tuition and fees to Bocconi University, on the basis of the deadlines and methods defined by the Fees Funding and Housing Office. The amounts relating to academic tuition and fees do not include any additional necessary or ancillary fees such as, for example, the graduation fee , payment for participation in special programs, payment for certificates for which you are kindly requested to refer to the dedicated website pages. Tuition and fees are due in their full amount from first year of enrollment and for each academic year of enrollment. Throughout the entire legal duration of the degree program , the amounts due for the registration fee and contributions for tuition will be adjusted regarding inflation and any other updates. The pages of Bocconi website and B in Touch are an official publication of the regulation of academic tuition and fees related to BSc, Master of Arts in law, double program HEC-Bocconi and WBB (World Bachelor in Business). Deadlines For students enrolled to first a.y. in 2027-28 in a Bsc or law program, deadlines for the payment of academic tuition and fees are the same for all. Installment A.Y. 2027-28 1st installment - Advance Strictly linked to their enrollment session 1st installment - Adjustment 15/10/2027 2nd installment 31/01/2028 3rd installment 28/04/2028 For students enrolled in years subsequent the first, the deadlines for paying installments of tuition and fees are the same for all students and follow the table indicated below, which may be updated from year to year. Exceptions are made for students enrolled in the WBB (World Bachelor in Business) program, whose first installment - advance will be due by the end of June, and students enrolled in the Hec - Bocconi Double program , whose total amount of university fees and contributions owed to Bocconi will be split into two installments (August 25, 2027 and December 1, 2027). Installment Years subsequent the first 1st installment - Advance 25/08/2027 1st installment - Adjustment 01/12/2027 2nd installment 31/01/2028 3rd installment 28/04/2028 It is advisable to read the pages relating to "Payment deadlines for years subsequent to the first" published on the dedicated pages of the site and/or on BiT and updated in detail for each academic year. Amounts and installments Amounts Throughout the entire legal duration of the degree program , the amounts due for the registration fee and contributions for tuition will be adjusted regarding inflation and any other updates. For 2026-27 a.y., for students enrolled to their first year in a Bachelor of Science or Law programme, tuition and fees at Bocconi are set at € 17,000 per year. The amount for a.y. 2027-28 will be defined soon. If you are need further information for Hec-Bocconi double program in Data, Society and Organization visit this webpage , while for the WBB ( World Bachelor in Business ) you can find more information here . Benefit Amount 20% Partial tuition waiver Soon available 40% Partial tuition waiver Soon available 60% Partial tuition waiver Soon available 80% Partial tuition waiver Soon available The amounts relating to the financial situation of each students enrolled to first academic year will be published in their You@B diary by the deadline foreseen for 1st installment - Adjustment. With reference to years subsequent to the first, please consult the relevant pages which will be published on B in Touch . Installments The amounts and installments indicated in the section Attachments are commensurate with the type of contribution provided for each student and refer to the ordinary tuition and fees and to the main financial aid offered by Bocconi University. For 2027-28 a.y., for students enrolled to their first year in a Bachelor of Science or Law programm, amounts and installments are listed in the section Attachments , while for students enrolled to years subsequent the first in the B in Touch section. it is specified that the 1st installment always includes regional tax, fixed stamp duties, administrative fees and registration fee. Please note: Please note that students transferring from other Universities and enrolled to Bocconi to years subsequent to the first, following the credit recognition procedure, are required to pay tuition and fees based on the year of enrollment. Students wishing to transfer from one Bocconi degree program to another are required to pay the tuition and fees due for the new program, with any adjustments compared to the tuition and fees paid for the program they are changing from. Methods of payment Payments of tuition and fees can be made online by accessing the "Financial situation - Payments" section in the student's You@B diary. The amounts are specified for each single installment. The student finds a red dot next to the amounts due and still unpaid, which turns green after the payment has been registered in the University's administrative system. The payment of University fees must be made with Flywire online system. By clicking on the " Payment code " and then selecting " Flywire button " you will be redirected to the online platform to complete the transaction by credit card, bank account or other payment methods. It is strongly recommended to use this payment method, since the Flywire online system is able to process the transaction within a few minutes, thus significantly reducing system registration times. By using Flywire in the "Financial situation - Payments" section, the sticker corresponding to the payment code will update in a few minutes from red to green, thus quickly guaranteeing the success of the operation. It is specified that exclusively payments in euros, it will also be possible to finalize the transaction through the PagoPa payment tool. This method will be selectable inside the financial situation - payments section within the Punto Blu, once you click on the specific payment code connected to the installment for which you intend to proceed. It is specified that the automatic registration of the payment, through the change of color from red to green, will normally take place within few minutes . In order not to incur penalties for late payment, it is advisable to finalize the transaction in advance of the expiry date. If you need more details on how to make the payment, you can consult our guide available on B in touch . If you do not wish to complete the online payment immediately, you may select the "Pay later" option, which allows you to view and download the PagoPA payment notice for subsequent payment through one of the available channels, such as online banking, payment apps (App IO), bank branches, post offices, or other Payment Service Providers participating in the PagoPA network. Consequences when deadlines are not met Failure to pa y one or more amounts (adjustment or installment) within the established deadlines has different effects depending on the type of missing payment and the year of enrollment : Missed payments for students enrolled in the 1st year and students enrolled in years subsequent to the first ; Consequences in case of late payment in relation to the established deadlines. With the exception of the adjustment of the first installment required for first year students, which cannot be paid late and failure to pay which will result in the cancellation of enrolment, failure to pay all the other installments (second and third of the first year and each installment of the year following the first, therefore also late enrollment in the academic year following the first) may result in the application of a penalty of €100.00 for each payment made late. The penalty fine will be charged and therefore visible in your financial position only the day after the date of registration of the late payment. In the event of payments made late, it is therefore necessary to recheck the "Financial situation - Payments" section in the yoU@B diary to view and proceed with the payment of the penalty. Reimbursement Check the information available here . Consequences in case of disciplinary sanctions Students who, throughout the year, receive a disciplinary sanction of: Temporary ban from one or more courses; Suspension from one or more exams for one or more exam periods are required to pay the amount of academic tuition and fees still due for the academic year in which the sanction is imposed and, should the suspension span through two academic years, also for the following one. Should the suspension entail revocation of a benefit previously assigned, the amount of academic tuition and fees due will be defined in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations concerning revocation of the benefit. For further details on the amounts of academic tuition and fees still due, sanctioned students can refer to the Fees, Funding, and Housing Office. Payments of such amounts will be available directly within the yoU@B Diary. Students who, throughout the year, receive a disciplinary sanction of: Temporary exclusion from the University are required to pay the amount of tuition and fees still due for the academic year in which the sanction is imposed. Should the sanction span through two academic years, sanctioned students are required to pay academic tuition and fees still due for both the academic year in which the sanction is imposed, and the following one. Should the exclusion entail revocation of a benefit previously assigned, the amount of academic tuition and fees due will be defined in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations concerning revocation of the benefit. For further details on the amounts of academic tuition and fees still due, sanctioned students must refer to the Fees, Funding, and Housing Office, as access to the yoU@B Diary - and therefore to their financial position - will be inhibited for the whole period of exclusion. Should the exclusion period cover one whole academic year, students who, at the end of the exclusion, are not enrolled in the following year, can verify with the Fees, Funding, and Housing office the possibility of a gap year, in compliance with the regulation defined for re-enrollment after an interruption of their studies. In case of disciplinary sanctions of temporary exclusion that may have a duration of over a year, the office will automatically apply, at the time of the end of the sanction and consequent re-enrollment in a specific academic year, the regulation defined for re-enrollment after an interruption of their studies for the years of non-enrollment. Graduation fees Students enrolled in the 2027-2028 a.y. who intend to graduate are required to pay, in addition to academic tuition and fees, a graduation fee equal to: 215 euros for Bachelor of Science programs; 365 euros for Integrated Master of Arts and Master of Science programs Starting from the last year of Bachelor of Science/Master of Science programs, the payment related to the graduation fee is also available at Punto Blu. If the fee payment increases between payment and the date of graduation, no extra charge will be made. This payment should be made at least on month before the application to graduate , regardless of the dates of expiration. It is valid for all the graduation sessions held during the current academic year and for the following year. This is in the student's interest. Applications to graduate (through "Punto Blu") will be accepted only if this payment is visible in the student's financial position. Students who have paid the graduation fee and intend to transfer to another university or leave before ending their courses, may submit a reimbursement request. Scroll to top Stay in touch Contacts Stay in touch Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Weechat Xiaohongshu/RED Listen to our podcast Spotify Spreaker Apple podcast Bocconi Spheres SDA Bocconi School of Management Egea Alumni B4i - Bocconi for innovation yoU@B Agenda Work at Bocconi Media center BTV TL ON Mobile app yoU@B Campus VR Mobile app yoU@B Bocconi shop © Università Bocconi - Via Sarfatti, 25 Milano - PI 03628350153 Footer Privacy Digital accessibility