Skip to main content What are you looking for? Languages EN IT Menu Close Apply Discover Programs Browse News and Events Giving to Bocconi About Us Overview Organization Quality Assurance Third Mission Ranking International Networks Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Sustainability Community Programs Overview Bachelor of Science Master of Science Law Specialized Masters Programs PhD Summer School SDA Bocconi School of Management Faculty and Research Faculty Departments Research Campus Overview Campus VR Virtual Tour Buildings and Classrooms On-Campus Safety and Security Information Security Library & Archives Bocconi Sport Gallery Applying to Bocconi Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education News and Events Hub Overview Events ViaSarfatti25 - Our Magazine Research Dissemination For Current Students Overview Welcome Days Bachelor Programs Master of Science and MA Programs Application and Admissions Campus Life Career Services Fees Funding Guidance for MSc Programs Guide to the University Housing Inclusion, Disabilities and Learning Disorders International Mobility IT Education Center Language Center Library & Archives Student Administration Technology and Information Services Timetables, Calendars and Rooms Courses offered in Academic Programs 2026-2027 a.y. For International Students Overview Prospective students - Before your admission Freshly enrolled students - Before you arrive Freshly enrolled students - When you arrive Current students Incoming Exchange Students For Employers and Partners Overview JobGate: internship and job posting Activating and managing internships Career fairs Bespoke events For Alumni Contact us Login Languages EN IT Close menu Applying to Bocconi Section Menu Overview Bachelor and Law Programs Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Master of Science and MA Programs Overview Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Timeline Fees Funding Housing Overview Bligny Residence Bocconi Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Guidance Activities Overview Bocconi Meets... Masterclasses Graduate Open Day Unibuddy Campus visits Specialized Master Programs Overview Specialized Master Programs PhD Programs Summer School Post-Experience Education Close Bachelor and Law Programs Section Menu Overview Timeline Application and admissions Overview Admissions Results and Enrollment Fees Funding Housing Overview Bocconi Residence Bligny Residence Castiglioni Residence Dubini Residence Isonzo Residence Javotte Residence Spadolini Residence Grounds for exclusion - full rate housing a.y. 2026-27 Guidance Activities Overview Open Day Open Classes Bocconi Meets... Campus Visits Other Online Initiatives Unibuddy Close Breadcrumb Home Applying to Bocconi Bachelor and Law Programs Funding Contacts Funding Open share Close Share Close Bocconi4Access to Education a.y. 2027-28 Bocconi has always been committed to making higher education available to all motivated and talented students through a financial aid system, based on both merit and need. The " Bocconi4Access to Education " support scheme aims at promoting access to a plural environment, to an open and accessible university for students who share progress, plurality and inclusion as fundamental values for their personal, cultural and professional growth. Opportunities may vary from year to year based in part on the funds made available by donors to the University. Please find below the funding opportunities available for a.y. 2027-28 . These opportunities offer a different kind of support to families and, in most cases, take into consideration the economic and asset situation of students' families. Each opportunity consists of a full or partial tuition waiver, based on the student's and family's economic needs. We suggest that each family, who considers it appropriate, applies through the single " Bocconi4Access to Education a.y. 2027-28 " application. All applications will be evaluated, and benefits will be allocated until all the available budget has been exhausted. Please visit our dedicated webpage if you are an Italian candidate. Bocconi Access to Education Scholarships Bocconi aims to support deserving students who are willing to invest in their future, even in challenging and potentially constraining economic family conditions. These funding opportunities guarantee a wide coverage of the student's needs, depending on the circumstances: 100% Full tuition waiver 80% Partial tuition waiver 60% Partial tuition waiver Boost Your Future Scholarships Through these Scholarships, Bocconi supports students who, even with their family support, still require significant assistance in addition to their family's investment, that could enable them to pursue their studies without concerns: 40% Partial tuition waiver 20% Partial tuition waiver Benefits foreseen for years subsequent to the first Starting from the second academic year, a number of benefits will be made available exclusively to students enrolled in years subsequent to the first. For details, please check our future publications in the 'enrolled students' area; below are some of the main possibilities offered so far: ISU Bocconi Scholarship application a.y. 2027-28 ; Excellence awards. They refer to full tuition exemptions offered by Bocconi to the most deserving students. International mobility grant . Students who decide to undertake a mobility experience for study abroad will be considered for the assignment of the International mobility grant, which can be awarded thanks to a mix of resources between Erasmus+ funds, ministerial funds and Bocconi's own funds. Tuition waivers based on specific student features Tuition waivers for students with specific features, regardless of the family's financial situation: Women award Tuition waiver for students with disabilities equal or greater than 66% Partial tuition waiver for simultaneously enrolled siblings Support programs for student athletes . Loans Our University, in agreement with major Italian banks, offers its students the possibility to finance their education through student loans, at particularly favorable interest rates with the repayment provision only after entering the job market. Loans ; Direct Loans for US citizens ; Funding by country . MyApplication Access to this link in order to check the applications you already submitted. Remember that for submitting a new application you must refer to the specific webpage on our website, related to the application of your interest. Scroll to top Stay in touch Contacts Stay in touch Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Weechat Xiaohongshu/RED Listen to our podcast Spotify Spreaker Apple podcast Bocconi Spheres SDA Bocconi School of Management Egea Alumni B4i - Bocconi for innovation yoU@B Agenda Work at Bocconi Media center BTV TL ON Mobile app yoU@B Campus VR Mobile app yoU@B Bocconi shop © Università Bocconi - Via Sarfatti, 25 Milano - PI 03628350153 Footer Privacy Digital accessibility