中文 English Home About Us General Introduction Contact Information Application Application Guidance Application Access Program Undergraduate Program Postgraduate Program Non-Degree Program Scholarship Chinese Government Scholarship China Studies Program International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Beijing Government Scholarship for International Students BNU Scholarships FAQ FAQ 常见问题 よくある質問 자주묻는질문 часто задаваемые вопросы Preparation Home About Us General Introduction Contact Information Application Application Guidance Application Access Program Undergraduate Program Postgraduate Program Non-Degree Program Scholarship Chinese Government Scholarship China Studies Program International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Beijing Government Scholarship for International Students BNU Scholarships FAQ FAQ 常见问题 よくある質問 자주묻는질문 часто задаваемые вопросы Preparation BNU Home Chinese Program Undergraduate Program Admission Brochure Major Catalog Postgraduate Program Master's Degree Doctoral Degree Non-Degree Program Chinese Language Program Undergraduate Credit Program (General Advanced Studies Student) Graduate Credit Program (Senior Advanced Studies Student) Scientific Research Program Download Personal Statement Form (Bachelor) Personal Statement Form (Master) Personal Statement Form (PhD) Personal Statement（Scientific Research Program） Program Undergraduate Program Admission Brochure Major Catalog Postgraduate Program Master's Degree Doctoral Degree Non-Degree Program Chinese Language Program Undergraduate Credit Program (General Advanced Studies Student) Graduate Credit Program (Senior Advanced Studies Student) Scientific Research Program Admission Brochure Your location： Home - English - Program - Undergraduate Program - Admission Brochure 202 6 BNU Undergraduate Admission Brochure for International Students Beijing Normal University (BNU) is a comprehensive research university directly administered by the Ministry of Education of China, with a long history and profound cultural heritage. As a key university registered in China's "Project 985" and "Project 211", its comprehensive academic strength ranks top among China's universities. In 2017, BNU was listed in the "Double First-Class" Project, and in 2022, it was selected for the second round of this initiative. I. Majors and Programs There are 40 majors available for international undergraduate students. For detailed information about the majors and programs, please refer to the Major Catalog for Undergraduate International Students . II. Admission Eligibility and Qualifications 1. Applicants should observe the laws and decrees of China as well as the rules and regulations of the university, while respecting the customs and traditions of the Chinese people. Additionally, they should demonstrate good moral character, have no criminal record, and be in good health, enabling them to study and live independently in China. 2. Applicants should be non-Chinese citizens with valid foreign passports, between the ages of 18 to 40 (Date of Birth is after August 31, 1986). Applicants under the age of 18 as of September 1, 2026, must have a guardian in China. 3. With both or one of the parents being Chinese citizens and residing outside China, the applicant who acquired a foreign nationality at birth shall hold a valid foreign nationality certificate for at least 4 years before applying. In addition, the applicant's record of at least 2 years of actual residence abroad during the last 4 years must be provided (from April 30, 2022 to April 30, 2026). The actual residence of more than 9 months in a year can be counted as one year subject to the date on the entry and exit stamp. For residents of mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan who immigrated to foreign countries and are applying as international students, also follow the requirements above. 4. Applicants should have a certificate equivalent to a Chinese high school graduation certificate or above. 5. Applicant's Chinese proficiency must meet the requirements of the majors applied for. For details, please refer to the Major Catalog for Undergraduate International Students . III. Application Time 1. Online Application: November 15, 2025 - March 15, 2026 2. Paper application documents: After passing the initial review, applicants must mail the paper application documents as soon as the application pass the initial review as required. If paper application documents are not sent within the time, BNU will terminate the review and admission process. To ensure the materials are delivered on time, please use EMS or SF-Express for mailing within China and use EMS, DHL, FedEx or UPS for mailing outside China. IV. Application Procedure 1. Online Application Register at Beijing Normal University Online Application System for International Students ( https://international.bnu.edu.cn ). After logging in, choose the "Online Application" - "Undergraduate Student" option, fill in the form, and upload all application materials according to the requirements of Part V. Applicants can apply for two majors. 2. Paying the Application Fee The application fee is 500 RMB, which should be paid online after submitting the application. Please note that applications will not be processed unless the application fee is paid. The application fee is not refundable. 3. Mailing Paper Application Materials Applicants need to mail the paper application materials according to the instructions of Part V to the Admission Office (International Students), Beijing Normal University. 4. Take the exams. For detail please refer to Part VI. V. Application Materials 1. The original " Beijing Normal University International Undergraduate Students Application Form " . Applicants can download and print the application form from the BNU online application system. 2. The original document of notarized or the authenticated high school graduation certificate. Graduated applicants should provide the original document of a notarized or authenticated high school graduation certificate. Applicants who apply before graduation should provide the original expected graduation certificate, and bring the original or the notarized high school graduation certificate at the registration. The International Student Office will verify the material. Applicants who fail to provide the materials mentioned above will have their admission revoked. 3. The original/notar ized / authenticated transcript of each year and all courses in high school. 4. Valid China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) Report. Please refer to the Major Catalog for Undergraduate International Students to see which subjects in CSCA are required for applying each specific major at Beijing Normal University. 5. Photocopies of HSK Certificate and transcript . The exam date on the HSK certificate should be no earlier than November 1, 2023. For those applying for the "Chinese as a Second Language" major and "Teaching Chinese to Speakers of Other Languages" major, a minimum score of 180 in HSK Level 4 is required; for other majors, a minimum score of 180 in HSK Level 5 is required. 6. A letter of recommendation from a teacher, head teacher, or school leader of the high school. It has no fixed format, but signature of the referee is required. 7. Personal Statement. Please download the format from the BNU online application system. Print and fill out the form in Chinese. The personal statement should be handwritten; print version will not be accepted. 8. Photocopy of the Passport page of personal information . The passport should not expire before March 31, 2027. If applicants have a visa to China, please provide a copy of the recent visa page . Applicants who are currently in China should provide a copy of the valid Foreigner's Residence Permit of the People's Republic of China . 9. The Certificate of Non-Criminal Record or Letter of Commitment . 10. Applicants who meet requirements in the Article 3 of Part II "Admission Eligibility and Qualifications" should also provide the following materials: (1) Copies of page with entry and exit stamp in the last 4 years (April 30, 2022 - April 30, 2026). Please sort by chronological order, scan, and combine as a PDF or Word file to submit and prepare the original documents for future reference. (2) Residents of mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan who have emigrated to other countries and obtained foreign nationality after immigration, in addition to the materials mentioned above, should also provide a foreign certificate of naturalization, proof of their renunciation of Chinese nationality and cancellation of original Chinese household registration certificate. 11. Original notarized certificate of guardian . Applicants under the age of 18 by September 1, 2026, must submit the original notarial certificate of guardian issued by the local notary office. If applicants apply for a major taught on the Beijing Campus, a notarized certificate of guardian in Beijing must be provided. If applicants apply for a major taught on Zhuhai Campus, a notarized certificate of guardian in Guangdong province must be provided. 12. (Optional) Photocopies of other supplementary materials and certificates, such as award certificates, standardized test scores, and other relevant documents, should be scanned and combined into a single PDF or Word file for upload. 13. Applicants who apply for the Chinese Government Scholarship should also provide the following materials: (1) Application Form for Chinese Government Scholarship. You can download and print the application form from the CSC application system. (2) Photocopy of Foreigner Physical Examination Form filled in English. The original should be kept by the applicant. This form is uniformly printed by the Chinese health and quarantine authorities. The physical examinations must cover all of the items in the checklist of the Foreigner Physical Examination Form. Incomplete records or those without the signature of the attending physician, the official stamp of the hospital, or a sealed photograph of the applicants are invalid. Please choose the appropriate time to take a medical examination as it is valid for only 6 months . Note: *All submitted documents should be in Chinese or English; Non-Chinese nor English materials must be provided with an original notarized translated version. * The University keeps the right to require additional materials from the applicants. * The application will not be processed if the application fee is not paid, or the submission of online or paper materials is incomplete. * All submitted materials will not be returned. * The applicant shall guarantee that the application information and materials provided are true and accurate. If Beijing Normal University discovers a violation, it reserves the right to revoke admission. Those who have been enrolled will have their student status canceled. VI. Entrance Examination Arrangements The Entrance Examination includes written exam and interview. 1. Written Exam: Applicant must attend the China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) held by the China Scholarship Council. For CSCA test arrangements, please refer to the CSCA website: www.csca.cn . The required CSCA test subjects for applicants are detailed in the Major Catalog for Undergraduate International Students . After the CSCA results are released, you need to submit your CSCA Report to BNU's application system. 2. Interview Interview will be held by BNU. Applicants applying for two majors will have to take the interviews of both majors. Notice for the interview will be sent by application system and e-mail, please pay attention to the email registered for the application system. VII. Rules of Admission Starting from June 2026, the admission office will notify applicants of the admission result through the application system and e-mail. For enrollment, students who are admitted must register in accordance with the requirements of the Admission Letter and other admission documents on time. BNU prohibits admitted students from being enrolled in two or more institutions simultaneously. VIII. Duration and Tuition Fee The duration of the Bachelor's degree program is 4 years (full-time), and the language of instruction is Chinese. Tuition Fee for Humanities and Social Sciences majors: 12,400 RMB per semester, 24,000 RMB per academic year. Tuition Fee for Science, Engineering, and Arts majors: 14,250 RMB per semester, 27,700 RMB per academic year. Please refer to the Major Catalog for Undergraduate International Students for full details. IX. Scholarship In order to encourage and support excellent applicants to study at BNU, the University offers the following scholarships. 1. BNU New International Students Scholarship 2. BNU "Silk Road Muduo" Scholarship 3. Beijing Government Scholarship for International Students 4. Chinese Government Scholarship 5. International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship For applications for Chinese Government Scholarships, please refer to the website of the China Scholarship Council ( https://www.campuschina.org ) or contact the cultural and educational departments of the local Chinese embassy. For applications for the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship, please refer to the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship website ( https://cis.chinese.cn ) or contact the local Confucius Institute, Confucius Classroom, or other recommended institutions. Applicants shall pay attention to the application system and email for the results relating to scholarship s . X. Accommodations and Visa Application 1. Beijing Campus (1) On-Campus Accommodation The international student dormitories at Beijing Normal University provide single rooms, double rooms, and other room types. Please refer to the website of the International Students Office of Beijing Normal University ( http://iso.bnu.edu.cn/ "Study & Life" column - dormitory introduction). After receiving the electronic Admission Notice, please log in to the https://bnu.17gz.org/ and book the international student dormitory online from 9:00 a.m. on July 1, 2026, to 12:00 p.m. on August 15, 2026. Students who have been granted the Chinese Government Full Scholarship and the International Chinese Teacher Scholarship do not need to book the dormitory. It will be arranged by the university. (2) Off-Campus Accommodation In accordance with Chinese relevant laws and regulations, new students living off-campus must go through the accommodation registration procedures at the local police station within 24 hours of moving in. New students living off-campus should submit the Off-Campus Residence Application and signed Off-Campus Residence Commitment Form to the International Student Office. (3) Visa Admitted applicants should apply for an X1 visa at the Chinese embassy or consulate in their home country with the printed "Admission Notice" and "Foreign Student Visa Application Form" (JW201/202). For more information, please visit the International Student Office website ( http://iso.bnu.edu.cn ) "Study & Life"- Visa, or send an email to the International Student Office ( isp@bnu.edu.cn ). 2. Zhuhai Campus (1) On-campus Accommodation Dormitory assignments will be arranged by Phoenix School on the Zhuhai Campus. The fee is 7,500 RMB per person per year. (2) Visa Accepted candidates should apply for an X1 visa at the Chinese embassy or consulate in their home country with the printed "Admission Notice" and "Foreign Student Visa Application Form" (JW201/202). For more information, please visit the International Student Office website ( http://iso.bnu.edu.cn ) "Study & Life"- Visa, or send an email to the International Office of Zhuhai campus ( zhuhai_iso@bnu.edu.cn ). XI. Contact Information of Admission Office Mailing Address: Admission Office (International Students), Beijing Normal University A103, Main Building, No. 19 Xinjiekouwai Street, Haidian District Beijing, China 100875 Tel: 0086-10-5880-5563 Email address: bk@bnu.edu.cn Attention: 1. All the dates and times listed above adhere to the China Standard Time (GMT+8). 2. For information on undergraduate admission of international students, please refer to the latest notices on the official website of Admission of International Students of Beijing Normal University ( https://admission-is.bnu.edu.cn ). 3. The final interpretation of this brochure belongs to the Admission Office of Beijing Normal University. 4. In the event of the adjustment of relevant policies of the Ministry of Education and other Ministries or Departments, applicants shall follow the new regulations after such adjustments as the latest notice demonstrates so. (This Admission Brochure is available in Chinese and English. If there is a discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.) Notice & Announcement 2026 HSK Calendar officially released 2025-10-27 For Inquiries Regarding Registration, Visa, Accommodation, Insurance 2025-07-15 Notice Regarding 2025 Admission Brochure and Application Period of Postgraduate Program 2024-11-18 Notice Regarding 2025 BNU Undergraduate Admission Brochure for International Students 2024-11-12 Notice Regarding 2023 Admission Brochure and Application Period of Undergraduate Program 2022-11-20 Copyright© Admission Office of Beijing Normal Univeristy. All rights reserved.