S I N C E 1 3 9 8 2026 Fall Admission Guide for Int'l Students | Undergraduate | 2027 Spring Undergraduate| | 202 7 S p r i n g Admission Guide for International Students ※ Some parts of admission schedule could be changed depending on the circumstances of our university. ※ Please check the finalized admission guide before making application at SKKU admission(https://admission-global.skku.edu/eng) homepage. ※ The Korean version of the Admission Guide will be the main reference for all information in case of any mistranslation in the English version 2027 CONTENTS 1. Admission Overview and Key Information 03 2. Admission Units 04 3. Admission Requirements 0 9 4. Evaluation Method 1 1 5. Admission Schedule 1 2 6. Required Documents 1 3 7. Precautions 2 2 8. Enrollment 2 6 9. Application Fee 2 6 10. International Students Scholarship 2 7 11. Contact 3 0 Forms Forms 1. | Application Sample Forms 2. | List of Submitted Documents Sample Forms 3. | Letter of Consent Forms 4. | Confirmation Document Attachment | Personal Statement Key Changes in the 202 7 S p r i n g Undergraduate lnt ' l Students Admission • Specification of the Method for Reflecting School Violence Disciplinary Records No . 1 : 10 % deduction from the total score / Nos . 2 to 9 : total score will be treated as zero • Establishment of the Sungkyun Language Institute Excellence Scholarship ( For details , please refer to p . 2 7 .) Evaluation Method • 100 % based on document evaluations : Comprehensive evaluatlon of academic ability ( high school grades , other achievements . etc .) , Admission Requirement • ( As of application date ) Non Korean students whose parents are both non Koreans Admission Schedule Category 1 st Round 2 nd Round Application ( Online ) 10 : 00 , A u g . 1 2 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , A u g . 2 1 ( Fri ) , 2026 10 : 00 , N o v . 4 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , N o v . 1 3 ( F r i ) , 2026 Document Submission ( Postal / Visiting ) A u g . 1 2 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , S e p . 4 ( F r i ) , 2026 Based on the arrival of documents to the Office of International Student Services N o v . 4 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , N o v . 2 7 ( Fri ) , 2026 Based on the arrival of documents to the Office of International Student Services Admission Announcement O c t . 2 3 ( F r i ) , 2026 J a n . 8 ( F r i ) , 202 7 Beginning of Semester M a r . 1 ( Mon ) , 202 7 Address of Document Submission Address Postal Code 03063 서 울 특 별 시 종 로 구 성 균 관 로 25 2 ( 명 륜 동 3 가 53 ) 성 균 관 대 학 교 국 제 관 2 층 외 국 인 유 학 생 지 원 팀 ( 90213 호 ) Office of International Student Services ( # 90213 ) , International Hall , 25 2 , Sungkyunkwan ro , Jongno gu , Seoul , Korea ( 03063 ) Recipient 학 사 과 정 외 국 인 특 별 전 형 담 당 자 International Undergraduate Admissions 1 . Admission Overview and Key Information SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 03 1. Admission Overview and Key Information ※ Method of reflecting school violence disciplinary records : No. 1 - 10% deduction from the total score / Nos. 2 to 9 - total score will be treated as zer • C h a n g e s t o A d m i s s i o n U n i t E x p l o r a t o r y S t u d i e s : Applicants may apply only through the Korean Track , and only re applicants with the Preliminary Admission Offer are eligible to apply . Establishment and Revision of Freshmen Scholarships Changes to the selection criteria and scholarship benefits of the SKKU Global Leader Scholarship ( For details , please refer to p . 2 8 .) l anguage proficiency ( Korean language proficiency , etc .) , and extra curricular activities ( volunteer work , awards , attendance , etc .) o ※ Enrollment will take place in January 2027. Detailed information will be announced later in the Admitted International Student Guide Application Track • Korean Track : Admission unit that requires Korean proficiency • English Track : Admission unit that requires English proficiency Admission Units of Korean Track Campus Category Admission Unit Department / Majors Admission Period ( 202 7 ) Admission Quota Spring Fall Humanities & Social / Natural Sciences Campus (integration) Affiliated College Exploratory Studies All admission units for recruiting international students But , it is unable to select the majors that a r e not recruited * e . g . School of Medicine & Pharmacy , College of Education , Department of high tech Converge nce ( Department of Semiconductor Convergence Engineering , Department of Quantum Information Engineering , Department of Energy Science ) , Department of Contracts ( Department of Semiconductor Display Engineer in g , Department of Intelligent Software ) , Department of Physical and Art , D epartment of Architecture ( 5 year ) , D e p a r t m e n t o f O X Optimal number determined by each admission unit Humanities & Social Sciences Campus Affiliated College Humanities Confucian and Oriental Studies, Korean Language and Literature, English Language and Literature, French Language and Literature, Chinese Language and Literature, German Language and Literature, Russian Language and Literature, Korean Literature in Classical Chinese, History, Philosophy, Library and Information Science O O Social Sciences Public Administration, Political Science and Diplomacy, Media and Communication, Sociology, Social Welfare, Psychology, Consumer Science, Child Psychology and Education, Economics, Statistics O O 2. Admission Units SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 04 2. Admission Units ( y l n o e r s t n a c i l p p a w h t i e h t y r a n i m i l e r P n o i s s i m d A r e f f O e r a e l b i g i l e o t y l p p a ) Human Science an d Society Campus Category Admission Unit Department / Majors Admission Period ( 202 7 ) Admission Quota Spring Fall Humanities & Social Sciences Campus Department Business Administration O O Optimal number determined by each admission unit Film·Television and Multimedia O O Theatre O X Fashion Design O O Natural Sciences Campus Affiliated College Natural Sciences Biological Sciences, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Food Science and Biotechnology, Bio-Mechatronic Engineering, Integrative Biotechnology O O Engineering Chemical Engineering, Advanced Materials Science and Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Civil/Architectural Engineering and Landscape Architecture, Systems Management Engineering, Nano Engineering O O Department Computer Science and Engineering O O Electronic and Electrical Engineering O O Architecture ( 5 year curriculum ) O X Sport Science O O • Affiliated College : When freshmen promoted to the second year , his / her major ( department ) is decided among the departments established in each affiliated college ( admission unit ) based on the preferences , academic performance ( GPA ) of the first year and satisfaction of the requirements for selecting the major • The above admission units may be subject to change due to the establishment , integration , or reorganization of majors / departments • Recuritment only for the Spring semester ( Admission in March ) : Exploratory Studies , Department of Theatre , Department of Architecture ( 5 year curriculum ) • Departments certified by the Accreditation Board for Engineering Education of Korea ( ABEEK ) : Chemical Engineering , Advanced Materials Science and Engineering , Mechanical Engineering , Civil / Architectural Engineering and Landscape Architecture , Systems Management Engineering , Electronic and Electrical Engineering SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 05 2. Admission Units ※ ※ ※ Important Notes for Korean Track Applicants ※ ※ ※ Language Proficiency Certificate Acquisition ( TOPIK , TOPIK IBT ) • Affiliated College recruitment ( Exploratory Studies ) : When advancing to the sophomore year and selecting a major , it is mandatory to meet the language require ments below according to the track of the chosen major . Korean Track D e p a r t m e n t : TOPIK ( TOPIK IBT ) level 4 or above when selecting the major before being promoted to sophomore year . English Track : IELTS 6 . 5 or TOEFL iBT 4 . 5 ( 80 for tests taken before Jan 21 , 2026 ) or above when selecting the major before being promoted to sophomore year . ※ Regardless of the language track at the time of admission , students of Exploratory Studies are free to select a major just based on whether they meet the above language requirements , even if it is from a different track , before being promoted to sophomore year . • Affiliated College recruitment ( Affiliated College of Humanities , Social Sciences , Natural Sciences , Engineering ) : It is mandatory to submit TOPIK level 4 or above when selecting the major before promotion into sophomore year . • Department recruitment : It is mandatory to submit TOPIK level 4 or above in order to take major courses in the sophomore year • Graduation Requirement ( for Korean Track students ) : Submission of TOPIK level 5 or above . * However , some requirements may differ depending on the department SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 06 2. Admission Units / M a j o r s D e p a r t m e n t / M a j o r s Admission Units of English Track Campus Category Admission Unit Admi ssion Period ( 202 7 ) Admission Quota Spring Fall Optimal number determined by each admission unit Humanities & Social Sciences Campus Department Global Economics O X Global Business Administration O X Human Science and Society O Natural Sciences Campus Chemical Engineering O Advanced Materials Science and Engineering O Mechanical Engineerin g O Nano Engineering O Department Computer Science and Engineering O O Biomedical Engineering O X • E n g i n e e r i n g * ( E n g l i s h T r a c k ) : After admission through the Affiliated College , students will automatically enter their r o j a m / t n e m t r a p e d d e t c e l e s t a e h t e m i t f o a d m i s s i o n n o i t a c i l p p a upon advancing to the second year • • Recuritment only for the Spring semester ( Admission in March ) : Global Economics , Global Business Administration , Biomedical Engineering SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 07 2. Admission Units O O O O O The above admission units may be subject to change due to the establishment , integration , or reorganization of majors / departments Affiliated College Engineering * ※ ※ ※ Important Notes for Applicants of English Track ※ ※ ※ • English Track students are not required to obtain the Korean Language Proficiency ( TOPIK , TOPIK IBT ) score as a requirement for major placement , course registration for major courses , or graduation Department / Majors Multiple Majors • Student can major in multiple majors (up to 3 majors in total) • Departments not available for multiple majors (among admission units accepting international students) : Global Economics , Global Business Administration , Biomedical Engineering • Departments accepting limited number of students : Business Administration , Economics , Statistics , C o m p u t e r S c i e n c e a n d E n g i n e e r i n g , International Trade and Policy ( Interdisciplinary ) , Entrepreneurship & Innovation ( Interdisciplinary ) • Departments accepting students after evaluation (among admission units accepting international students) : Film‧Television and Multimedia, Theatre, Fashion Design, Architecture *Please check the details every semester at SKKU homepage Connected Major • Programs combined more than 2 different majors (available for multiple majors) Campus College Interdisciplinary Program Humanities & Social Sciences Campus Academy of East Asian Studies Korean Studies (International students only) College of Liberal Arts Comparative Culture, Japanology, Glocal Culture Contents, Humanistic Future Studies, Interdisciplinary Linguistics, Classics College of Social Sciences Public Interest and Law College of Economics International Trade and Policy School of Business Entrepreneurship & Innovation Natural Sciences Campus College of Information and Communication Engineering Advanced Semiconductor Engineering College of Computing and Informatics Convergence software College of Biotechnology and Bioengineering Comprehensive BioInformatics and Omics SKKU Institute for Convergence Energy Science SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 0 8 2. Admission Units Admission Requirements Category Details Nationality • (As of application date) Non-Korean students whose parents are both non-Koreans • Applicant and the applicant's parents must not hold Korean nationality, including dual nationalities. • If the applicant or parents abandoned the Korean citizenship, the applicant and parents must meet both conditions ①, ② below and submit supporting documents : ① Both applicant and parents must acquire foreign nationalities before the applicant began high school education ( Documents indicating the date of acquisition of foreign nationality must be submitted, and an official translation and notarization of the original are required) ② Applicant and parents must be in the status of not having Korean nationalities before the application. ( Submission of the abandonment of nationality certificate with the date of both the applicant and parents is required) ※ Documents of the applicant and parents certifying ①, ② must be submitted • As of application date, applicants with Korean nationality (due to the naturalization of their parents) cannot apply for undergraduate international student admission • If it is impossible to submit all the parents' documents due to specific reasons (e.g. divorce, remarriage, death, etc.) , certificates issued by the government proving such reasons must be submitted. (Please check out p . 1 4 for details ) ※ e.g. Divorce certificate, Single-parent family certificate, Death certificate, etc ※ If an applicant's father or mother of a foreign national with parental rights or custody remarries with Korean, the applicant cannot apply for undergraduate international student admission, regardless of whether or not the re married party adopts a foreign national child. • If at least one of the parents resides in Korea, it is mandatory to submit the Certificate of Alien Registration (외국인등록사실증명) . Certificate of Alien Registration must be issued under the name of each parent and applicant respectively ※ In the case of holding the Overseas Korean Resident Card ( 국내거소신고증 ) as the ID card (s) issued in Korea, additional submission of the Certificate of Domestic Residence Report ( 국내거소신고사실증명 ) is required. Academic • Applicants who graduated from high school ( or expected to graduate before M a r . 2 0 2 7 ) ※ Qualification examinations and programs such as GED, home schooling, cyber schooling, or other high school equivalency certificates are not regarded as high school diploma 3. Admission Requirements SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 3. Admission Requirements 0 9 Category Details Linguistic Ability • At least one of the language requirements must be fulfilled before the document submission deadline ※ Language test scores must be valid at the time of submission Track Linguistic Requirement Korean Track • Applicant with Korean Language proficiency documents[Select among ① ~ ③] ① Original copy of Korean Language Proficiency Test (TOPIK, TOPIK IBT) score report ② Original copy of Korean language course transcript and completion certificate from Sungkyun Language Institute or other universities' language institutes in Korea ※ Class attendance must be included in the completion certificate or the transcript ③ Original copy of Korean language course completion certificate from King Sejong Institute (except for online course completion) • Applicants without the Korean Language Proficiency documents : Candidate who does not have any type of Korean Language Proficiency documents mentioned above are also ABLE to apply (as 'Candidate with preliminary admission offer') • Prize winner (above 3rd place) of the Sungkyun Korean Writing Contest for high school students (Additional points are given) • Graduates (or expected) who have completed all courses (high school 1 st to 3 rd grade, Grade10~12) at high schools located in Korea are exempted from submitting the Korean language proficiency documents (transcript of TOPIK, TOPIK IBT, etc.) English Track • Original official English proficiency test (TOEFL iBT, IELTS, TEPS, TOEIC, etc.) score report ※ Copies of report cards are required regardless of score reporting status ※ Website and login information (ID, PW) for result verification must be provided (written) on the bottom left side of the score report • Applicants who ① are nationals of a country where English is a native or official language , o r ② submit documentary proof of completion o r graduation f r o m all years of middle and high school education in that country , are exempt from submitting the a f o r e mentioned official English proficiency test scores ( based on the standards of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Korea ) ※ Proof of Completion Documents : Official documents that clearly indicate the period of enrollment ( date of admission and date of graduation ) and the grade level ( and semester , if applicable ) for all years of middle and high school ※ If it is impossible to issue the document above due to school policy , etc ., the document can be replaced with the transcript that clearly states enrollment period , or the official verification document from the school with the school seal and the issued date ※ Documents must contain the Apostille or consular confirmation of Korean Embassy ( Documents missing Apostille or consular confirmation of Korean Embassy cannot be accepted ) ※ Unspecified details follow the interpretation of SKKU SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 0 3. Admission Requirements Evaluation Method • 100% based on document evaluation : Comprehensive evaluation of academic ability (high school grades, other achievements, etc.), language proficiency (Korean language proficiency, etc.), and extra-curricular activities (volunteer work, awards, attendance, etc.) • Although the Korean track applicant fails to meet the required Korean language proficiency, the applicant may get 'preliminary admission offer' when judged as eligible after the evaluation. • The candidate with 'preliminary admission offer' will be evaluated finally as a successful candidate when the candidate re-applies for the same admission unit within 2 years after acquiring TOPIK (including TOPIK IBT) level 4 or above, or completing Sungkyun Language Institute level 4 course or above (If the candidate has no reason for disqualification at the time of reapplication) . • Additional candidates may be admitted depending on the enrollment results. 4. Evaluation Method SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 1 4. Evaluation Method ※ Method of reflecting school violence disciplinary records : No. 1 - 10% deduction from the total score / Nos. 2 to 9 - total score will be treated as zero Admission Schedule | Precautions • All the date and time mentioned on the Admission Guide is based on Korean Standard Time. • Application submission is due on the last day of the application at 17:00 ※ Modifications and edits are not available once submitted. • All documents must be arrived at the Office of International Student Services by the deadline, and applicants who fail to submit documents on time may face disadvantages. • It is impossible to modify or withdraw application after the payment. ※ Explanaition regarding Preliminary Admission Offer • Applicants who receive a preliminary admission offer as a result of their initial application to our university will be issued a Preliminary Admission Offer Certificate • When reapplying to our university for the same admission unit stated on the Preliminary Admission Offer Certifi cate, the application fee will be reduced to the reapplication fee. In addition, applicants who submit a TOPIK Level 4 or higher score report or a Certificate of Completion (Level 4 or higher) from the Sungkyun Language Institute along with the academic transcript will be granted final admission • If an applicant applies to an admission unit different from that stated on the Preliminary Admission Offer Certifi cate, the existing preliminary admission offer will be nullified, and the applicant will be processed as a new applicant; in such cases, the application fee will not be reduced Address of Document Submission ※ Details at Page 1 3 Address Postal Code 03063 서울특별시 종로구 성균관로 25-2 (명륜동 3가 53) 성균관대학교 국제관 2층 외국인유학생지원팀 (90213호) Office of International Student Services (#90213) , International Hall, 25-2, Sungkyunkwan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, Korea (03063) Recipient 학사과정 외국인 특별전형 담당자 International Undergraduate Admissions ※ After completing the online application, all paper documents must be submitted by offline mail, please write down the recipient as above. If the recipient's information is written incorrectly, it may result in the misdelivery of the document, causing inconvenience and potential disadvantages to the applicant. ※ SKKU does not provide any information about the arrival of the documents, please contact the postal company if necessary. 5. Admission Schedule SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 2 5. Admission Schedule Category 1 st Round 2 nd Round Application ( Online ) 10 : 00 , A u g . 1 2 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , A u g . 2 1 ( Fri ) , 2026 10 : 00 , N o v . 4 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , N o v . 1 3 ( F r i ) , 2026 Document Submission ( Postal / Visiting ) A u g . 1 2 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , S e p . 4 ( F r i ) , 2026 Based on the arrival of documents to the Office of International Student Services N o v . 4 ( W e d ) ~ 17 : 00 , N o v . 2 7 ( Fri ) , 2026 Based on the arrival of documents to the Office of International Student Services Admission Announcement O c t . 2 3 ( F r i ) , 2026 J a n . 8 ( F r i ) , 202 7 Beginning of Semester M a r . 1 ( Mon ) , 202 7 Documents(Mandatory) Documents Note Application • Print and submit after completing the online application • Please submit the Letter of Consent with the candidate's siginature after completing the online application List of Submitted Documents Letter of Consent Copy of Passport • Copy of applicant's and parents' passport (Colored) ※ Replaceable documents : Copy of alien registration card, Certificate of Nationality, Translated and notarized ID card issued in one's own country (If the ID card is written in English, a color copy of it should be submitted along with notarization) ※ Only passports or foreign identification cards, which are valid as of the application date, will be accepted ※ In the case of holding the Overseas Korean Resident Card ( 국내거소신고증 ) as the ID card (s) issued in Korea, additional submission of the Certificate of Domestic Residence Report ( 국내 거소신고사실증명 ) is required. • If at least one of the parents resides in Korea, it is mandatory to submit the Certificate of Alien Registration (외국인등록사실증명) . Certificate of Alien Registration must be issued under the name of each parent and applicant respectively 6. Required Documents SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 3 6. Required Documents Documents Note Family Relationship Certificate ※ SKKU strongly recommends to submit documents issued within 3 months from the application date (Including Translation) 1. For all applicants • All documents must be written only in either English or Korean In case of other languages, the translation must be done and notarized by the governmental agencies or national accredited agencies, not by an individual translator, the applicant him/herself or the applicant's relatives. 2. For Chinese applicants ① Family Relationship Certificate ② If the applicants are unable to issue the Family Relationship Certificate, Notarized Translation of Hukoubu is accepted as well ( In Hukoubu, householder must be one of the parents and the family relationship must b clearly stated. Hukoubu registered by grandparents as a householder is not accepted) 3. For non-Chinese applicants • Birth Certificate or Family relationship certificate *Must include the nationality, personal information, and relationship between the applicant and the parents. 4. Applicants from Taiwan (Select either ① or ②) ① Original Household Register (notarized by the Taipei Mission of the Republic of Korea) ② Original Household Register issued by the Chinese Residents Association in Korea 5. Applicants who have lost or renounced Korean citizenship (Submit all supporting documents below) ① Documents proving the loss of Korean nationality, indicating the date, for both the applicant and parents (original copy) ② Documents proving acquisition of foreign (non-Korean) nationality, indicatin the date of acquisition for both the applicant and the parents (notarized original copy) 6. In cases where it is not possible to prove the family relationship of at least one of the parents • Applicants must submit official documents issued by a government or public authority that substantiate the reason, as well as documents confirming parental authority and custody over the applicant, and the marital status of the custodial parent (including remarriage status) . ※ e.g. Divorce certificate (submission of Divorce Agreement for Chinese nationals) , Single parent certificate, Death certificate, etc. ※ In the case of a parent divorce or death, additional documents are required depending on whether the parent is remarried or not ① Unremarried : Documents proving that the custodial parent has not remarried ( e.g. certificate of non-remarriage : for Chinese nationals, submit a notarized certificate of non-remarriage issued by a notary public office) ② Remarried : Documents proving the remarried partner is non-Korean (e.g. the colored copy of remarried partner's passport, certificate of remarriage, etc.) SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 4 6. Required Documents Documents Note Language Proficiency Document (Kor / Eng) • Language test score documents that prove language proficiency depending on the track (refer to p.10 'Linguistic Ability') High School Graduation (Expected) Certificate and Transcript ※ SKKU strongly recommends to submit documents issued within 3 months from the application date (including Translation, Apostille/consular confirmation from Korean Embassy) 1. For all applicants • Submission of the perfect score for each subject or grading system explanation is mandatory The failure of submission can result in disqualification due to ineligibility ( However, for those who have graduated from high schools in Korea, it can be replaced with their school records II) • All documents must be written only in either English or Korean In case of other languages, the translation must be done and notarized by the governmental agencies or national accredited agencies, not by an individual translator, the applicant him/herself or the applicant's relatives. • The transcript must include all the grades for each semester or each year - Document issuance date must be specified Transcripts that do not list subject grades by grade/semester, such as integrated scores for all grades, cannot be accepted ( If it is not possible to issue a transcript with subject grades by grade level/semester, a statement of explanation signed by the school principal is necessary.) - Transcripts must be issued and submitted from all schools attended. • For the applicants who have transferred to another high school, it is also required to submit the documents of former school (s) (including the documents of current school) SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 5 6. Required Documents Documents Note High School Graduation (Expected) Certificate and Transcript ※ SKKU strongly recommends to submit documents issued within 3 months from the application date (including Translation, Apostille/consular confirmation from Korean Embassy) 2. Student who graduated from high school in China 1) Graduate from REGULAR high school in China ① Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate ( 学信网 / 中等教育学历验证报告 ) ② Original transcript : Notarized Translation of transcript and Original document with Apostille certificate are required 2) Applicants expected to graduate from REGULAR high school in China ① Original expected graduation certificate : Specifying the expected graduation date (year, month, and day) , a translated notarization, and an Apostille certificate are required ② Original transcript : Notarized Translation of transcript and Original document with Apostille certificate are required 3) Graduate (or are expected to graduate) from OTHER types of high school in China ① Original copy of (expected) graduation certificate : Referring to p.16, 'Secondary Vocational School & Other High School DiplomaCertified', and submit the (expected) graduation certificate that matches with the type of high school (Notarized Translation and Apostille certificate are necessary) ② Original transcript : Notarized Translation and Apostille certificate are required 3. Applicants who graduated (or are expected to graduate) from overseas high schools (excluding China) can choose between ① and ② ① Original copy of transcript and graduation (or expected graduation) certificate with Notarized Translation and Apostille (Refer to the list of Apostille Member Countries) ※ Apostille certificate (e.g. document, seal, sticker) must be original (photocopied version is not accepted) ② Without the Apostille agreement, it is required to obtain consular confirmation at the Korean Consulate/Embassy in the country where your high school is located. ※ Graduation (or expected graduation) certificate must clearly state the graduation (or expected graduation) date SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 6. Required Documents 1 6 Documents Note High School Graduation (Expected) Certificate and Transcript ※ SKKU strongly recommends to submit documents issued within 3 months from the application date (including Translation, Apostille/consular confirmation from Korean Embassy) 4. Applicants who graduated(or are expected to graduate) from high school in South Korea • Original document of school record (college entrance purposed version) ※ If it is unavailable to submit the'College entrance purposed version' school record, it could be also accepted to submit the general version of school record instead. • Original document of High School (Expected) Graduation Certificate • Original document of High School Transcript ※ Documents issued in Korea do not require the consular confirmation of Korean Embassy and notarization Additional documents for expected graduate (mandatory) • After the acceptance, expected graduate must renew the graduation certificate and transcript issued after the graduation date - Not submitting documents may result in cancellation of acceptance Consular confirmation or Apostille must be included ※ Excluding documents issued by Korean high schools ※ Attached consular confirmation or Apostille (stamp, seal, etc.) must be original • Successful applicant as a expected graduate of regular high school in China must submit the English version of Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate ( 学信网 / 中等教育学历验证报告 ) If the successful applicant graduated from Korean high school, submission of the original school record book (College entrance purposed version) , graduation certificate, and transcript is required (consular confirmation is not required) SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 7 6. Required Documents Free acting video ( Department of Theatre ) • Applicants m u s t submit the individual free acting video ( within 2 min . ) filmed individually ※ Must performed in Korean language ※ Filmed video should be saved in USB , and submit the USB together with the application documents via post service ※ Only relevant for applicants to Department of theatre Documents ( Graduates from high school in China ) Documents Note Academic Proficiency Test (Huikao) Results of (Expected) Graduates of regular high school in China • Original version of China High School Academic Proficiency Test (Huikao) Results issued by 中国高等教育学息网 ( 学信网 )(English version) Huikao must be issued and submitted with all marks of taken subjects (not accepted with records of selective subject grades) Can be replaced by Gaokao (高考) report • Alternative documents for applicants who have not taken Huikao test (Select between ① and ②) ① Documents confirming that the applicant was unable to attend the Huikao examination , issued by local educational administration such as the provincial education department and the education bureau (Notarized translation is required) ② Documents confirming that the applicant was unable to attend the Huikao examination , issued by his/her high school with official seal, signature, and date of issuance Additional documents of (Expected) Graduates of non-regular high school in China • Secondary Vocational Schools (Regular Specialized Secondary Schools, Vocational High Schools, Adult Specialized Secondary Schools) - Graduation (expected) certificate with Apostille certificate - Document of School Information confirmation* - Copy of Confirmation of accredited institutions** • Secondary Vocational Schools (Skilled Workers Schools) - Graduation (expected) certificate with Apostille certificate Inquiry document (Online) of Ministry of Human Resources and Social security (https://www.mohrss.gov.cn) - Copy of Confirmation of accredited institutions** • Other High School Diploma - Certified (International Schools, etc.) - Graduation (expected) certificate with Apostille certificate - Copy of Confirmation of accredited institutions** SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 1 8 6. Required Documents Documents Note Additional documents of (Expected) Graduates of nonregular high school in China * Document of School information confirmation (a prescribed form of the Ministry of Justice) • School needs to fill out 'Academic Education' status (Confirmation of accredited institutions) , School information (Contact info. of person in charge, website, etc.) • Please make 2 copies, and then submit one when applying, the other one has to be submit ted to visa center after successful admission (by the applicant him/herself) **Confirmation of accredited institutions • School Corporate Certificate ( 事业单位法人证书 ) or Establishment Certificate ( 民办学校办学许可证 ) (only 'Academic Education' is accepted) • Alternative documents of Huikao for applicants who cannot get Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (Choose one of the below) ① Documents, which confirms the applicant was unable to attend the Huikao examination , issued by local educational administration such as the provincial education department and the education bureau (Notarized translation is required) ② Documents in English, which confirms the applicant was unable to attend the Huikao examination , issued by his/her high school with official seal, signature, and date of issue SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 6. Required Documents 1 9 Documents(Optional) Documents Note Personal Statement • Completing and submitting the personal statement (referring to the attachment) if the applicant wishes to do ※ Must be written in either Korean of English only ※ The personal statement can be completed during the online application process, and a printed copy must be submitted when submitting the original application documents by post or in person. Certificate for extracurricular activities ( within 10 pages ) • Activities during high school Awards / organization activities from high school or other institutions , overseas study experience , volunteering activities , licenses , portfolio etc . In the case of organization activities , the confirmation ( seal and signature must be included ) from the head of the organization must be submitted Volunteering Certificates proving more than 30 hours of volunteering activities are only accepted ※ Notarization is required when submitting copies of original documents , notarized translation is required for Non Kor / Eng documents ※ Non document files ( USB , CD , etc .) are not allowed ( Submit paper documents in A 4 size . Reduced , double sided documents are not allowed . If the size is smaller than A 4 , please attach the document on A 4 paper .) ※ USB submission is only allowed for individual free acting video for applicants to Department of Theatre College entrance exam score or academic reference • International Baccalaureate ( IB ) , A Level , AP , 高 等 学 校 招 生 考 试 ( 高 考 ) , 大 学 入 試 セ ン タ ー 試 験 , SAT , ACT , Australian Tertiary Admission Rank ( ATAR ) , National Certificate of Educational Achievement ( NCEA ) , Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia ( STPM ) , etc ※ In case of submitting academic reference ( such as SAT , IB ) , login information ( ID , PW ) of the website must be written on the transcripts for verification of authenticity Official language test score • ( Original ) Official test scores of language Submit the original document of official language test score , acquired within 2 years before the starting date of application ※ TOEFL / IELTS : Scores obtained from the same exam can be accepted only ( TOEFL MyBest Scores or IELTS One Skill Retake is not recognized ) ※ It is impossible to submit the score announced after the application deadline Certificate of Completion and Transcript of Korean course at language institutes • Original Completion certificate and Transcripts of Korean courses from Korean Language Center including Sungkyun Language Institute Both Certificate of completion and transcript must be submitted Certificate of completion or transcript must include attendance SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 0 6. Required Documents Precautions • All submitted documents must be original and include the issuance date. In case of submitting the photocopied version, the document must include the name of the person in charge, signature, con firmed date, and 'true copy' seal. ※ For documents issued by a Chinese notary office, submission of a 'Shuang-hao ( 双号 ) ' notarized copy is recom mended. (If Shuang-hao notarization is not available, Apostille certification may be accepted as a substitute) • Documents written in other languages (not in Kor/Eng) must be submitted along with Notarized Transla tion. (Translation must be done and notarized by the governmental or accredited agencies, not by an individual translator, the applicant him/herself or the applicant's relatives) • SKKU could request additional documents to applicants when it is considered as necessary and appli cants have to cooperate. • All submitted items will not be returned for any reason. • If the applicant, who has applied to the 1 st round, reapplies to the 2 nd round, all documents must be resubmitted • If the applicant, who has previously applied in the 1 st round, reapplies in the 2 nd round, all documents must be resubnitted. • In case of preliminary admission, Certificate of Preliminary admission offer, the remaining documents (regarding nationality document, family relationship certificate, language proficiency document, etc.) , excluding academic documents and certificates for extracurricular activities, must be reissued within 3 months from the application start date for reapplication for resubmission with the Certificate of Preliminary admission offer. SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 1 6. Required Documents Precautions for Application • In principle, applicant must submit application form online , and the application number is automatically assigned immediately after payment of the admission fee. - An application is considered submitted only when an application number has been issued. • After online application has been completed, required documents must be submitted to the SKKU Office of International Student Service by 17:00 on the last day of the document submission period. If the required documents are not submitted by the deadline or there are missing documents, the applicant can be disqualified. • After paying the application fee, applicant can not cancel or modify the application. Return of application fee is determined according to SKKU regulations. • The judgment of the applicant's personal information is based on the application form. Therefore, the applicant must check the contents before finalizing the application (before the payment of the application fee) . • Applicants are responsible for all the disadvantages caused by omission of information (e.g. missing phone number) , lack of documents, etc. Collection and use of personal information • Personal information is collected with the applicant's consent and is used solely for undergraduate admissions, academic and immigration-related matters in accordance with university regulations, or may be provided to authorities under applicable laws. • SKKU outsources the online application to "JINHAK APPLY" and some personal information can be used and collected by "JINHAK APPLY" for application processing. • Collected Personal Information : Alien registration number, passport number, name, application number, type of application, choice of admission units, name of graduated high school / date of graduation, the applicant's addresses and phone numbers, e-mail address, emergency contacts, Fee / Tuition return account number, guardian's name and nationality, personal information such as ID and PW for verification of authenticity of official language proficiency test /IB/ SAT report card, etc. 7. Precautions SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 2 7. Precautions Acceptance and cancellation of admission • If a prospective high school graduate fails to graduate, or if any submitted documents are forged or falsified, the personal statement is ghostwritten or plagiarized, or false information is provided in the application form, admission and enrollment will be revoked even after the student has been admitted. • Any case of cheating is subjected to rejection of admission even after the enrollment. • The applicant who violates the application eligibility is subjected to rejection of admission even after the enrollment. • The cases of academic background found out to be different from the information on the submitted documents, or SKKU fails to inquire into the applicant's academic background within 6 months after the enrollment are also subjected to rejection of admission even after the enrollment. • Other irregularities, including those mentioned above, will result in denial of admission even after enroll ment. Submitted documents, application fee and tuition already paid will not be returned and refunded. SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 3 7. Precautions Others • The applicant is responsible for all disadvantages caused by not checking the application guidelines. • SKKU will not disclose any of the evaluation criteria and detailed results (grade, application eligibility, reasons for rejection, etc.) . • Authenticity of documents is determined by SKKU's Committee of International student admission. • Foreign high school (expected) graduates are considered to have agreed to academic record disclosure and inquiry process, and must cooperate with the inquiry procedure conducted after the acceptance from the university. • Successful candidate expected to graduate from high school must submit the Final Certificate of Grad uation/Transcript to the Office of International Student Services by due date (mentioned in the Admissions Guide) after the acceptance. ※ Students graduated from overseas high school must submit it with Apostille or consular confirmation of Korean Embassy ※ Failure of submission may lead to cancellation of the acceptance • Application closes at 17 : 00 on the final day of each round . ( Revision is not available after the deadline ) • All documents must arrive before the deadline. Failure of submission may lead to disadvantages. ※ If the documents cannot be submitted by the deadline due to unavoidable reasons, the submission must be done within a separate period according to guidance (The applicants are responsible for the disadvantages due to failure of submission) • Successful candidates in 1 st round CAN also reapply in 2 nd round. (Double registration is strictly not allowed if they got accepted in both) • Applicant who significantly interfere with admission process can be legally liable. • All the details related to the admission should be confirmed directly by the applicant via SKKU's Inter national Student Admissions homepage. • After receipt of application fee, the applicant can not withdraw the application and the fee will not be returned. However, there will be return of partial or whole application fee in cases abide by Korean 「 Higher education act」 and 「Enforcement Ordinance of higher education act」. • All submitted documents will not be returned for any reason . • The date and time of the application guidelines and other guidance materials are based on Korean Standard Time. • Details not specified in the admission guide are subject to our university's criteria and regulation. • The Korean version of the Admission Guide will be the main reference for all information on application and evaluation process in case of misinterpretation in the English and Chinese versions. • The applicant may not be selected if he/she is judged to have difficulty studying at Sungkyunkwan University (SKKU) . • Dual enrollment between our university and other universities is not permitted SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 4 7. Precautions Apostille &Consular Confirmation 1. Overseas school (expected) graduation certificate and transcript certificate Applicant who (expected) graduated from overseas high schools have to submit the high school (expected) graduation certificate and the transcript with either of the confirmations mentioned below within the submission due • Apostille certification Apostille certificate, issued by the government institution located in the country of graduated high school, must be submitted along with the original documents of (expected) graduation certificate and transcripts • Consular Confirmation Consular Confirmation of Korean Embassy located in the country of graduated high school must be submitted along with the original documents of (expected) graduation certificate and transcripts 2. Apostille certification • Apostille Member countries (Nov. 1 st , 2025) Region Member Countries Asia · Oceania New Zealand, Niue, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Mongolia, Vanuatu, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brunei, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Oman, Australia, Uzbekistan, Israel, India, Indonesia, Japan, China (including Macau and Hong Kong) , Cook Islands, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Tonga, Pakistan, Palau, Fiji, Philippines, Republic of Korea Europe Georgia, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Russia, Romania, Luxembourg, Lithuania, Liechtenstein, North Macedonia, Monaco, Montenegro, Moldova, Malta, Belgium, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Cyprus, San Marino, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Slovakia, Slovenia, Armenia, Iceland, Ireland, Azerbaijan, Andorra, Albania, Estonia, United Kingdom, Austria, Ukraine, Italy, Czech Republic, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Croatia, Türkiye, Portugal, Poland, France, Finland, Hungary North America United States (including Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Saipan, and Puerto Rico) , Canada Central and South America Guyana, Guatemala, Grenada, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, Dominica, Mexico, Barbados, Bahamas, Venezuela, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Argentina, Antigua and Barbuda, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, Uruguay, Chile, Costa Rica, Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, Panama, Peru, Paraguay, Jamaica Africa Namibia, South Africa, Liberia, Lesotho, Malawi, Morocco, Botswana, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Seychelles, Eswatini, Cabo Verde, Burundi, Tunisia, Rwand ※ Please refer to the Hague Conference on Private International Law website for updated information (www.hcch.net) SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 5 7. Precautions Tuition Fee ( KRW ) Exploratory Studies 7 , 219 , 000 Humanities / Social Sciences / Business Administration / 5 , 380 , 000 Global Business Administration 8 , 264 , 000 Global Economics 7 , 412 , 000 Film , Television & Multimedia / Fashion Design / Theatre 6 , 990 , 000 Natural Sciences / Sport Science 6 , 212 , 000 Engineering / Electronic & Electrical Engineering / Biomedical Engineering / C o m p u t e r S c i e n c e a n d E n g i n e e r i n g 6 , 990 , 000 ※ Tuition should be paid in KRW , s ubject to change for admission in the 2027 academic year Application Fee Ad mission Cat egory Application Fee ( KRW ) International Undergraduate students admission 150 , 000 In case a candidate with Preliminary admission offer reapplies to the SAME admission unit 30 , 000 ※ After the application is completed , it cannot be canceled and the admission fee will not be returned . However , in the event of a reason for return in accordance with the relevant laws of Korean government and regulations of our university , a partial or full amount of the admission fee can be returned . ※ If the candidate reapply for majors or admission units that varies from his / her Preliminary admission offer , the offer would be canceled automatically and the application would be undertaken as a new application that costs KRW 150 , 000 . SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 8. Enrollment / 9. Application Fee A d m i s s i o n U n i t 8 . Enrollment / 9 . Application Fee Enrollment • After the announcement of successful candidates , enrollment procedure will be noticed on SKKU ' s international student admission homepage • Procedure : Wire transfer to the virtual bank account number on the tuition invoice Tuition ( Reference ) • Tuition : As of the first semester of 2026 freshmen ( Including entranc e fee 1 9 8 , 0 0 0 K R W ) • Enrollment will take place in January 2027 and the detailed information will be announced later in the Admitted International Student Guide Human Science and Society 2 6 Admission scholarships • Scholarship ranging from 100% to 10% of tuition waiver will be granted to applicants with outstanding admission results • Additional application for Admission Scholarship is not required, and applicant can check the nomination result and amount he/she will receive at the time of admission announcement (1 st semester only) Scholarship for Excellent Korean Language Professionals • Scholarship will be granted to the successful candidates from overseas high schools ( based on registered address ) if they meet the following Korean language proficiency ( 1 st semester only ) TOPIK Level 6 or Completion of Level 6 at Sungkyun Language Institute : 100 % tuition waiver TOPIK Level 5 / Completion of Level 5 at Sungkyun Language Institute or Preparatory Course for Degree ( Basic Korean for college ) : 50 % tuition waiver ※ Scholarship shall be provided as well if the successful candidate meets the above requirements between the date of tuition payment and the beginning date of semester . Scholarship for Excellent English Language Professionals • Scholarship will be granted to the successful candidates if they meet the following English Language proficiency ( 1 st semester only , TOEFL MyBest Scores or IELTS One Skill Retake is not recognized ) IELTS 8 . 0 / TOEFL iBT 5 . 5 ( 110 for tests taken before Jan 21 , 2026 ) or higher : 100 % tuition waiver IELTS 7 . 0 / TOEFL iBT 5 . 0 ( 95 for tests taken before Jan 21 , 2026 ) or higher : 50 % tuition waiver ※ Scholarship shall be provided as well if the successful candidate meets the above requirements between the date of tuition payment and the beginning date of semester . Merit Based Scholarships ( for Enrolled Students ) • Differential payment ( 70 % ~ 30 % ) according to the ranking of the academic grades of the previous semester while attending school ( 2 nd ~ 8 th semester ) 10. International Students Scholarship SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 7 10. International Students Scholarship Sungkyun Language Institute Excellence Scholarship • 2 5 % of tuition w a i v e r will be who have completed Level 4 of the Sungkyun Language Institute and h a v e b e e n recommended by the Director of the Sungkyun Language Institute ( 1 s e m e s t e r o n l y ) st granted to the successful candidates ※ Scholarship shall be provided as well if the successful candidate meets the above requirements between the date of tuition payment and the beginning date of semester SKKU Global Leader Scholarship Category Details Nomination • Nomination will be held among remarkable freshmen (No need to apply for scholarship seperately; interview may be held if needed) • Nomination result will be notified individually to the nominees after the admission announcement for successful candidates Criteria A • Students holding the nationality of country which meets both criteria ① and ② ① One of the countries in the OECD DAC list of ODA (Official Development Assistance) recipients ② The country with 3 or lower number of students enrolled in SKKU ※ Only the visa-free entry countries are eligible (in accordance with Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs standard) ※ Refer to the notice on the SKKU international students admission website for the list of eligible countries • Admissions grade, nationality, admission unit, and so on will be considered comprehensively • Outstanding students in STEM field ※ Preference may be given to applicants who have received awards in related fields , including international Olympiads in mathematics , science , and IT * Only awards received during high school ( Grades 10 - 12 ) will be considered ( academic performance , awards , and other achievements and so on will be considered comprehensively ) ※ Scholarship recommendation letter from the school principal or the headmaster of related institutions are accepted ( submit along with the application documents ) • Benefit SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 2 8 10. International Students Scholarship Remarkable freshmen of Global chracterized departments ( Global Business Administration , Global Economics , Biomedical Engineering ) based on the admission results ) Nomination Criteria & Benefit Criteria B Criteria C • Remarkable freshmen who possess outstanding potential for growth as a global t alent based on excellence in extracurricular competencies • 50 % tuition scholarship will be offered within the regular study period The scholarship will continuously be offered only if the condition below is met Taking 12 credits or more for the previous semester ( 9 credits for semester previous to the final semester ) and getting an GPA of 3 . 5 or higher ( excluding F grades ) ※ The rules follow the article 4 of Scholarship regulation of SKKU ※ Disqualified if fail to meet the requirement twice Fail to meet the requirement once : student will not be able to receive scholarship in the following semester Fail to meet the requirement twice : student will be finally disqualified and will not be able to receive scholarship for the remaining semesters ※ Common notice for scholarships 1 . The details such as scholarship payment standard and decision on continuous scholarship offering follow the SKKU scholarship regulations , and may change every semester or academic year . 2 . Scholarships cannot be duplicated . If a successful candidate is additionally eligible for another scholarship , only one scholarship with larger amount will be provided . * H o w e v e r , i f a r e c i p i e n t o f t h e SKKU G l o b a l L e a d e r S c h o l a r s h i p h o l d s l a n g u a g e p r o f i c i e n c y t e s t s c o r e s q u a l i f y i n g f o r a 100 % t u i t i o n s c h o l a r s h i p , a 100 % t u i t i o n s c h o l a r s h i p w i l l b e g r a n t e d f o r t h e f i r s t s e m e s t e r o f a d m i s s i o n Samsung Global Sungkyun Scholarship for International Students Category Details Nomination • Nomination will be held among remarkable freshmen (Separate application is not required, interview may be held if needed) • Nomination result will be notified individually to the nominees after the admission announcement for successful candidates BenefIt TYPE A • Full Dues within the regular study period Student should meet one of the following ①, ② : ➀ Student should take at least 12 credits (taking 9 credits is only allowed for the 7 th semester) and achieve GPA of 3.7 or above without any "F" grade (In case of 1 st and 2 nd semester : GPA of 3.5 or above) ➁ Student should take at least 12 credits (taking 9 credits is only allowed for the 7 th semester) and achieve overall 3.7 GPA or above without any "F" grade ※ The rules follow the article 4 of Scholarship regulation of SKKU ※ Disqualified if fail to meet the requirement twice Fail to meet the requirement once : student will not be able to receive scholarship in the following semester Fail to meet the requirement twice : student will be finally disqualified and will not be able to receive scholarship for the remaining semesters • Academic support fees provided : KRW 3,400,000 per semester • Priority in assignment of dormitory and full dormitory fees provided if assigned TYPE B • Full Dues within the regular study period Student should meet one of the following ①, ② : ➀ Student should take at least 12 credits (taking 9 credits is only allowed for the 7 th semester) and achieve GPA of 3.7 or above without any "F" grade (In case of 1 st and 2 nd semester : GPA of 3.5 or above) ➁ Student should take at least 12 credits (taking 9 credits is only allowed for the 7 th semester) and achieve overall 3.7 GPA or above without any "F" grade ※ The rules follow the article 4 of Scholarship regulation of SKKU ※ Disqualified if fail to meet the requirement twice Fail to meet the requirement once : student will not be able to receive scholarship in the following semester Fail to meet the requirement twice : student will be finally disqualified and will not be able to receive scholarship for the remaining semesters ※ Common notice for scholarships 1. The details such as scholarship payment standard and decision on continuous scholarship offering follow the SKKU scholarship regulations, and may change every semester or academic year. 2. Scholarships cannot be duplicated. If a successful candidate is additionally eligible for another scholarship, only one scholarship with larger amount will be provided. SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 10. International Students Scholarship 2 9 Admission Info. ※ Admission for undergraduate course is managed by Office of International Student Services in Humanities and Social Sciences Campus, located in Seoul. • International Student Admissions Homepage : Sungkyunkwan University (www.skku.edu) → Admission → Undergraduate • Contact us : ☎ +82-2-760-0016 fore@skku.edu ※ Office hour : Monday~Friday 09:30~11:30, 13:30~ 17:00 (KST) ※ Contact via email is strongly recommended • Address : (우) 03063 서울특별시 종로구 성균관로 25-2 성균관대학교 국제관 2층 90213호 학사과정 외국인특별전형 담당자 앞 Office of International Student Services (Room #90213) , international Hall, 25-2, Sungkyunkwan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, Korea (03063) Undergraduate International Student Admissions Living & Visa Info • ☎ +82-2-760-0026~0027 oisshs@skku.edu • Location : 서울특별시 종로구 성균관로 25-2 성균관대학교 국제관 2층 90213호 Room #90213, International hall, 25-2, Sungkyunkwan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, Korea Other Contact Information • Sungkyun Language Institute : ☎ +82 2 760 1341 (Chinese) ☎ +82 2 760 1345 (English) • Graduate Admission for International Students : ☎ +82-2-740-0014 intlgrad@skku.edu 11. Contact SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 3 0 11. Contact Forms 1. | Application Sample Forms 2. | List of Submitted Documents Sample Forms 3. | Letter of Consent Forms 4. | Confirmation Document Attachment | Personal Statement Forms 성균관대학교 입학원서 202 7 학 년 도 전 기 외 국 인 ( 1 차 / 2 차 ) 특 별 전 형 수험번호 입학구분 외국인 신입학 □ 예비합격자 사 진 모집단위 지 원 자 인 적 사 항 성 명 ( 한글 ) ( 한문 ) ( 영문 ) 국 적 성 별 여권번호 외국인등록번호 한국어성적 （ ) 어학원 ( ) 급 한국비자 정보 종 류 ( ) 만기일 ( . . .) TOPIK ( ) 급 ( ) 점 영어성적 (TOEFL/IELTS) ( ) 점 고 등 학 교 정 보 학교명 소재국가 학교주소 졸업 ( 예정 ) 일 홈페이지 전화번호 E-mail 연 락 처 지 원 자 전화번호 휴대전화 E-mail 주 소 부 성 명 국 적 전화번호 주 소 모 성 명 국 적 전화번호 주 소 본인은 귀 대학교에 입학하고자 소정의 서류를 갖추어 지원합니다 . 20 년 월 일 성균관대학교 총장 귀하 [ 본 서식은 인터넷 접수를 위한 견본입니다. 온라인 접수 시 자동으로 작성됩니다.] [This is a sample form. The form will be automatically filled during your online application process.] SAMPLE SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 3 2 [Forms 1] Application(Sample) 제출서류 목록표 List of Submitted Documents 202 7 학 년 도 전 기 외 국 인 ( 1 차 / 2 차 ) 특 별 전 형 202 7 S p r i n g 1 st / 2 nd Round Application 성 명 수험번호 모집단위 전형유형 외국인 신입학 1. 필수 제출서류 ( 모든 지원자 ) Required Documents (Every Applicant) 번호 no. 서 류 명 Documents 제출여부 Submission (O, X) 1 입학원서 Application 2 제출서류 목록표 List of Submitted Documents 3 학력조회 동의서 및 의뢰서 Letter of Consent 4 지원자 여권 사본 Passport Copy of Applicant 5 부모 여권 사본 ( 또는 자국 발급 신분증 사본 ) Passport (or Domestic ID) Copy of Parents 6 가족관계 증명서류 Family Relationship Certificate 7 어학능력 시험 성적표 Language Proficiency Document (Korean / English) 원본서류 Original Documents 8 고등학교 졸업 ( 예정 ) 증명서 High school (Expectant) Graduation Certificate 원본서류 Original Documents 영사확인 / 아포스티유 Consular Confirmation/Apostille 9 고등학교 성적증명서 High school Transcript 원본서류 Original Documents 영사확인 / 아포스티유 Consular Confirmation/Apostille [ 본 서식은 인터넷 접수를 위한 견본입니다. 온라인 접수 시 자동으로 작성됩니다.] [This is a sample form. The form will be automatically filled during your online application process.] SAMPLE SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 3 3 [Forms 2] List of Submitted Documents(Sample) 2. 필수 제출서류 ( 해당 지원자 ) Required Documents (If Applicable) 번호 no. 서 류 명 Document Name 제출여부 Submission (O, X) 1 학력인증보고서 ( 영문 ) Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (Eng.) 고등교육학생정보망 발급 ( 学信网 ) Chinese academic network document 2 후이카오 성적증명서 Huikao transcripts 고등교육학생정보망 발급 ( 学信网 ) Chinese academic network document 대체 서류 Alternative document 3 중국 보통일반고 이외 졸업 ( 예정 ) 자 추가 제출 서류 Secondary Vocational School & Other High School Diploma-Certified 4 외국인등록사실증명 ( 한국 거주자에 한함 ) Certificate of Alien Registration (Only those residing in Korea) 3. 선택 제출서류 ( 어학원 수료증명서 , 공인어학성적표 , 활동 증빙자료 , 공인 성적증명서 등 ) Optional Documents (Certificate of language institute, Language test score, Extracurricular activity, Official transcript, etc.) 번 호 no. 서 류 명 Document Name 매 수 no. of page 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ※ 원본서류 제출 또는 번역공증본 제출 필수 ※ All documents must be original documents or notarized / translation copies [ 본 서식은 인터넷 접수를 위한 견본입니다. 온라인 접수 시 자동으로 작성됩니다.] [This is a sample form. The form will be automatically filled during your online application process.] SAMPLE SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 3 4 [Forms 2] List of Submitted Documents(Sample) LETTER OF CONSENT(학력조회동의서) No. SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY Office of International Student Services 25-2, Sungkyunkwan-ro, jongno-gu, Seoul, KOREA (03063) Tel : +82-2-760-0016 fore@skku.edu https://www.skku.edu To whom it may concern, This letter is to confirm that I attended _____________________________. I have applied to Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul , Korea for the 202 7 academic year and have agreed to allow Sungkyunkwan University to officially request my academic records from previously attended schools . In this regard , I would like to request your full assistance when they contact you regarding verification of enrollment and transcripts . Student Name Date of Birth School Name School Address School E-mail Date of Admission Date of Graduation Date : ___________________ Sincerely yours, Signature : _______________________________________ SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY [Forms 3] Letter of Consent 3 5 학교 정보 확인서 学校信息确认书 유 학 생 인적사항 留学生 个人信息 성 명 姓 名 생 년 월 일 出生日期 국 적 国 籍 여 권 번 호 护照号码 진학 예정 대학 拟入学大学名称 전 공 명 专业名称 전 화 번 호 联系电话 e-mail 电子邮箱 학교정보 学校信息 졸업학교명 (졸업일) 毕业学校名称 (毕业日期) (졸업일 毕业日期 : 20 . . .) 학 교 유 형 学校类型 보통중등전문학교 普通中专 ( ) 성인중등전문학교 成人中专 ( ) 직업고등학교 职业高中 ( ) 기타 其他 ( ) 교 육 과 정 教育种类 고등학교 학력과정 高中阶段学历教育 ( ) 고등학교 비학력과정 高中阶段非学历教育 ( ) ※ 비학력 과정의 경우 유학비자 발급 불가 非学历教育学生不能获得韩国留学签证 소 재 지 学校地址 전 화 번 호 学校电话 홈 페 이 지 学校官网 교 직 원 연락정보 教职工 联系信息 소속 및 직위 所属部门及职位 성 명 姓 名 (인 또는 서명) ( 盖章或签名 ) 전 화 번 호 联系电话 본인은 상기 학교 정보 등 기재 내용이 사실과 다름없음을 서약하며, 허위 사실 기재 시 대한민국 법령에 따라 처벌받을 수 있음을 확인합니다. 本人保证， 以上所填写的学校信息等内容均属实。 本人理解， 以上信息如有虚假， 可能会受到韩国相 关法律法规的处罚。 特此确认。 20 . . . 유학생 본인 留学生本人 (서명 签名 ) * 2부 작성 후 교육기관 및 재외공관에 각각 제출 本确认书需要一式两份。 一份交拟入学大学， 一份交韩国驻外使领馆。 SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY [Forms 4] Confirmation Document 3 6 자기소개서(Personal Statement) 자기소개서 작성 유의사항 Notes • 자기소개서 작성 및 제출은 선택사항 으로 지원자 본인이 희망하는 경우에 한해 작성 및 제출해주시기 바랍니다. Submission of a personal statement is optional and should only be completed and submitted if the applicant wishes to do so. • 반드시 지원자 본인이 직접 작성하여야 하며 자기소개서 내용 중 허위사실 기재, 대리작성, 표절, 위조 등 기타 부정한 사실이 발견될 경우 서류평가결과와 무관하게 불합격 처리됩니다. 또한, 합격자 발표 이후라도 해당 사실이 확인될 경우 합격 및 입학을 취소할 수 있습니다. The personal statement must be written by the applicants themselves. If any form of dishonesty such as false information, ghostwriting, plagiarism, forgery, or other misconduct is discovered, the application will be disqualified regardless of the document evaluation result. In addition, if such misconduct is identified after the announcement of admission results, the admission or enrollment may be revoked. • 지원 트랙과 관계없이 한국어 또는 영어로만 작성 가능 하며 문항별로 지정된 분량을 초과할 수 없습니다. Regardless of the track, the personal statement must be written in either Korean or English , and the word limit for each question must not be exceeded. • 우리 대학이 자기소개서 내용 확인을 요청할 경우 지원자는 이에 적극 협조하여야 하며 추가 자료 제출을 요청받을 경우 별도 지정일시까 지 반드시 제출해야 합니다. If SKKU requests verification of the content of the personal statement, the applicant must cooperate actively. Should additional documents be requested, they must be submitted by the specified deadline • 연기예술학과, 소프트웨어학과, 스포츠과학과 모집단위 지원자가 자기소개서 작성을 희망하는 경우에는 3번 문항을 작성해야 하며, 그 외 모집단위 지원자는 1~3번 문항 중 하나를 자유롭게 선택하여 작성할 수 있습니다. Applicants applying to Theatre, Computer Science and Engineering, or Sport Science admission units who wish to submit a personal statement must complete Question 3. Applicants applying to all other admission units may freely choose and complete one question from Questions 1 through 3. ※ 자기소개서는 온라인 원서접수 시 안내에 따라 해당 페이지에서 온라인 작성 및 제출해주시기 바랍니다 (온라인 작성 및 제출 완료 후, 입학원서 및 필수제출서류 등과 함께 자기소개서 출력본 우편/방문 제출 필수) The personal statement must be written and submitted online on the designated page during the online application process, as instructed. (After completing the online submission, a printed copy of the personal statement must also be submitted by post or in person along with the application form and other required documents.) 작성 문항 (1개 문항만 선택 / Choose only one question) 1. 본인의 고교 재학기간 동안 학업과 관련하여 이룬 성과 또는 관심 분야에 대해 탐구한 활동 및 결과에 대해 기술하시 오. (600자 이내) Please describe any academic achievements or activities related to areas of interest that you pursued during your high school years, along with the outcomes. (Within 200 words) 2. 한국 유학생활을 위한 본인의 준비와 노력에 대해 구체적으로 서술하시오. (600자 이내) Please explain in detail your preparation and efforts for studying abroad in Korea. (Within 200 words) 3. 본인이 지원하는 모집단위와 관련하여, 고교 재학 중 의미를 두고 노력했던 활동을 3개 이내로 기술하시오. (600자 이내) Please describe up to three activities related to the admission unit you are applying for that you pursued with commitment and significance during your high school years. (Within 200 words) SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY 3 7 [Attachment] Personal Statement Address Phone E-mail Webpage # 90213 , International Hall , 25 2 , Sungkyunkwan ro , Jongno gu , Seoul , Korea ( 03063 ) 02 ) 760 0016 fore @ skku . edu https :// admission global . skku . edu / eng /