About OzU Our Team Academic Staff Student Testimonials Application Who is Eligible? Application Criteria Admission Process Tuition Fees & Scholarship Become a Partner Gallery Programs Cost of Living Tuition Fees & Scholarship English Türkçe English About OzU Our Team Academic Staff Student Testimonials Application Who is Eligible? Application Criteria Admission Process Tuition Fees & Scholarship Become a Partner Gallery Programs Cost of Living Tuition Fees & Scholarship English Türkçe English Apply Now Admission Process Home / Admission Process 1 - Online Application You can complete your application by registering on the portal using your email address. apply.ozyegin.edu.tr International Undergraduate Programs - Fall 2026-2027 Application Deadline: November 15, 2026 Documents for Application: Passport: A scanned copy of the page containing your personal information. (required) Official High School Transcript: Your official full academic transcript showing all years of study. (required) High School Diploma / School Leaving Certificate (if available): The official document confirming your graduation from high school. If this document is not issued in English or Turkish, a certified translation into one of these languages is required. English Proficiency Test Results (if available): You can visit our Language Proficiency page for more information. Statement of Purpose: A document explaining why you want to study at Özyeğin University and your academic and career goals. The statement should not exceed two pages and can be uploaded in Word or PDF format. 2 - Evaluation After you submit your application, your documents will be evaluated for admission and scholarships based on: Admission Criteria Academic achievement, Strong academic and social background, Motivation letter, Program quotas, and comparative evaluation with other applicants. All applicants are automatically considered for scholarship evaluation. No separate scholarship application is required. 3 - Offer Letter If approved, you will receive a Conditional Offer Letter via email. You must meet all admission conditions specified in the letter to complete your official registration. Your admission letter will include your scholarship percentage , if applicable. What happens next? Check your admission and scholarship details. Follow the instructions provided in your letter. Complete the required pre-payment to proceed with the next steps. 4 - Pre Payment To proceed with the admission process and receive your original admission and visa documents, a USD 1,000 pre-payment is required. Please note: The pre-payment is not an additional fee . It will be deducted from your first-semester tuition fee . After making the payment, please upload the payment receipt to the application portal. Important: The pre-payment is non-refundable if you decide not to enroll. Students whose visa application is officially rejected may be eligible for a refund upon providing official proof. 5 - Visa Application After receiving your admission and visa documents, it is the student's responsibility to apply for a visa at the relevant Turkish consulate. Contact the consulate immediately upon receipt of your documents, as visa processing times vary by country. Visa information for foreigners 6 - English Proficiency Applicants who have completed the prepayment are eligible to take the English Proficiency Exams held in August and September. Candidates who pass the Placement and Trace exams may start their program without taking the preparatory year . Candidates who do not pass will join the English Preparatory Program for 1 or 2 semesters, depending on their level. The tuition fee for the Preparatory Program is the same as the program to which the student has been admitted. IELTS , Duolingo and TOEFL Home Edition tests are not accepted. You may see the list of accepted exams (TOEFL IBT, PBT, Pearson PTE) in this link . You can access our sample exam here . Students who hold a valid document from one of the exams whose equivalency is recognized by the University, as listed above, must complete the Exemption Application Form for the English Preparatory Program and submit it, together with the exam result document, to student.services@ozu.edu.tr using their ozu.edu.tr e-mail address for preliminary evaluation, before semester registration. 7 - Dorm Application Dormitory applications will open in late August. International students are prioritized. You can view the available room types via this link. 8 - Registration Students who complete the prepayment will be invited for registration by the Student Services Office . Registrations are finalized every year in August and September . Conditional admission students must complete all required criteria before registration. Failure to do so will result in the cancellation of the enrollment process. General Required Documents for Registration (R) High School Diploma: Original and copy. Must be apostilled. Requires a notarized translation if not in English or Turkish. (R) High School Transcripts: Transcripts for all years. Must be apostilled (and translated if necessary). (R) Exam Score Report: Official results used for admission. Must be apostilled (and translated if necessary). (CR) Equivalency Letter or Apostilled Diploma: Students without an apostilled diploma must submit an Equivalency Letter, and vice versa. (CR) Letter of Undertaking: Must be uploaded to the online registration system. (Link here) (R) Passport: Copy of pages showing photo, personal details, validity dates, and last entry stamp to Türkiye. (R) Student Visa Copy: Must be obtained prior to arriving in Türkiye. (NR) Proof of English Proficiency: University-recognized exam score or institutional exam result. (Details link) (RBLAW) Proof of Turkish Proficiency: Required for Bachelor of Laws (BLAW) only. Minimum B1 level from TÖMER or YÖK-accredited centers. (R) Biometric Photograph (R) Residence Permit: Copy of front/back (if available). The International Office handles applications for those without one. (R) Private Health Insurance: Policy must be uploaded before registration (handled via International Office). (NR) Proof of Payment: Tuition and deposit receipts. Additional Requirements for Professional Flight Class 1 Medical Certificate: Original and copy of ICAO Annex-1 Class 1 report, obtained only from authorized centers in Türkiye prior to registration. Archived Criminal Record: Issued within the last month by the Public Prosecutor's Office (or e-Devlet for Turkish citizens). Training Contract Additional Requirements for Aviation Management Health Committee Report: Medical board report from a full-service hospital (within the last 6 months) confirming fitness to serve, specifically detailing hearing, vision, and psychological status. Archived Criminal Record: Issued within the last month by the Public Prosecutor's Office (or e-Devlet for Turkish citizens). Abbreviations next to the documents listed below -> (R) Required, (NR) Not Required, (RBLAW) Required for BLAW, (CR) Conditionally Required 9 - Orientation All students attend an orientation program held the weekend prior to the first day of school. During this event, detailed information regarding school life, academic and administrative processes, as well as general campus operations, is shared with the incoming cohort. General information sessions with the Rector and the Deans as well as numerous opportunities to spend time with your peer advisor, learn about campus life and student activities and meet other OzU students. The first week of the semesters are celebrated as the Welcome Week at OzU. 10 - Residence Permit Application What is a Student Residence Permit? A residence permit is an official document that grants international students the legal right to stay in Turkey beyond the duration of their visa or visa-free period. You must apply for it after arriving in Turkey and completing your university registration. Upon your arrival, the International Office will assist you throughout the application process and submit your documents to the immigration authorities on your behalf. Application Steps (Within Your First 30 Days): Visit the International Office: Get guidance and the required documents checklist. Prepare Your Documents: Collect your passport, photos, proof of address, health insurance, and student certificate. Submit to International Office: Hand over all required documents to the International Office within 4 days of applying online. Give Fingerprints: Visit the designated Migration Office specified in your email to submit your fingerprints (bring your passport and student certificate). Track & Collect: Check your application status via email updates. Once approved, collect your card from the International Office (if delivered directly to your home address, provide a copy to the office). Application System Apply Now Özyeğin Üniversitesi Nişantepe Mah. Orman Sok. 34794 Çekmeköy - İSTANBUL Facebook-f Twitter Instagram Youtube Quick Links Frequently Asked Questions Handbook Apply Now Contact Information admissions@ozyegin.edu.tr (+90) 216 564 9000 © 2026 Özyeğin Üniversitesi