Skip to main content Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Search Select any filter and click on Apply to see results Breadcrumb Home / Apply / International Applicants International Applicants Students come to Emory from more than 100 countries, bringing a wide range of languages, cultures, and experiences to our community. International students apply as first-year applicants and complete the same application requirements, along with additional requirements for English proficiency and financial documentation. First-Year Application Requirements To apply for undergraduate admission, international applicants must complete all the application requirements for first-year admission. Additionally, they must demonstrate English proficiency and provide financial certification. Review First-Year Requirements Additional Requirement: English Proficiency If English is not your primary language, you must show you're able to succeed academically in a rigorous, English-speaking classroom. You should be fluent in written and spoken English at the time you apply. Click below to learn more about TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo testing requirements and other ways to demonstrate English proficiency. REVIEW ENGLISH PROFICIENCY REQUIREMENTS Additional Requirement: Financial Certification International students are required to certify they have sufficient funds to cover all expenses while attending Emory University by submitting a Documentation of Finances or providing a statement from your bank or financial institution as proof of sufficient funding. COMPLETE FINANCIAL CERTIFICATION Additional Application Information Review additional information that may apply to your application, including international curricula, optional interviews, and supplemental materials. International Curricula Curricula such as the International Baccalaureate Diploma (IBDP), Advanced Placement (AP), and British A-Levels system are widely recognized as competitive, regardless of country. For communities and schools where these are not available, the following national systems are recognized as strong preparation for the academic experience at E/node/276mory University. While this list is robust, it is not comprehensive. Contact your regional admission officer if you have questions. Approved International Curriculum by Country Optional Virtual Interviews Emory University welcomes applications from students around the world and evaluates each applicant within the context of their educational environment as part of a holistic review process. International applicants may choose to submit a virtual interview through InitialView to share more about their background, interests, and communication skills. The interview provides an opportunity to present additional context beyond the written application through a live conversation with an interviewer. For applicants from Mainland China, Emory strongly recommends the InitialView interview and considers it the preferred option when available. While the interview is not required for admission, students from any country are welcome to submit one if they wish to provide further insight into their experiences and communication abilities. Please note that the InitialView interview is separate from and does not replace English language proficiency testing such as the TOEFL, IELTS, or the Duolingo English Test (DET) . For more information, review Emory's English proficiency requirements . Optional Supplemental Materials If you so choose, you may upload additional materials digitally to add to your application. Note that these materials are not required. These materials could include a resume, digital portfolio, or link to a YouTube page. Applicants should upload these materials themselves through their Emory applicant portal after they've applied. Our office is unable to process certain mailed materials such as printed books, booklets, laminated papers, spiral-bound publications, CDs, and/or USB drives. We encourage applicants to submit digital instead of mailed materials whenever possible. Financial Aid for International Students We offer need-based financial aid to a select group of international students each year. If you are applying for financial aid, we still require you to provide documentation of your finances. However, your documentation does not need to show you have sufficient funds to fully cover your first year at Emory. Learn more about financial aid eligibility and requirements for international applicants. Complete Documentation of Finances Explore Financial Aid Davis UWC Scholars at Emory Emory welcomes students from the United World College (UWC) community as part of the Davis UWC Scholars program. Learn more about the program and resources available to Davis UWC Scholars at Emory. EXPLORE THE DAVIS UWC SCHOLARS PROGRAM After You're Admitted Once you're admitted to Emory, there are important steps to prepare for studying in the United States. Learn about immigration requirements, student visas, health insurance, and other resources for international students. VISIT INTERNATIONAL STUDENT AND SCHOLAR SERVICES Student Visas and Immigration International students are required by US Immigration law to register as a full-time student every semester, except for the summer term. Therefore, admitted students should not make plans to leave their home country until they have received visa documents from us. In addition, every international student must have a passport or, if a refugee, an official travel document from their host nation. Insurance Medical insurance is mandatory for enrolling international students. Once accepted, you will receive further information about the mandatory insurance regulation. As an international student, you are automatically enrolled in the Accident and Sickness Insurance for Emory University Students plan unless you can demonstrate having equivalent coverage prior to registration. VISIT INTERNATIONAL STUDENT AND SCHOLAR SERVICES Support for International Students Emory offers resources to help international students navigate immigration requirements, transition to campus life, and make the most of their experience in the United States. Explore support available throughout your time at Emory. Atlanta Campus Support International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) supports international students on the Atlanta campus with immigration guidance, maintaining visa status, and adjusting to life at Emory and in the United States. Oxford Campus Support International students at Oxford College have access to resources and guidance to support their transition to Emory, immigration needs, and living and studying in the United States. Living in the United States Explore resources to help you adjust to life in the United States, from navigating everyday needs to connecting with the Emory and Atlanta communities. Need additional help? Connect with an admission representative for your region with questions about applying to Emory. FIND YOUR ADMISSION REPRESENTATIVE Emory Office of Undergraduate Admission 3263-001-1AA (omit for UPS, FedEx) 1390 Oxford Road NE Atlanta, GA 30322-1016 Contact Us Footer Left Apply Visit FAQs For Counselors Statement of Assurance Footer Right Join Our Mailing List Emory College Virtual Tour Oxford College Virtual Tour Blog © 2026 Emory University | Privacy | Title IX | EEO Employer-Disability/Veteran Statements