Skip to main content Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Requirements overview Standardized Exam Policies AP, IB, and College Credit Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Requirements overview Standardized Exam Policies AP, IB, and College Credit Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Search Select any filter and click on Apply to see results Breadcrumb Home / Apply / Requirements Requirements Applying to college can feel like a lot to navigate. We're here to help with guidelines and resources that make it easier to understand what's required to prepare your application. Application Apply to Emory University through the Common Application. Add Emory to your college list to access Emory's application questions and submit the materials required for your application. There is a $75 application fee, though fee waivers are available for eligible applicants. Be sure to submit your application by the deadline for your application plan. APPLY THROUGH COMMON APP Personal Essay and College Questions Your application is an opportunity to tell us more about who you are. Your personal essay and short-answer responses add context to your academic record and help the admission committee learn more about your experiences, interests, and perspective. Use these responses to share what matters to you in your own voice. Looking for inspiration? Explore examples of strong essays to see how other students have approached their personal statements. School Reports and Transcripts Official submissions of your school reports and transcripts can only be made by a school official, like a counselor. We do not accept these documents from the applicant. Your counselor can upload your High School Report and Transcript, as well as your Mid-Year Report and Transcript (when applicable) directly to the Common App. Teacher Evaluations and Recommendations Carefully choose teachers from core academic subjects-English, math, science, social studies, world languages, or visual and performing arts-to provide an assessment of your academic performance. Ask a teacher who pushed you to grow, knows your strengths in depth, or witnessed you work through a real challenge, not just the teacher who gave you the best grade, to submit a formal evaluation via the Common App. Beyond the Basics The following items are not requirements for all applicants. However, if you choose to submit these elements, they can add character and dimension to your application. Standardized Test Scores Only after we've reviewed your high school transcript, personal statement, short answer responses, and extracurricular activities, do we turn to your standardized test scores. Usually, they confirm the impressions we have from the rest of your application. AP, IB, and College Credit We know you're an exceptional student, and you've worked hard to earn academic credit that may be applied to courses in college. Here are some parameters around what type of credit Emory does (and does not) accept. Still Have Questions? We're here to help. Connect with our admission team, hear from current Emory students, or join our mailing list to stay connected and get the information you need. Connect with Our Admission Staff Emory Office of Undergraduate Admission 3263-001-1AA (omit for UPS, FedEx) 1390 Oxford Road NE Atlanta, GA 30322-1016 Contact Us Footer Left Apply Visit FAQs For Counselors Statement of Assurance Footer Right Join Our Mailing List Emory College Virtual Tour Oxford College Virtual Tour Blog © 2026 Emory University | Privacy | Title IX | EEO Employer-Disability/Veteran Statements