Top of page Skip to main content Office of Financial Aid Menu Types of Aid Types of Aid Overview Grants and Scholarships Student Employment Loans Apply for Aid (current) Apply for Aid Overview Before You Apply New Students Returning Students Managing Your Aid Managing Aid Overview Your Financial Aid Package Disbursement Summer Study and Education Abroad Maintaining Eligibility Special Circumstances Resources Veteran's Education Benefits Undocumented Students Financial Literacy Overview Student Hardship Fund Forms & Other Resources Financial Operations Rights and Responsibilities Consumer Information OPUS FAQs Contact Us Main content Financial Aid at Emory Undergraduate Aid Apply for Aid New Students International Students Undergraduate Aid for International Students Emory's undergraduate student body is comprised of students from around the globe. Each year we offer need-based financial aid packages to a select group of international students. To be considered for need-based financial aid, please apply under our Regular Decision plan . International students also may apply for merit-based scholarships through the Emory University Scholar programs . Click below to learn more about the financial aid process and resources for international students. Who is considered an International Student? Emory defines international students as those who are not US citizens or permanent residents. If you fall into another eligible noncitizen category like, humanitarian parolee, Cuban-Haitian entrant, refugee status, asylum status, you qualify for Title IV and Emory need-based aid. If you hold an F1, F2, J1, J2, G, or H series visa ( http://isss.emory.edu/students/getting_your_visa/index.html ) - you qualify as an international student Applying for Financial Aid International students must apply for financial aid during the admission process. We recommend that you apply for need-based financial aid only if you have no other resources to fund your education. Students seeking permanent residency status in the US will only be considered for financial aid once their proof of that status is provided to Emory. The Financial Aid Application Process & Considerations Select "yes" to the Common Application or Coalition Application question that asks about applying for financial aid Complete the CSS Profile before February 5th if you think you will need financial assistance at any time during your education NOTE: Only students who apply for and receive financial aid in their first year will be eligible for aid in the future. Submit your tax returns or foreign country equivalent to the College Board's Institutional Documentation (IDOC) Service before February 5 NOTE: Signed copies of tax documents must be translated to English, converted to USD, and include the currency conversion rate used Create a plan for contributing financially for your education, including paying for travel to and from home NOTE: Emory cannot assume financial responsibility for currency fluctuations or replace any current financial support that may be lost in the future (such as from relatives, sponsors, government and corporate agencies, or other sources). Merit Scholarships for International Students Emory University's Office of Undergraduate Admission offers merit-based scholarships to a limited number of international students each year. All citizens of foreign countries who are not permanent residents of the United States (living in the US or abroad) will be considered for these opportunities. Selection is highly competitive and funding is limited. International Students interested in Emory's merit scholarships should apply through the University's Scholar programs before December. Need help? Discuss your Financial Aid details with one of our advisors. Contact us and schedule an appointment Apply for Aid Before You Apply New Students Parents and Families Dependency Status International Students Returning Students Back to main content Back to top Office of Financial Aid Contact Us FAQs Undergraduate Student Aid Graduate Student Aid OPUS Student Portal Emory University Office of Financial Aid 200 Dowman Drive Boisfeuillet Jones Center, Suite 300 Atlanta, GA 30322-1016 404-727-6039 800-727-6039 404-727-6709 finaid@emory.edu Oxford College Financial Aid Team 801 Emory Street Oxford, GA 30054 770-784-8328 800-723-8328 404-727-6709 ox.finaid@emory.edu Copyright © Emory University EO/AA Statement | Copyright Back to top