Skip to main content Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Requirements overview Standardized Exam Policies AP, IB, and College Credit Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Requirements overview Standardized Exam Policies AP, IB, and College Credit Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Search Select any filter and click on Apply to see results Breadcrumb Home / Apply / Requirements / Standardized Exam Policies Standardized Exam Policies Requirements Standardized Exam Policies AP, IB, and College Credit Emory University is Test Optional for the 2026-2027 application cycle. Applicants who choose to submit test scores may self-report or supply official SAT, ACT, TOEFL, and IELTS test scores. Test Scores Official scores can be sent to Emory University. Self-reported scores can be uploaded to your applicant portal. Please note, the writing portion is not required by Emory University. This underscores Emory University's commitment to be accessible and affordable for all students. Self-Reported May be submitted (and updated) in any of the following ways: Enter scores in the testing section of the Common Application or QuestBridge Application Submit screenshots or scanned copies of score in your applicant portal . Verification of Self-Reported Test Scores If you choose to submit test scores with your application, students who are admitted on the basis of self-reported test scores and choose to enroll at Emory University will be required to submit official test scores. Test score verification occurs in June/July before August enrollment. Based on the official score report(s), we will verify the accuracy of self-reported scores. Any negative discrepancy between official and self-reported scores may result in withdrawal of the offer of admission. Official May be submitted in any of the following ways: Sent directly from the testing agency Uploaded by the student's high school counselor to the free platform Slate.org Sent directly by the student's high school counselor via notation on an official transcript, and emailed to admission@emory.edu Standardized Exams SAT/ACT Emory University is test optional for first-year students who would start in fall 2027. SAT/ACT scores are not required. If submitted, test scores will be reviewed as a demonstration of the applicant's academic preparation. Review the test-optional policy in full. Test-optional policy FAQs . ACT Science: Emory University accepts both the Classic ACT and the updated Core ACT (ie ACT with or without Science section). Emory University will continue to consider the highest composite ACT score submitted, regardless of whether it includes the optional Science section. Emory superscores both the SAT and the ACT. For the SAT, Emory considers the highest section scores across all test attempts submitted. For the ACT, the four best subject scores from all submitted test attempts are averaged to reach the highest composite score. A student's application is updated each time we receive new scores from either the SAT or the ACT. AP/IB You are encouraged to self-report AP and IB exam scores on your application, but official exam results do not need to be sent at the time of application. Review our AP, IB, and college credit policies for further details. Emory University values the academic achievements and potential of all applicants. As part of our commitment to a holistic review process and understanding academic excellence, we encourage students to report scores of 3 or higher from their Advanced Placement (AP) examinations. Emory University encourages all applicants, including those applying as SAT/ACT optional, to self-report their AP exam scores of 3 or higher at the time of application. This self-reporting can be done through the Common Application or the Questbridge Application. If admitted and choosing to enroll at Emory University, students will be required to submit official AP score reports from the College Board to verify their self-reported scores. Testing Codes 5187 - SAT/TOEFL 0810 - ACT Testing Deadlines If you choose to submit test scores with your application, our office accepts self-reported test scores after application deadlines, but we encourage you to send in scores by the deadline if you are able. Please refer to the chart below for our recommendations. If the scores arrive before your application is reviewed, they will be considered. The review of your application, however, will not be delayed to wait for new scores. Testing Deadline Application Plan Application Deadline Last Date for Standardized Exam* Early Decision I November 1 Typically, scores from November exams arrive in time for consideration. Scholar Program November 15 Typically, scores from late November and early December arrive in time for consideration. Early Decision II January 1 Exams must be taken and sent prior to the January 1 deadline. We cannot consider scores from January exams. Regular Decision January 1 Typically, scores from January exams arrive in time for consideration. Scores from February or later cannot be considered. *Students Living Overseas: We encourage you to learn about the tests offered in your country and register to take them as early as possible. In recent years, the capacity of testing centers has changed, and in some cases, there have been delays in universities receiving scores due to delays by the testing agencies. International Students Applicants who do not use English as their primary language must demonstrate the ability to be successful in a rigorous English-speaking environment. Applicants must be fluent in written and spoken English at the time they apply. The review of English proficiency is viewed in the context of each application. Students can demonstrate exceptional command of the English language through any one of the following criteria: A 700+ Evidence-based Reading and Writing score on the SAT A 30+ English subset score on the ACT Spending the most recent four years in a school where English is the language of instruction for all academic subjects (excluding global/world language) If you do not meet that criteria, one of the following additional exams is required with your application. Only one of the three must be submitted. English Proficiency Exam Expectations To ensure students are well-prepared for academic success in an English-language environment, Emory expects strong performance on recognized English proficiency exams. While the university does not use strict score cutoffs, the following scores are recommended to demonstrate readiness for college-level coursework. TOEFL iBT (Internet-Based Test) Expected score: 100 on the previous 0-120 scale (not a strict cutoff). As of January 21, 2026, TOEFL iBT uses a new 1-6 scoring scale (reported in 0.5 increments). Recommended score on the new scale: 5.5 or higher. During the transition period, both the old and new scores will be reported. TOEFL ITP Expected level: C1 on the CEFR (Common European Framework of Reference for Languages). TOEFL ITP Plus (Mainland China only) Acceptable scores align with CEFR C1, typically 63-68 in each section: Listening Reading Structure and Written Expression IELTS Expected overall band score: 7.5 (not a strict cutoff). Duolingo English Test (DET) Applicants may submit the Duolingo English Test (DET) to satisfy Emory's English-language testing requirement. The online test combines an English proficiency assessment with a brief, unscored video interview and can be completed from anywhere with reliable internet access. Emory's most competitive applicants typically score above 130 out of 160 on the scored portion of the test. Fee Waivers: Emory provides DET fee waivers on a case-by-case basis after a student submits the Common Application or QuestBridge Application. Prospective students cannot request a waiver directly. Eligible students who need a waiver will be contacted by email using the address provided in their application. Emory Office of Undergraduate Admission 3263-001-1AA (omit for UPS, FedEx) 1390 Oxford Road NE Atlanta, GA 30322-1016 Contact Us Footer Left Apply Visit FAQs For Counselors Statement of Assurance Footer Right Join Our Mailing List Emory College Virtual Tour Oxford College Virtual Tour Blog © 2026 Emory University | Privacy | Title IX | EEO Employer-Disability/Veteran Statements