Skip to main content Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Search Select any filter and click on Apply to see results Breadcrumb Home / Apply / First-Year Applicants First-Year Applicants As a first-year student at Emory, you'll step into a collaborative environment where students, faculty, and staff work together to tackle big questions and create meaningful change. We're looking for students who bring bold ideas, global perspectives, and a desire to grow through community. Rigor and Courses Academic Preparation The classes you take and the grades you earn matter. We value students who challenge themselves and succeed, adjusting our review based on each high school's standards. While test scores are optional, strong grades in advanced courses can offset lower scores, and high scores alone can't make up for poor grades. Learn more about our test optional policy. Teacher Insight Teacher Recommendations Teachers know you best in the classroom, and we want to know what they think about you. Consider asking for recommendations not only from teachers in courses where you excelled, but also from those where you faced and overcame challenges. They can provide us with unique insights into your resilience and character. Authentic Voice Essays and Short Answers This is your place to show us who you are. We're looking for students who have a voice, who are intellectually curious, and who have demonstrated an engagement with the world around them. Take time to pick the topic that suits you best and be sure to proofread your work before submitting it. Engagement and Contribution Activities and Engagement We value students who will contribute to life beyond school-on campus, in Atlanta, and in the world. What will you gain from our community, and what will you give? Whether through clubs, sports, work, family, research, or service, we want to know how you make an impact. Ready to take the next step? Add Emory University to your college list in the Common Application. Add Emory to your Common App What Emory Looks For In this video, Emory's assistant vice provost and executive director of admission, Mark Butt, shares what we look for in applicants and explains how the admission process works. Getting Started Whether you're applying Early Decision or Regular Decision, getting started is easy. Submit the Common Application to Emory College, Oxford College, or both. We review each application holistically-so be genuine, share your story, and show how you'll make an impact at Emory. Start Your Application Apply through the Common App: Begin by adding Emory University to your list of colleges on the Common Application . Select Emory Scholar Consideration: Select "Yes" or "No" to be considered for the Emory Scholars Programs. Write Your Essays Personal Essay: Complete the general Common App personal statement. College Questions: Answer the two additional short answer questions specific to Emory's application. Request Teacher Evaluations and Recommendations Two Teacher Evaluations: Request letters from two core academic teachers (e.g., English, math, science, social studies, or foreign language). Provide Test Scores (if applicable) TOEFL or IELTS (Recommended): If English is not your first language, submit TOEFL or IELTS scores. SAT/ACT (Optional): You may self-report scores in the Common App or send official ones. AP Scores: You may self-report scores in the Common App or send official ones. NOTE: Emory is test optional for the 2026-2027 application cycle. Applicants my choose to self-report or submit official test scores. Review our detailed policy for standardized tests and test optional policy . Pay Application Fee or Request a Fee Waiver Submit a $75 application fee or request a fee waiver. Ready to Apply? How to Apply Plans and Deadlines Application Requirements Emory Office of Undergraduate Admission 3263-001-1AA (omit for UPS, FedEx) 1390 Oxford Road NE Atlanta, GA 30322-1016 Contact Us Footer Left Apply Visit FAQs For Counselors Statement of Assurance Footer Right Join Our Mailing List Emory College Virtual Tour Oxford College Virtual Tour Blog © 2026 Emory University | Privacy | Title IX | EEO Employer-Disability/Veteran Statements