Top of page Skip to main content Office of Undergraduate Admission Menu Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Connect Visit Discover Overview About Visit Contact Us For Counselors Academics Overview Majors and Minors Learning at Emory Applying Knowledge Advising Community Overview Atlanta Campus Oxford Campus Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Overview Types of Aid International How to Apply Scholar Programs Apply (current) Overview First-Year International Transfer Homeschooled Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Main content Admission Apply to Emory University First-Year Applicants Plans and Deadlines Emory University closes most academic and administrative offices for Winter Recess, the three days between the Christmas and New Year holidays. The Office of Undergraduate Admission will be closed from Dec. 24, 2025 to Jan. 1, 2026, reopening on Friday, Jan. 2, 2026. Please check our FAQs Over Winter Break blog post for additional information and resources during this time. Emory University Remains SAT/ACT Optional for 2025-2026. Learn more here . Starting Fall 2026, students whose families earn $200,000 or less will pay no tuition at Emory. Learn more here . Our admission staff travel across the U.S. and around the world to meet prospective students and families-check our travel calendar to see when Emory will be in your area and register for an event near you. Plans and Deadlines Choosing the right application plan is an important step in your Emory journey. Whether Early Decision or Regular Decision, this page outlines key dates and requirements-helping you select the option that best fits your goals. Emory has no preference; choose the plan that works for you. Fall Application Deadlines Fall Application Deadlines Application Plan Application Deadline Financial Aid Deadline Decision Notification Early Decision I November 1 December 2 By December 15 Emory University Scholar Programs November 15 Based on selected decision plan By March 1 Early Decision II January 1 January 6 By February 15 Regular Decision January 1 February 10 By April 1 Fall Transfer March 15 March 17 By Early May Early Decision If Emory is your first-choice school, apply through one of two Early Decision (ED) plans-to Emory, Oxford, or both. You may also apply ED to one and Regular Decision to the other. Both ED plans are binding:if we make the education affordable, you must pay your admission deposit and enroll. Learn More about Early Decision Regular Decision Applying Regular Decision allows you more time to make your college choice and is the traditional, nonbinding application. Applicants can apply to Emory College, Oxford College, or to both schools with one application. The majority of our applicants apply Regular Decision. Learn More about Regular Decision Oxford Launch: London Oxford Launch: London is a selective program for first-year students to start their Oxford College journey abroad. Fifty students will study with Oxford faculty in the UK while taking courses and immersing themselves in London life. Learn More about Oxford launch Apply to Emory University First-Year Applicants Plans and Deadlines Early Decision Regular Decision QuestBridge Application Tips Check My Application Status International Applicants Transfer Applicants Homeschooled Students Other Applicants How to Apply to Emory University Frequently Asked Questions Missing Application Items Additional Programs to Consider Here are additional programs and deadlines to consider as you apply to Emory University. Emory Scholars Program Emory's merit-based Scholars Program provides financial awards, academic enrichment, and a vibrant community. To be considered, submit your Common Application by November 15 and choose Early Decision I, Early Decision II, or Regular Decision. QuestBridge QuestBridge partners with top universities to support high-achieving, low-income students. If you apply to Emory through QuestBridge, complete the National College Match application and rank Emory as one of your top-choice schools. Add Emory to your Common App Add Emory Back to main content Back to top Check My Application Status Contact Us Apply Visit Emory College Virtual Tour Oxford College Virtual Tour FAQs Join Our Mailing List For Counselors Statement of Assurance Instagram Facebook YouTube Admission Blog Emory University Office of Undergraduate Admission 3263-001-1AA (omit for UPS, FedEx) 1390 Oxford Road NE Atlanta, GA 30322-1016 404.727.6036 404.727.4303 admission@emory.edu