Skip to main content Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Main navigation Home Why Emory Why Emory overview Emory at a Glance Student Profile After Graduation Visit Contact Us Academics Academics overview Majors and Minors Applying Knowledge Advising Emory Experience Emory Experience overview Emory College Oxford College Atlanta Oxford - Covington Financial Aid Financial Aid overview Types of Aid International Apply for Aid Scholar Programs Apply Apply overview Plans and Deadlines Requirements Check My Status First-Year Applicants Homeschooled Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Other Applicants How to Apply FAQs Missing Application Items Add Emory to Common App Add Emory to Common App Check My Status Check My Status Visit-Connect Navigation Connect Visit Search Select any filter and click on Apply to see results Breadcrumb Home / Financial Aid Making College Affordable Emory offers one of the nation's most generous financial aid programs to help students attend college. For first-degree domestic undergraduates, need-based loans have been replaced with institutional grants. And students from families earning up to $200,000, with typical assets, qualify for free tuition. An Emory education within reach $0 cost of tuition for eligible families with earnings up to $200,000 and typical assets 100% of students receiving financial aid have no loans in their financial aid packages Emory Advantage Plus To qualify, students must be domestic, first-degree undergraduates eligible for federal financial aid (i.e., US citizens) enrolled at least half time during the fall and spring in one of Emory's four undergraduate schools: Emory College, Oxford College, Goizueta Business School, or the School of Nursing. Families must have total earnings of up to $200,000, based on FAFSA and CSS Profile, with typical assets. Students must qualify for need-based aid, which is reviewed annually. The program covers up to eight semesters of tuition (fall and spring only). No additional application is required for the Emory Advantage Plus program. Undergraduate students and their families should follow Emory's standard financial aid application process by submitting the FAFSA and CSS Profile . Learn more about Emory Advantage Plus Cost of Attendance The term "cost of attendance" refers to an estimate of the total amount it will cost to attend college for one academic period. This includes tuition and fees, on-campus room and board (or housing and food costs for students living off-campus), and costs for books, supplies, and transportation. Learn more about the cost of attendance for your undergraduate school or program at Emory. Understand How Financial Aid Is Calculated Apply for Financial Aid in 3 Steps Estimate Your College Costs MyinTuition Answer six questions and estimate your college costs in as few as three minutes. Net Price Calculator Find out how much your family may be expected to contribute and the types of financial aid you may qualify for. Instant Net Price Estimator View an estimated net price based on your family's annual income. Important Information for Families Apply for Financial Aid Information you need to apply 5187 CSS Profile code 001564 FAFSA code Emory University Scholar Programs Emory offers partial to full merit-based scholarships through the Emory University Scholar programs. Beyond their financial impact, these merit awards offer resources and support that empower students to reach their full potential and make an impact while at Emory and beyond. Learn more about our Scholar Programs Financial Aid Deadlines Financial Aid Deadlines Application Plan EARLY DECISION I EARLY DECISION II REGULAR DECISION FALL TRANSFER Financial Aid Deadline December 2 January 6 February 10 March 17 Financial Aid Award Notifications December February April May Types of Financial Aid From federal, state, and private aid to institutional grants and scholarships, learn more about financial aid options. Explore Undergraduate Financial Aid Grants and Scholarships These funding sources do not need to be repaid. Amounts can be determined based on demonstrated need or academic merit. Educational Loans Can provide additional funding support after scholarships and grants are applied. These loans require repayment once enrollment drops below half time. Scholar Programs Scholarships, dedicated programming, and distinct opportunities for exceptional incoming first-year students chosen as Woodruff and Goizueta Scholars. Work Study Need-based awards that provide paid on-campus employment crucial for gaining work experience and assisting with educational expenses. International Students Each year we offer need-based financial aid packages to a select group of international students. Veterans We offer college funding sources and options for students and families receiving veterans' education benefits. Questbridge A national program that identifies high-achieving, low-income students and connects them with the nation's best colleges and universities. Explore Undergraduate Financial Aid Need Help with Aid? Get answers to any questions you may have and discuss financial aid details with one of our advisers. Schedule an Appointment Emory Office of Undergraduate Admission 3263-001-1AA (omit for UPS, FedEx) 1390 Oxford Road NE Atlanta, GA 30322-1016 Contact Us Footer Left Apply Visit FAQs For Counselors Statement of Assurance Footer Right Join Our Mailing List Emory College Virtual Tour Oxford College Virtual Tour Blog © 2026 Emory University | Privacy | Title IX | EEO Employer-Disability/Veteran Statements