Skip to the content English - International Students 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students International Admissions - Duke Kunshan University International Admissions 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS How to Apply Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US Search for: Close search Register for a virtual visit Register for an info session Join our mailing list Close Menu WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS Show sub menu How to Apply Show sub menu Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Show sub menu Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US How to Apply The Duke Kunshan Admissions team takes a holistic approach when reviewing applications. This means that all application requirements are taken into consideration, ensuring the most suitable candidates are admitted on the strength of their application as a whole. How to Apply: Applications to Duke Kunshan University are submitted using the Common App website . We begin accepting applications for the 2027 entry term in August 2026. Application Deadlines (2027 Entry Term): Early decision application deadline: November 2, 2026 (11:59pm ET) Regular decision application deadline: January 4, 2027 (11:59pm ET) 2026-2027 International Student Application Checklist Application for Admission • Submitted by the applicant via the Common Application* • There is no application fee • To be considered for need-based aid, check "yes" to financial aid; refer to the CSS Profile section below - International applicants must be non-Chinese citizens. Please click here for information on how to determine your eligibility as an international student. • The application includes the Common App essay and 2 DKU-specific essays: 1. "Why do you think Duke Kunshan University is a good match for you? And what special qualities do you feel you could bring to Duke Kunshan University?" (Required) 2. "Is there anything else you would like the Admissions Committee to know about you?" (Optional) School Report • Provided by the applicant's high school counselor or an official of the applicant's high school who serves in an advisory capacity (identified as the Counselor in the Common App) • The initial School Report is required to complete the application • The Mid Year Report should be submitted, if available, after the completion of the first semester of the senior year • The Final Report is required for enrolling students or for a student who has already graduated at the time of application Counselor Recommendation • Provided by the applicant's high school counselor or an official of the applicant's high school who serves in an advisory capacity (identified as the Counselor in the Common App) • This is required to complete the application Secondary School Credentials • Provided by the applicant's high school counselor or registrar, or other official of the applicant's high school (identified as the Counselor in the Common App) • An "official" version of the transcript has the signature of a school official, has the high school stamp or seal, and/or has been sent electronically by the school and is on school letterhead. • The initial Transcript (Official) is required to complete the application • The Mid Year Transcript (Official) should be submitted, if available, after the completion of the first semester of the senior year • If the applicant attended multiple high schools, all transcripts must be submitted by an official from the school • If courses were taken for credit outside of high school, associated transcripts are also required to be submitted by an official from the school • The Final Transcript (Official): For applicants who have already graduated: the final transcript is required with their application for admission. For applicants who have not yet graduated: the final transcript must be submitted prior to Fall enrollment. • External Exam results (if applicable) - This includes, but is not limited to: International Baccalaureate, WAEC, SSCE, German Abitur, French Baccalauréat, GCSE, A-Levels, CBSE X/AISSCE X, National Exams, Leaving Exams - If final results are not available, predicted scores can be provided from the school counselor or official - Final results are required prior to enrollment - Exam results should be sent from the appropriate testing authority and/or high school official • A certified Graduation Certificate/Secondary Education Diploma (If applicable) Teacher Evaluation/Recommendation • Provided by the teachers identified by the applicant in the Common Application • Two (2) teacher evaluations/recommendations are required to complete the application • Submitted by the teachers electronically via Common App or other school system Test Scores • SAT or ACT test scores ( optional ) - Applicants indicate in the Common App their decision to use test scores; if submitting test scores: - No minimum test score is required for admission - Self-reported scores can be submitted with an application - Verified scores are required prior to enrollment and should be sent directly from the testing agency - SAT Subject Test are optional - International testing school codes for Duke Kunshan University: SAT - 7059 ACT - 0621 • English Proficiency Tests ( optional ) If you are a non-native English speaker or if you are not currently studying in an English-medium curriculum, we recommend but do not require that you take an English proficiency test. If you take the test more than once, we will use your highest score, and we do not have any preference among English proficiency tests. - Duolingo (Minimum score expected is 130) - IELTS (Minimum band score expected is 7) - PTE Academic (Minimum score expected is 70) - TOEFL (Minimum scores expected: 5 after Jan. 21, 2026, or 100 before Jan. 21, 2026 on the internet-based TOEFL) - Cambridge C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency (Minimum score expected is 180) Other Recommendation (optional) • Provided by the recommenders selected by the applicant in the Common Application (these can be an external educational agent or advisor, additional teachers, coaches, or community members) • Submitted by the recommenders electronically via Common App or other school system Video Supplement (Optional) • After you submit your application, record a short video response to a randomized prompt, directly from your portal. This is not required but is highly recommended. • There is no cost to record a video in the portal. • Click here for more information about recording a video, and to watch an instructional video. • Additionally, applicants who have an InitialView interview or glimpse recording may send their video(s) to DKU via their IntialView account. Applicants can also choose to share their Duolingo video and essay prompt with DKU. CSS Profile (required if seeking financial aid) • Required only if applying for need-based financial aid; DKU is a need-aware institution • Submitted by the applicant and their family via the College Board - Additional documentation may be required via IDOC • The CSS code for Duke Kunshan University is 7059 • The College Board charges students a fee between $16 and $25 for the CSS profile. Some students may be eligible for a fee waiver. To learn more, please visit the CSS Profile Fee Waiver website . • NOTE: Admitted international students who did not apply for financial aid at the time of admission are ineligible to apply for financial aid at any later point in their undergraduate study. • NOTE: DKU is not designated as a foreign eligible institution for U.S. Federal Student Aid and associated savings and loan programs. (FAFSA is not needed to apply for financial aid at DKU.) • NOTE: Eligible students that intend to apply for the Global Leaders Full Scholarship Award must also submit an additional application by the deadline to be considered. Valid Passport Incoming international students need to hold a valid foreign (non-Chinese) passport and should submit a copy of the passport photo page using the DKU Applicant portal prior to enrollment *Applicants to Duke University may also indicate in Common App their decision to share their Duke application for admission with Duke Kunshan University. Click here for details. NOTE, upon Duke application submission, only those application materials submitted at that time will be shared with DKU. All materials supplied afterwards, including transcripts, school reports, recommendation letters, etc. must be sent to both universities. Also, if applicable, all CSS Profile documentation must be sent to both universities. DKU International Admissions accepts applicant documentation from school officials via: • Common App • Naviance • MaiaLearning • Parchment • SCOIR • Slate.org • Email at intl-admissions@dukekunshan.edu.cn Postal Mail sent to: US Based Office International Enrollment Office, DKU 410 Swift Avenue Duke Box 104805 Durham, NC 27705 USA China Based Office Duke Kunshan University No. 8 Duke Avenue Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, China 215316 APPLY NOW Common Application Checklist: School report Counselor recommendation High school transcripts Teacher evaluations (2 required, 1 optional) Other evaluations (2 optional) SAT or ACT test score ( optional for Fall 2022 applications ) No minimum test score is required for admission International testing school codes for Duke Kunshan University: SAT - 7059 ACT - 0621 Personal Essays DKU-specific essay prompts: "Why do you think Duke Kunshan University is a good match for you? And what special qualities do you feel you could bring to Duke Kunshan University?" (Required) "Is there anything else you would like the Admissions Committee to know about you?" (Optional) CSS Profile (Required only if applying for financial aid ) APPLY NOW More Resources: Qualities We Look For In A Successful Candidate Test-Optional Policy For 2026-2027 Application Cycle Frequently Asked Questions IEM Guardianship Guidelines for Families International Student Application Eligibility Duke Kunshan-Duke-NUS Medicine Pathway © 2026 Duke Kunshan University 苏ICP备16021093号 Privacy Statement 639