Skip to the content English - International Students 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students International Admissions - Duke Kunshan University International Admissions 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS How to Apply Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US Search for: Close search Register for a virtual visit Register for an info session Join our mailing list Close Menu WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS Show sub menu How to Apply Show sub menu Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Show sub menu Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Duke Kunshan University seeks a high caliber yet diverse cohort of students, and thus makes available both merit-based scholarships and need-based financial aid to assist the Class of 2031 with the cost of tuition, and in select cases, additional cost of attendance. Merit-Based Scholarships Duke Kunshan University offers a number of merit-based scholarships. These scholarships may be awarded to admitted students who distinguish themselves in academics, character, extracurriculars, talent, service, and other areas worthy of commendation. All applicants for admission are automatically considered for all available merit scholarships. A separate application is not required. • Award Process: Scholarship awards are announced at the time of acceptance. Need-Based Financial Aid Need-based financial aid is reserved for admitted students with strong academic records yet a demonstrated lack of financial resources to cover tuition payments. The university has a substantial pool of funding dedicated to supporting students with need. We encourage all qualified candidates with financial need to apply to Duke Kunshan University. Admission decisions are based on the overall assessment of all application materials. However, in order to best support the financial needs of all students who ultimately enroll, Duke Kunshan has a need-aware admissions process that may place some consideration on an applicant's level of financial need in relation to available space and funds. • Award Process: Financial aid awards are announced at the time of acceptance. Please follow these steps to apply for financial aid: 1. When applying to Duke Kunshan University via the Common Application , you must indicate "yes" in the check-box referring to interest in receiving consideration for need-based financial aid. 2. Submit a completed CSS Profile along with your application. (The latest deadlines are Nov. 5 for ED and Jan. 15 for RD.) a. The CSS code for Duke Kunshan University is 7059. b. The College Board charges students a fee between $16 and $25 for the CSS profile. Some students may be eligible for a fee waiver. To learn more, please visit the CSS Profile Fee Waiver website. 3. Some applicants may be asked to submit supporting documents. If you are required, you will receive an email from the College Board IDOC service after you complete the CSS PROFILE. Additionally, your DKU Financial Aid Checklist on your application portal will be updated as well. For more information, please contact: international-finaid@dukekunshan.edu.cn Click here to learn more about how to apply for Financial Support at Duke Kunshan University. Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship (for Fall 2027 Entry) To reach talented students with significant financial hardship, Duke Kunshan University will offer a very select number of full scholarships for the Class of 2031's international students. These awards cover the full cost of tuition and the majority of non-tuition costs associated with enrollment including books, airfare, housing, food, and local health insurance. To be considered for these awards, eligible international applicants must demonstrate full financial need, exceptional academic achievement and leadership potential. Further information could be found here . Notice: • Duke Kunshan University is not designated as a foreign eligible institution for U.S. Federal Student Aid and associated savings and loan programs. Therefore, the FAFSA is not needed to apply for financial aid at Duke Kunshan University. • Admitted international students who did not apply for financial aid during the admissions application phase are ineligible to apply for financial aid for any year of undergraduate study. © 2026 Duke Kunshan University 苏ICP备16021093号 Privacy Statement 1229