Skip to the content English - International Students 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students International Admissions - Duke Kunshan University International Admissions 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS How to Apply Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US Search for: Close search Register for a virtual visit Register for an info session Join our mailing list Close Menu WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS Show sub menu How to Apply Show sub menu Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Show sub menu Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US Categories ADMISSIONS Tuition & Cost Of Attendance Post author By chang liu Post date October 6, 2020 Tuition and Cost of Attendance Annual Costs for International Students 2026-2027 Academic Year Tuition & Fees $73,740 Insurance $2,073 Room $2,350 Books, supplies, miscellaneous $2,610 Board $3,292 Total Estimated Cost：$84,065 *exclusive of transportation costs Notes: - All fees and rates provided at this time are estimates and are subject to change. - A Duke Kunshan University payment plan is available for international students to allow for tuition, fees and residence charges to be paid in four installments per year (two installments per semester). Further information can be found here . - Duke Kunshan student residence and dining facilities are closed during the winter break between the fall and spring semesters. - Residence charge of single room is 11,250 RMB/1,603 USD per semester, double room is 8,250 RMB/1,175 USD per semester . There is no additional residence charge for students taking the required Chinese Society and Cultural courses during the summer. - All international students are required to be enrolled in a medical health insurance plan. DKU offers sponsored plans. Additionally, students can apply for a waiver if they can provide proof, in English, of existing coverage for inpatient and outpatient treatment in mainland China that exceeds or is commensurate with levels of coverage included in the DKU sponsored plan. For more information, please visit: DKU International Student Insurance. - Textbook fees will be charged at an estimated amount and the overpayment will be refunded. - Students planning to pursue a Study Away program through DKU, including the semester at Duke University, DKU GO or GO-FLEX, or other official exchange partners, should prepare to cover any incremental costs associated with these programs. For the study away semester at Duke University, the incremental costs are calculated to be approximately $7,500-$9,500, depending on required health insurance needs. Flights are not included in this estimate. - For other programs, direct and indirect costs as well as Financial Aid eligibility vary depending on the program you choose. Students can compare the cost of these programs on the Office of Global Education-Finances webpage. - Students are also responsible for covering the full cost of any summer programs in which they participate, including those at Duke. The cost of a summer term at Duke including tuition is currently calculated to be approximately USD 9,500 (students who choose courses with science labs will pay approximately USD 1,000 more for one science course). - More information about these programs is available on the OGE homepage or by contacting their office at dku-globaledu@dukekunshan.edu.cn . More Resources: Qualities We Look For In A Successful Candidate Test-Optional Policy For 2026-2027 Application Cycle Frequently Asked Questions Scholarship and Financial Aid → Download Center © 2026 Duke Kunshan University 苏ICP备16021093号 Privacy Statement 205