Skip to the content English - International Students 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students International Admissions - Duke Kunshan University International Admissions 中文 - 中国学生 English - International Students WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS How to Apply Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US Search for: Close search Register for a virtual visit Register for an info session Join our mailing list Close Menu WHY DUKE KUNSHAN ADMISSIONS Show sub menu How to Apply Show sub menu Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate Test-optional Policy Admissions Video Supplement Tuition & Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Financial Aid Show sub menu Merit Scholarships and Need-Based Financial Aid Scholarship Sources Duke Kunshan University Full Scholarship Undergraduate Brochure Frequently Asked Questions UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES CAMPUS LIFE CONTACT VISIT US Categories ADMISSIONS Test-optional Policy Post author By Post date October 29, 2020 Test-Optional Policy for Fall 2026-2027 Application Cycle Test-Optional Policy for 2026-2027 Application Cycle Duke Kunshan will continue to offer a test-optional policy for the 2026-2027 application cycle. Based on their circumstances, applicants choose in the admission application whether or not they will provide their results from the SAT or ACT exams. The admissions committee places emphasis on all components of all applications, including high school performance, application essays, recommendation letters, and, in some cases, an admissions interview. Submitting SAT or ACT results can strengthen an application by establishing broader context for the student's achievements. However, applicants who do not submit an SAT or ACT will not be at a disadvantage in our admissions process. Although there are no additional requirements for those who opt to not submit a test score, applicants are welcome to submit any additional academic measurements that they feel may strengthen their application, such as national /external exam scores. Frequently Asked Questions 01 • Why is DKU extending the test-optional policy for Fall 2027? In recognition of the disparate levels of preparation and access to the SAT and ACT around the world and because of our ongoing commitment to recruiting a diverse population of students, Duke Kunshan offers a test-optional policy for the 2026-2027 application cycle. 02 • If I submit my test results, will they be considered as part of my application? Yes, your test results will be included with your application. 03 • How will my application be reviewed if I don't submit SAT or ACT scores? Duke Kunshan reviews all international applicants holistically and in the context of their academic environment. This includes curriculum, school, region, and other relevant circumstances as described in the application. In the absence of SAT or ACT scores, other academic materials that are provided with the application will be considered, such as national/external exam results. 04 • Can I strengthen my application if I submit SAT or ACT scores? A standardized test result can strengthen an application in the sense that it provides another application component for consideration. If you have the ability to take the SAT or ACT, and you earned a score that you feel fairly reflects your academic talents, you are encouraged to submit your test results with your application. You may wish to review the Qualities We Look for in a Successful Candidate on our website for further reference. Likewise, students whose curriculum lacks national or external exams (e.g. IB, AP, Cambridge, WAEC, CBSE, etc.) may want to consider submitting SAT or ACT scores in order to establish a broader context for their school achievements. We ask students to consider their choice carefully and make a firm commitment at the time of their application or no later than the application deadline. 05 • Will I be at a disadvantage for admission or scholarship selection if I don't submit SAT or ACT scores? Students who do not submit SAT or ACT scores with their application will not be at a disadvantage in our holistic admissions process or scholarship selection. Applicants are welcome to submit any additional materials that they feel may strengthen their application. The admissions committee will place emphasis on the other components of your application including high school performance, national & school exams, supplemental essays, and, in some cases, an admissions interview. 06 • How do I indicate my plan regarding test score submission? All international applicants will answer the "testing plan" question in the Common Application, indicating if they do or do not want their test scores considered with their application. 07 • Once I submit my Common App, can I change my test plan choice? We ask students to consider their choice carefully and make a firm commitment at the time of their application or no later than the application deadline. After this time, change requests will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. To request a change, email us at Intl-admissions@dukekunshan.edu.cn . 08 • As a non-native speaker of English, will there be any additional requirements for me? In most cases, the admissions committee can determine your level of English proficiency through the materials collected in your application and, if an invitation is extended, an admissions interview. Students with test results in English proficiency exams such as TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo are welcome to submit these to support their application, though these are not required in order for an application to be considered complete. 09 • Should I submit anything else in lieu of test scores? There are no additional requirements although applicants are welcome to submit any additional materials that they feel may strengthen their application, such as national/external exam results (predicted or official). 10 • What is the average SAT score for DKU students? The middle 50% range for SAT scores was 1510-1540 among international students admitted to DKU in the Class of 2029. 11 • If I opt to provide my SAT or ACT scores, can I self-report my scores with my application? Although it is preferred to receive the results from the testing agency, applicants can self-report their test scores in order to complete their application. Any future offer of admission is contingent upon providing verified test results sent directly to DKU from the testing agency ← Scholarship Sources → Privacy Statement © 2026 Duke Kunshan University 苏ICP备16021093号 Privacy Statement 1703