Skip to main content Kenyon College Home Calls to Action Navigation Apply Visit Menu You are here: Home Admissions & Aid Apply to Kenyon Deadlines & Requirements Admissions Deadlines & Requirements Explore This Section Close Explore This Section Deadlines & Requirements Early Decision Transfer Applicants Standardized Testing Policy Interviews Selection Process Applicant Portal We understand that illness, weather-related emergencies, natural disasters or other events can disrupt the submission of application materials. We will work with students and schools to support the application process and will be flexible as needed. Please contact the Office of Admissions at admissions@kenyon.edu or 740-427-5776. Application Deadlines for First-Year Applicants If you are a transfer applicant, please refer to information for transfer applicants . If you are applying for financial aid, make sure you review the financial aid deadlines as well. Early Decision Option 1 Application Due: November 15 Decision Released: Mid-December Early Decision Option 2 Application Due: January 15 Decision Released: Mid-February Regular Decision Application Due: January 15 Decision Released: Late-March Materials for First-Year Applicants Required Documents Common App or Coalition App - We accept both the Common App and the Coalition App . To get started, create an account with either one and select Kenyon College to add to your list of colleges. Secondary School Report, including transcript Counselor Recommendation Teacher Evaluation - We prefer the recommendation be provided by an instructor who taught you in a year-long, traditional college-preparatory course in your junior year. Mid-year Report Optional Portfolio - Prospective students who have an interest or talent they would like to share may submit a portfolio through the Kenyon Applicant Portal. Test-Optional Policy - Kenyon has adopted a test-optional policy for all students applying for admission. Read more about standardized testing at Kenyon . Interviews - Interviews are recommended but not required. They are a great way for the admissions office to learn more about you and for you to learn more about Kenyon. Learn more about interviews . Additional Recommendations - Prospective students may submit up to two additional recommendation letters. International International students must demonstrate English language proficiency unless your primary language of instruction in secondary school is English. Students are required to submit the results of an English proficiency exam. Kenyon accepts the following exams: Duolingo English Test (score of at least 130 is encouraged) IELTS Academic Test (score of at least 7.0 is encouraged) IELTS Indicator Test (score of at least 7.0 is encouraged) TOEFL (score of at least 100 is encouraged) TOEFL - iBT Special Home Edition (score of at least 100 is encouraged) Although an interview is not mandatory, we have partnered with InitialView and Vericant . InitialView and Vericant do not evaluate candidates but, instead, post the interviews online for our admissions team to review. Please contact us at globaladmissions@kenyon.edu with any questions. Home-Schooled Applicants If you were home-schooled, you will have the same application requirements as all other first-year applicants. We require that one letter of recommendation must be written by an individual not related to the student who can provide a meaningful evaluation of the student's academic and personal characteristics. We welcome additional materials if you feel they will help us to better understand your academic preparation. Additional materials may include a detailed syllabus of your course of study, SAT subject tests, reading lists or additional letters of recommendation. Kenyon Address Gambier , Ohio 43022 , USA Phone 740-427-5000 Connect Navigation Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn tiktok Visiting Kenyon Navigation Directions Campus Map Kenyon Commits To Navigation Mission & Values Accessibility Non-Discrimination Privacy Kenyon Affiliates Brown Family Environmental Center The Gund Kenyon Review Philander Chase Conservancy Footer Navigation Employment Bookstore Emergency Title IX Policies Make a Gift © Copyright 2026 Site Menu Secondary Navigation Apply Give News Events Directory Offices & Services Search Submit CTAs Navigation Apply Visit Site Navigation Academics Departments and Majors Our Faculty Advising & Resources Experiential Learning Global Learning Student Research Writing at Kenyon Library Academic Calendar Admissions & Aid Visit Kenyon Apply to Kenyon Financial Aid & Scholarships Connect with Us Request Information Campus Life Inclusion & Belonging Residential Life Dining on Campus Health & Safety Civic Engagement Sustainability & Green Initiatives Clubs & Organizations Arts & Culture Careers & Outcomes Career Development Office Internships Fellowships & Awards After Kenyon The Kenyon Network Outcomes Report 2025 Athletics Secondary Navigation Apply Give News Events Directory Offices & Services Explore Kenyon Navigation in brief in pictures in numbers in our own words in the world on a tour Links For Navigation Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni Community New Students Close