Skip to main content Kenyon College Home Calls to Action Navigation Apply Visit Menu You are here: Home Admissions & Aid Financial Aid & Scholarships Apply for Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Explore This Section Close Explore This Section Tuition & Costs Estimate Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Scholarships & Grants Loans & Student Work Professional Judgment Consumer Information Contact Us Financial Aid Deadlines Meeting deadlines is important - it ensures that you will be considered for all available forms of need-based financial assistance. Submission Dates CSS Profile and Tax Documents FAFSA Early Decision Option 1 November 15 January 15 Early Decision Option 2 January 15 January 15 Regular Decision January 15 January 15 Transfer Option 1 * March 15 March 15 Continuing Students April 15 April 15 * See additional transfer option deadlines . Need-based financial aid is awarded to students who demonstrate that their family's financial resources are not sufficient to meet the full annual cost of attending Kenyon. Aid awards usually consist of "packages," which include institutional grants, scholarships, loans, and campus employment. In some cases, students are also eligible for federal or state grants, and these are included in the total package. CSS Profile To determine whether a student who is a U.S. citizen has financial need, Kenyon College requires the CSS Profile to determine eligibility for institutional or Kenyon College need -based financial aid. Submit the 2026-27 CSS Profile (Kenyon code 1370) by the priority deadlines shown above. Applications submitted up to ten days after the deadline will be considered as filed on time. Late applications may be placed on a financial aid waitlist to be considered for aid only if funds are available after May 15. Divorced/separated parents: If the student's biological/adoptive parents are not married and do not reside in the same household, both parents must complete separate CSS Profile applications to be considered for financial aid from Kenyon. If the student does not have contact with one of the biological/adoptive parents, a CSS Profile waiver request can be filed and submitted to the Office of Financial Aid. Tax Documents and Verification T he Office of Financial Aid verifies application information for all U.S. citizens and permanent residents applying for need-based aid. For the 2026-27 award year, we require copies of the parent(s)' 2024 federal tax return and W-2 form(s). Additional documentation may be requested to resolve conflicting information or meet federal verification requirements. Please note that the Application Portal is no longer used for document submission by incoming or returning students. Kenyon College now participates in the College Board IDOC service, and we will access all materials submitted through the IDOC portal . Once a student submits the CSS Profile, an email notification from College Board will be sent to the student to submit required documents in the IDOC portal. How Aid is Determined The information provided on the CSS Profile is analyzed using standard formulas. The result of this analysis is a calculation of what the family can contribute toward the cost of attending Kenyon from parental and student assets and incomes. The difference between what the student's family can contribute and the cost of attending the College is defined as that student's financial need. A financial aid package then provides resources (grants, loans, and employment) to meet this demonstrated need. Estimating Aid By filling out the Kenyon College Net Price Calculator , students and families can receive an estimate of their Expected Family Contribution (EFC) and their Kenyon need-based financial aid package. These numbers are only estimates and rely primarily on self-reported information from the student and family. In addition to financial aid based on need, Kenyon offers a variety of scholarship programs without regard to need. International Students International students* applying for need-based financial aid are required to complete either the CSS Profile application (Kenyon code 1370) or Kenyon's Online International Financial Aid Application (available in the Kenyon Admission Portal after applying for admission). * International students living in the United States or Canada must complete the CSS Profile application to be considered for need-based assistance and are not eligible to use Kenyon's international aid application form. Contact the Office of Financial Aid for any questions you may have regarding financial aid at Kenyon. Aid in Future Years for International Students The family contribution for admitted international students remains constant in future years and will not change, regardless of circumstances. If you are admitted to Kenyon College without financial aid, you are not eligible to be considered for financial aid during your four years at Kenyon. Kenyon Address Gambier , Ohio 43022 , USA Phone 740-427-5000 Connect Navigation Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn tiktok Visiting Kenyon Navigation Directions Campus Map Kenyon Commits To Navigation Mission & Values Accessibility Non-Discrimination Privacy Kenyon Affiliates Brown Family Environmental Center The Gund Kenyon Review Philander Chase Conservancy Footer Navigation Employment Bookstore Emergency Title IX Policies Make a Gift © Copyright 2026 Site Menu Secondary Navigation Apply Give News Events Directory Offices & Services Search Submit CTAs Navigation Apply Visit Site Navigation Academics Departments and Majors Our Faculty Advising & Resources Experiential Learning Global Learning Student Research Writing at Kenyon Library Academic Calendar Admissions & Aid Visit Kenyon Apply to Kenyon Financial Aid & Scholarships Connect with Us Request Information Campus Life Inclusion & Belonging Residential Life Dining on Campus Health & Safety Civic Engagement Sustainability & Green Initiatives Clubs & Organizations Arts & Culture Careers & Outcomes Career Development Office Internships Fellowships & Awards After Kenyon The Kenyon Network Outcomes Report 2025 Athletics Secondary Navigation Apply Give News Events Directory Offices & Services Explore Kenyon Navigation in brief in pictures in numbers in our own words in the world on a tour Links For Navigation Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni Community New Students Close