Palacký University Olomouc Contacts CZ Toggle navigation logo Why Palacký University? Study Programmes Admissions Study at UP - Admissions Admissions Palacký University offers various degree programmes at three levels - Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral, in English and other languages. You can also choose from a wide choice of a semester or year-long international mobility programmes, summer schools and tailor-made courses. Degree programmes How to apply Study programmes catalogue Online application form More... How to apply Step by step guide for Bachelor/Master/Doctoral study programmes Choose the programme you want to apply for in our catalogue . Open the application form online and start filling in your application. Complete the application form online, step by step, upload required documents. Pay the fee for the application online with your credit card. You will be able to go back to your application if you do not upload the documents or make the payment straightaway, but only once all required documents are uploaded and the application fee paid your application be considered as complete! If you need any guidance while filling in the application or you have any problems you can contact our helpdesk . Once you have been accepted to the programme you have applied for, you will recieve the acceptance letter through the application form online. Applicants who have completed their previous education outside the Czech Republic must prove their prior education abroad. This is an obligatory requirement for admission to study at Palacký University Olomouc. Find information about how your previous studies out of Czech Republic can be recognized . Legalize your documents according to the instructions You will be informed about the date and the address to send your documents to in the „Notice of your proposed admission for study", which you will receive through your application online. Pay the fee for the process of recognition of your previous studies abroad online in the application form. Contact Information If you need any guidance with the process of admission, do not hesitate to contact us here: admissions@upol.cz Exchange Programmes Information for students interested in an exchange study stays under the Erasmus+ Programme or Cooperation Agreements . Practical information If you are looking for information on visa, travel, accommodation, health security, Palacký University facilities and services, or about life in Czech Republic in general, please visit our Welcome Office website. Recognition of education earned abroad 1) Recognition of education earned abroad for admission to study This assessment of secondary and higher education earned abroad in the context of the admission procedure at Palacký University Olomouc is intended only for applicants for study at UP. It serves only for compliance with the condition of admission to Palacký University Olomouc -i.e. only for the admission procedure at UP. Detailed information 2) Recognition of higher education and qualifications earned abroad pursuant to Section 89 et seq. of the Higher Education Act ("Nostrification") This is the process of recognising higher education and qualifications earned abroad as equivalent to higher education obtained in the Czech Republic. It is intended for graduates of foreign universities who need validation of their higher education earned abroad for purposes other than further study at UP (e.g. study at another university in the Czech Republic, employment in the Czech Republic, etc.). As an official administrative procedure, this is usually a more time-consuming process. Detailed information Legalization of documents Specification of legalization of documents - the verification procedure follows the following patterns based on the country of origin and valid international agreements. Photo Galleries more photos Video Gallery more videos Contact Palacký University Olomouc Křížkovského 511/8 779 00 Olomouc ID No.: 61989592 +420 585 631 111 e-podatelna@upol.cz admissions@upol.cz Main menu Why Palacký University? Study Programmes Applications & Deadlines Olomouc - University City Useful links Course Catalogue Degree Programmes Erasmus+ Exchange Programmes Language Courses Summer School of Slavonic Languages Diploma Recognigion 2026 Palacký University Olomouc | Privacy Policy | webmaster-up@upol.cz Privacy settings More... We use cookies and any other network identifiers on our website that may contain personal data (e.g. about how you browse our website). We and some of the service providers we use have access to or store this data on your device. This data helps us to operate and improve our services. For some purposes, your consent is required to process data collected in this way. You can change or revoke your consent at any time (see the link at the bottom the page). Read more Necessarily ( Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the website to function properly. ) Analytical ( Statistics cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website. ) Promotional ( They are designed for promotional purposes, measuring the success of promotional campaigns, etc. )