Palacký University Olomouc Students Employees Doctoral SPace Contacts CZ Toggle navigation logo Faculties Sts Cyril and Methodius Faculty of Theology Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry Faculty of Arts Faculty of Science Faculty of Education Faculty of Physical Culture Faculty of Law Faculty of Health Sciences Facilities The Rector's Office Welcome Office UP Press Academic Sport Centre Computer Centre Library UP Science and Technology Park Accommodation and Dining UP Organization Structure Degree Students Degree Programmes Applicant Student/Admission Offices Rights, Obligations & Fees Academic Calendar & Organization of Study Scholarships and bursaries Recognition of education earned abroad Exchange Students Welcome Office Palacký University Olomouc UP Students Degree Students Rights, Obligations & Fees Rights, Obligations & Fees Admissions to study Admission Procedure Code of Palacký University in Olomouc Applicants and Students with Special Needs at Palacký University Olomouc Procedure of application for a long-term residence permit for the purpose of study, if applied from outside the Czech Republic Study rules, documents and guidelines for study administration Study and Examination Code Rules of Nostrification of Palacký University Disciplinary Code for Students The Issue of Documents Proving the Completion of Study, of Lifelong Education Programmes and of the Rigorosum Procedure at Palacký University Organization of Study in the Credit System at Palacký University Olomouc Assigning Topics for Bachelor's and Master's Diploma Theses, Dissertations, and Rigorosum Theses, Their Submission, How They Are Made Accessible to the Public, and the Related Record Keeping Code of the Rigorosum Procedure of Palacký University in Olomouc Lifelong Education Code Payments Determination of Payments or Activities and Acts Implemented by Palacky University Olomouc Accommodation For guidlines on Accommodation at Palacký University dormitories please visit Accommodation and Dining Facilities website . Other guidelines Student ID Cards Protection of Personal and Sensitive Data at Palacký University in Olomouc Handling of Complaints and Petitions at Palacký University in Olomouc Principles for the Competition for Student Research Grants at Palacký University in Olomouc For special documents for students of medicine and dentistry please visit the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry website . More information available in Czech . If you need advice, please contact the Welcome Office of Palacký University. Academic calendar For details visit Academic Calendar / & Organization of Study . Contact Palacký University Olomouc Křížkovského 511/8 779 00 Olomouc ID No.: 61989592 +420 585 631 111 e-podatelna@upol.cz admissions@upol.cz Main menu Faculties Facilities Degree Students Exchange Students Guide: Welcome Office & Practical Information Useful links International Cooperation Admissions Office Accommodation Meals Library UPoint Shop UP Academic Bookshop Recognition of Education Earned Abroad 2026 Palacký University Olomouc | Declaration of accessibility | Privacy Policy | webmaster-up@upol.cz Privacy settings More... We use cookies and any other network identifiers on our website that may contain personal data (e.g. about how you browse our website). We and some of the service providers we use have access to or store this data on your device. This data helps us to operate and improve our services. For some purposes, your consent is required to process data collected in this way. You can change or revoke your consent at any time (see the link at the bottom the page). Read more Necessarily ( Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the website to function properly. ) Analytical ( Statistics cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website. ) Promotional ( They are designed for promotional purposes, measuring the success of promotional campaigns, etc. )