Palacký University Olomouc Students Employees Doctoral SPace Contacts CZ Toggle navigation logo Faculties Sts Cyril and Methodius Faculty of Theology Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry Faculty of Arts Faculty of Science Faculty of Education Faculty of Physical Culture Faculty of Law Faculty of Health Sciences Facilities The Rector's Office Welcome Office UP Press Academic Sport Centre Computer Centre Library UP Science and Technology Park Accommodation and Dining UP Organization Structure Degree Students Degree Programmes Applicant Student/Admission Offices Rights, Obligations & Fees Academic Calendar & Organization of Study Scholarships and bursaries Recognition of education earned abroad Exchange Students Welcome Office Palacký University Olomouc UP Students Degree Students Scholarships and bursaries Scholarships and bursaries The students of Palacký University Olomouc may benefit from the following scholarships and bursaries: merit scholarships for outstanding study results; scholarships for outstanding research, development, innovation, artistic or other creative results contributing to knowledge deepening; scholarships for research, development and innovation activities; social bursary in situations of students' social hardship (under Section 91(3) of the Higher Education Act); accommodation bursaries for students whose place of permanent residence is outside the district of Olomouc or for holders of disability cards. The rules for awarding scholarships and bursaries are defined by the Scholarships and Bursary Code of Palacký University. Contact the study office of your faculty to learn more about scholarships and bursaries. Merit scholarship The dean of the faculty may award merit scholarships to students who have achieved outstanding study results. Study average during the standard length of study is used to assess the study results. The merit scholarship may also be awarded if the student completed a relevant part of the studies at other faculties or higher education institutions where the courses were recognized by the dean of the respective faculty. The merit scholarship may be paid as a lump sum or on a regular basis. The merit scholarship may not be awarded if a Bachelor or an Master student has not achieved a minimum average of 60 credits in the preceding academic years. Further details including, without limitation, the relevant period of studies, required study average, or form of payment, may be determined by the dean. Scholarships for research, development and innovation activities Research means an active, consistent and systematic scientific activity to discover or interpret facts. To support students' research, students may be awarded scholarships for research, development and innovation activities. The scholarship constitutes public support of research carried out by students as part of their accredited PhD or Master's programmes of study and related to their education. Scholarships for research, development and innovation activities may be paid as a lump sum or on a regular basis. Contact Palacký University Olomouc Křížkovského 511/8 779 00 Olomouc ID No.: 61989592 +420 585 631 111 e-podatelna@upol.cz admissions@upol.cz Main menu Faculties Facilities Degree Students Exchange Students Guide: Welcome Office & Practical Information Useful links International Cooperation Admissions Office Accommodation Meals Library UPoint Shop UP Academic Bookshop Recognition of Education Earned Abroad 2026 Palacký University Olomouc | Declaration of accessibility | Privacy Policy | webmaster-up@upol.cz Privacy settings More... We use cookies and any other network identifiers on our website that may contain personal data (e.g. about how you browse our website). We and some of the service providers we use have access to or store this data on your device. This data helps us to operate and improve our services. For some purposes, your consent is required to process data collected in this way. You can change or revoke your consent at any time (see the link at the bottom the page). Read more Necessarily ( Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the website to function properly. ) Analytical ( Statistics cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website. ) Promotional ( They are designed for promotional purposes, measuring the success of promotional campaigns, etc. )