中文 Toggle navigation Home Magic XMU Mr. Tan Kah Kee Xiamen City Why XMU Academics Beautiful Campuses Life at XMU Video Academics Admissions Undergraduate Students Master's Students Doctoral students Learn Chinese Costs Download Online Application Programs Chinese-Medium Bachelor's Chinese-Medium Master's Chinese-Medium Doctoral English-Medium Bachelor's English-Medium Master's English-Medium Doctoral Scholarships Scholarships Information Chinese Govt Scholarship China Studies Program PhD Fellowships International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Fujian Provincial Govt. Scholarship Xiamen Tan Kah Kee Scholarships Xiamen University Scholarships XMU Sustainable Coastal Development Scholarship Download Help FAQs Campus Maps Program Coordinators Contact us Sitemap Home > Admissions > Undergraduate Students Admissions Undergraduate Students Master's Students Doctoral students Learn Chinese Costs Download Online Application Admission Guide for Undergraduate Programs 2026 Xiamen University (XMU), founded in 1921 by renowned patriotic overseas Chinese leader Mr. Tan Kah Kee, was the first Chinese university established by an overseas Chinese person. XMU has long been listed among China's leading universities on the national 211 Project, 985 Project and Double First-Class Initiative, which have been launched by the Chinese government to support selected universities in achieving world-class standing. Nestled snugly between green hills and the blue sea, XMU is renowned as one of the most beautiful universities around the world for its excellent education facilities and beautiful environment. Xiamen University currently comprises Siming Campus, Zhangzhou Campus, Xiang'an Campus and XMU Malaysia. XMU consists of a graduate school, six academic divisions, 35 schools and 17 research institutes. In 2022, six XMU disciplines -Chemistry, Marine Science, Biology, Ecology, Statistics a nd Pedagogy - were included in the nation's list of disciplines for achieving world-class status. XMU ranks among ESI's global top 1% in 19 disciplines, with chemistry, materials science and engineering in ESI's global top 1‰. XMU currently has a faculty of nearly 3,000, of whom 74% are full or associate professors. Among them, 15 are the members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences or of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. XMU currently has an enrollment of more than 47,000 students, including over 21,000 students in bachelor's degree programs, 20,000 in master's degree programs, and 6,000 in doctoral degree programs. XMU implements a comprehensive global outreach strategy. The University has signed cooperation agreements with 277 overseas universities. Actively involved in international Chinese education, XMU has built 14 Confucius Institutes, one Chinese Language and Culture Research Center, 34 Confucius Classrooms in 12 countries on five continents, the highest numbers with the most extensive geographic coverage among Chinese universities on the List of "Double First-Class" Universities. The establishment of XMU Malaysia was approved in September 2013, which makes XMU the first Chinese university to open an international campus. I. Eligibility 1. General Requirements 1) Applicants must be non-Chinese citizens aged between 18 and 30 by September 1st, 2026 , be mentally and physically healthy, and possess a valid regular passport. Applicants under the age of 18 should submit Guarantee Statement Link: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/info/1141/2009.htm 2) Applicants should be a graduating senior high school student or hold a senior high school diploma with a satisfactory academic record. 3) Scholarship applicants should also meet the age limit requirements of respective scholarships. 2. Requirements about Nationalities 1) Foreign citizens of Chinese origin, including former Chinese citizens who have obtained foreign citizenship, as well as the non-Chinese descendants of present or former Chinese citizens, will have to follow the system instructions to fill in the basic information and upload the supporting documents based on the different citizenship status , and will be subject to a preliminary review of citizenship status by XMU during the admission stage and to verification of citizenship by the entry and exit administration department of China's public security authorities. Applicants who fail to pass the preliminary review or verification of citizenship will be deemed to have forfeited their eligibility for admission, as well as the subsequent academic registration that they may obtain. 2) In accordance with Article 5 of the Nationality Law of the People's Republic of China, a person whose parents are both Chinese citizens and have both settled abroad, or one of whose parents is a Chinese citizen and has settled abroad, shall not have Chinese citizenship if he / she was born outside China and has acquired foreign citizenship at birth. Starting in 2021, if such a person applies for the undergraduate's program at XMU as an international student, in addition to meeting the University's all other application requirements, he / she is required to have held a valid foreign passport or a proof of lawful acquisition of foreign citizenship for at least 4 years and have actually resided in a foreign country for at least 2 years in the past 4 years (as of April 30, 2026) ( 9 months of residence in a foreign country counts as a full year ). The dates of the entry and exit stamps in the passport will be followed in the determination of the actual length of foreign residence. This requirement is also applicable to residents of the Chinese Mainland, Taiwan , Hong Kong or Macao who have emigrated to a foreign country and obtained foreign citizenship and are applying for the undergraduate programs at XMU as international students. 3. Language Proficiency Requirement 1) Chinese proficiency requirements for Chinese-medium programs Ø Programs in Humanities, Economics, Management, Law, Arts : HSK 5 with a score of 210 or better (Applicants for the major in Chinese Language, please refer to the website of Overseas Education College directly for the HSK requirements.) Ø Programs in Sciences, Engineering, Medicine and Physical Education : HSK 4 with a score of 210 or better Ø OR the Chinese-as-medium-of-instruction Certificate from the high school where Chinese is the primary language of instruction. 2) English proficiency requirements for English-medium programs Ø TOEFL iBT Certificate: an overall minimum score of 80 (XMU's DI Code for TOEFL is C310) Ø OR an IELTS Academic Certificate: an overall minimum score of 6.0 Ø OR the English-as-medium-of-instruction Certificate from the high school where English is the primary language of instruction. Ø OR other equivalent English proficiency certificates recognized by XMU Ø Applicants from countries where English is the official language a re exempt from this requirement. II. Application Timeline Start Time Deadline Scholarship Category Dec. 1, 2025 Feb. 15, 2026 Chinese Government Scholarships Apr. 10, 2026 Fujian Provincial Government Scholarship Xiamen Tan Kah Kee Scholarship (SUSPEND) Xiamen University Scholarship for New Students May 10, 2026 Self-funded Notes: 1. Applicable to XMU Online Application System, Beijing Time (GMT +08:00), late applications will not be considered. 2. NOT applicable to Type A CSC scholarships and International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship. Please refer to the official notice of the MOE's Center for Language Education and Cooperation, China Scholarship Council (Chinese Embassy or other handling authorities) for more details. III. Application Procedures Applicants should apply through XMU Online Application System for international students at http://application.xmu.edu.cn and pay the application fee. IV. Application Documents 1. A scanned copy of the first page of the passport (regular passport, valid at least through October 31, 2026) 2. Birth Certificate 3. Parents' Identity Documents 4. Senior High School Diploma and the Academic Transcripts 1) Certificate of Expected Graduation and the academic transcripts for graduating senior high school students. Official Senior High School Diploma should be provided before the registration of the academic year . 2) The originals of the diplomas and certification documents should be made available upon registration for review. 5. Language Proficiency Certificate: marked under the "Application Requirements" section. 6. China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) score report. Test Subjects Requirement Professional Chinese Compulsory for Chinese-medium programs (Applicants of Chinese Language Program with HSK Level 4 or better are exempt.) Mathematics Compulsory Physics Choose ONE or BOTH for Categories of Sciences, Engineering, Agriculture and Medicine Chemistry Note: The testing language should be consistent with the program medium of instruction that you are willing to apply 7. One Letter of Recommendation with information of the recommender's names, employer, work position and contact information, signed by the recommender or with the stamp of the recommending organization. 8. Personal Statement (minimum 800 words), which should include a self-introduction, educational experience, motivations, study plan and career aspirations. It needs to be written in Chinese for Chinese-medium programs , in English for English-medium programs. 9. Pre-Acceptance Letter (optional). Priority of admission will be given to applicants have acquired the pre-acceptance letter stamped by the college. Link: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/info/1141/1969.htm 10. Physical Examination Record for Inbound Travelers including chest X-ray image, electrocardiogram, laboratory exam results and data sheets of some required items, with the lower part of the applicant's photo stamped by the hospital. Physical examination results are valid for 6 months. Link: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/info/1141/1745.htm 11. Financial Support Guarantee Statement and its supporting documents. Applicants for scholarships are not exempt from this requirement. Link: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/info/1141/1744.htm 12. No Criminal Record Report. The applicants shall submit a valid No Criminal Record Report issued within 6 months before the date of submission of the application. 13. Personal portfolios such as videos and artworks, are REQUIRED for art applicants. Other supporting documents, such as competition awards, merit certificates, community service or special skills certificates could be submitted in the "Other Supporting Materials" section in the application system as well. Notes: 1. After the application is submitted, the applicant will not be able to modify the application information or application materials. Therefore, before submitting your application, please check carefully to ensure that the information and materials submitted are comprehensive, true and complete. Applications with inaccuracies or omissions will not be accepted by the University. Action for misconduct will be taken according to "Monitoring, complaints and action for misconduct". 2. Any documents in a language other than Chinese or English should be accompanied by a notarized translation in Chinese or English. 3. In general, there is no need to mail original hard-copy materials through courier service. However, under extraordinary circumstances, the University reserves the rights to require applicants to mail original hard-copy documents for further review and identification. Application materials will not be returned under any circumstances. V. Academic Programs Students take general and basic courses under the Large-Category Cultivation Mode in lower grades and begin their studies with subjects of admitted programs from the second year. 1. Chinese-medium Bachelor's Degree Programs https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Programs/Chinese_Medium_Bachelor_s.htm 2. English-medium Bachelor's Degree Programs https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Programs/English_Medium_Bachelor_s.htm VI. Admission and Selection 1. Verification of qualification There will be a holistic review of the applicant's foreign citizenship, high school diploma/certificate, academic performance, language proficiency, physical and mental health , etc. 2. Academic assessment For applicants who pass the verification of qualifications, the relevant colleges or schools will conduct academic assessment, including evaluation of the application documents as well as a remote interview or written examination of the applicant if necessary. The academic assessment focuses on the applicant's academic capabilities, communicative competence, overall merit, etc. 3. The admission decision will be made based on the verification of the applicant's qualifications and academic assessment results, as well as their program choices. Applicants should log into XMU Online Application System regularly for notifications and the progress of application status, and keep their phones open and check their email accounts regularly. The outcome of application will be published on the application system in June or July. VII. Length of Program, Duration of Study and Conferral of Degree Length of Program: English-medium MBBS program: 6 years. Other programs: 4-5 years; Duration of study: 4-6 years for 4-year Bachelor's Degree Programs; 5-7 years for 5-year Bachelor's Degree Programs; 6-8 years for 6-year Bachelor's Degree Programs. Time of enrolment: Autumn, usually in September. Students will be awarded a graduation certificate by XMU after they have completed all the courses prescribed in the academic scheme and have satisfied the graduation requirements within the duration of study prescribed by XMU. Those who have also satisfied the requirements for degree conferral will be conferred a Bachelor Degree by XMU. VIII. Study Costs Application Fee : RMB 400 (payable upon signing up online; non-refundable) Tuition Fee (1) Chinese-medium programs: Ø Humanities: RMB 24,000/year. Ø Science, Engineering, Medicine, Economics, Management, Law, Arts, Physical Education and Chinese Language (Overseas Education College): RMB 26,000/year. (2) English-medium programs: Ø MBBS: RMB 38,000/year. Ø Visual Communication Design, Environmental Design, Digital Media Art: RMB 90,000/year. Notes: Tuition fees are payable in RMB by academic year and do not include textbook fees. Tuition fees are subject to change without prior notice upon approval by price regulators. Other Expenses 1. Accommodation (1) Due to the limited availability of on-campus accommodation, priority will be given to students who are recipients of scholarships that include subsidies for on-campus accommodation. Surplus accommodation will be allotted to students who are recipients of scholarships with no subsidies for accommodation and self-funded students. Students with on-campus accommodation can live in on-campus housing until July 31 of the academic year. (2) The apartments each have a twin-room on Siming campus, a quadruple-room on Zhangzhou campus. The apartments on Xiang'an campus are in suites, with each suite consisting of four twin-rooms. Each room is equipped with beds, desks and chairs, wardrobes, an air conditioner, a water heater, a bathroom (suites have a different bathroom arrangement), and Internet access (paid by students). Communal self-service washers and dryers and other equipment are also available. (3) The accommodation fees (electricity and water not included) range from RMB 35 to 65 per person per day on Siming campus, from RMB 1,600 to 4,000 per academic year per person on Xiang'an campus, and from RMB 1,100 to 1,200 per academic year per person on Zhangzhou campus. Please refer to the updated notice. (4) Students who cannot obtain on-campus accommodation are expected to arrange for their own off-campus accommodation before their arrival. The monthly rental fee for an apartment near Siming campus is around RMB 2,500/month. (5) Recipients of Chinese Government Scholarships or International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarships that cover on-campus accommodation expenses can apply for an accommodation subsidy if they give up free on-campus accommodation and choose to live off campus. Please refer to the updates. 2. Food: approximately RMB 1,000 to 1,500/month 3. Medical Insurance: For the safety of international students in China, according to the regulations of the Chinese Ministry of Education and Xiamen University, international students are required to purchase medical insurance for an annual fee of RMB 800. Please refer to the enrolment instructions for detailed information of medical insurance. Note: 1. For more information about accommodation, insurance or scholarship Stipend, please contact Overseas Students Affairs Office (OSAO, Tel:+ 86 (0)592 2183606, Email: osao@xmu.edu.cn ). 2. Xiamen University follows tuition policies of the Chinese government strictly. Fee charging shall be carried on in accordance with regulations stipulated in the admission guidance. Do not trust any school fee payment notice other than the admission guidance and the enrollment instructions. IX. Scholarship Programs (I) Chinese Government Scholarships - Bilateral Programs (CSC Type A ) Applicants who are eligible for the "Chinese Government Scholarship - Country-Specific Bilateral Program" can submit the applications to their home country's international student dispatching department or the education office of the Chinese embassy (consulate) in their home country. In general, the application period is from January to early April every year. However, application deadlines may vary from country to country. Please follow the updates of the local Chinese embassy (consulate). (II) Chinese Government Scholarship - University Programs (CSC Type B) Xiamen University, as an enrolling institution under the Chinese Government Scholarship Programs, admits students from around the world who are recipients of such scholarships. XMU Agency No.: 10384 . Eligible applicants should submit their applications for admission and scholarships through XMU Online Application System for international students ( application.xmu.edu.cn ) within the application period specified in the prospectus; they should also register on the "Chinese Government Scholarship Information System" ( studyinchina.csc.edu.cn ). (III) International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship The MOE's Center for Language Education and Cooperation have launched this scholarship program with a view to encouraging students and Chinese language teachers from all over the world to study or conduct research on the Chinese language and culture. Applicants should contact Confucius Institutes, independently operated Confucius Classrooms, certain HSK test centers, Chinese language (education) departments of foreign universities, or Chinese embassies (consulates) in their home countries for recommendation. Eligible applicants should submit their applications on the "International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Application System" ( cis.chinese.cn ) within the application period. The scholarship is offered to applicants for Undergraduate Program of Chinese Language (Education). (IV) Fujian Provincial Government Scholarship The scholarship is open to international students who wish to study in degree programs in Fujian Province. It is available only for one academic year and amounts to RMB 30,000 for undergraduates, RMB 40,000 for master's students and RMB 50,000 for doctoral students. The University will select the best candidates from the pool of students who have passed the annual review. The shortlisted students will be recommended for the renewal of the scholarship in the subsequent year. Applicants should submit their applications for admission and the scholarship through XMU Online Application System for international students ( application.xmu.edu.cn ) within the application period specified in the admission prospectus. (V) Xiamen Tan Kah Kee Scholarship (SUSPEND) This scholarship was set up by Xiamen Tan Kah Kee Education Foundation in 2017 as part of its efforts to foster the Tan Kah Kee spirit in entrepreneurship and dedication to education. The scholarship is open to international students of Chinese descent from countries along the Maritime Silk Road who wish to study in undergraduate, Master's or doctoral Programs. Applicants should submit their applications for admission and the scholarship through XMU Online Application System for international students ( application.xmu.edu.cn ) within the application period specified in the admission prospectus. (VI) Xiamen University Scholarship for New International Students XMU offers scholarships to undergraduate candidates. Scholarship recipients will have their tuitions covered. Applicants should submit their applications for admission and the scholarship through XMU Online Application System for international students ( application.xmu.edu.cn ). Notes: 1. This admission guide may be adjusted according to the latest notice of scholarship authorities and so please refer to the latest version under "Scholarships" section on https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/ . 2. According to the XMU's Guidelines on Selecting Candidates for International Students Scholarships, the University will follow the principle of formality, equality and impartiality and select the best candidates from the pool of qualified and admitted students. The shortlisted candidates will be submitted to the university and the relevant scholarship authorities for final approval. The scholarship recipients will be assessed on an annual basis in accordance with the relevant scholarship regulations and only those meeting the required standards will have their scholarship renewed for the subsequent year. Those who fail in the review will no longer be eligible for the scholarship. X. Monitoring, Complaints and Action for Misconduct 1. Required by the competent department, the information related to application and admission will be published on XMU Admissions Web ( https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn ) or websites of relevant schools. Beware of any fake news from other sources. 2.Under the guidance of the XMU Admissions Committee, XMU's international student recruitment is jointly conducted by its Admissions Office and the relevant schools/colleges and is subject to the monitoring of the University's Supervision Division (Tel: +86 (0)592 2186219). 3. Applicants are responsible for the truthfulness and accuracy of the information and documents they have submitted. Failure to meet the admission regulations for international students or any falsification or misrepresentation, whenever it is confirmed, will result in disqualification of application, enrollment, student status, graduation and degrees awarded in accordance with the regulations of the educational authorities and the University. XI. Contact Information Office of Admissions and Examination, Xiamen University (Dealing with the Degree Programs' applications) Tel: +86 (0) 592 2184792 Fax: +86 (0) 592 2180256 Email: admissions@xmu.edu.cn Website: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn Chinese International Education College/Overseas Education College (Dealing with the Non-degree Chinese Language Programs' applications) Tel: +86 (0) 592 2186211 Fax: +86 (0) 592 2093346 Email: oec@xmu.edu.cn Website: https://oec.xmu.edu.cn XMU Overseas Students Affairs Office (Dealing with the international students management) Tel: +86 (0) 592 2183606 Fax: +86 (0) 592 2186589 Email: osao@xmu.edu.cn Website: https://xsc.xmu.edu.cn MBBS Center, XMU School of Medicine Tel: +86 (0)592 2186901 Email: mbbs@xmu.edu.cn Website: https://mbbs.xmu.edu.cn HSK Test - Xiamen University Test Center Tel: +86 (0) 592 2187478 Fax: +86 (0) 592 2093346 Website: https://www.chinesetest.cn ★ The English version of this Guide is provided for reference and as a general guide ONLY. In case of any discrepancy between the English and Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail. The Guide may not be reproduced without authorization. Links XMU Related Offices Student Affairs Office Academic Affairs Office Graduate School Career and Entrepreneurship Center Office of International Cooperation and Exchange Office of Taiwan,Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of Overseas Campus Affairs News Chinese International Education College/Overseas Education College Xiamen University Malaysia Campus Libraby & IT Services Archives/School History Research Office Campus Map General Alumni Association Security Dept Schools & Departments College of Humanities School of Journalism and Cummunication School of Foreign Languages and Cultures College of Arts Chinese International Education College/Overseas Education College International College Institution of Creativity and Innovation School of Economic The Wang Yanan Instite for Studies in Economic School of Management Institute for Financial & Accounting Studies School of Law Intellectual Property Research Institute Xiamen Academy of International Law School of Public Affairs School of Public Policy School of Marxism School of International Relations Research School for Southeast Asian Studies Graduate Institute for Taiwan Studies School of Sociology and Anthropology The Belt and Road Research Institute South China Sea Institute Institute of Education Coastal and Ocean Management Institute School of Mathematical Sciences College of Physical Science and Technology College of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering School of Informatics College of Materials School of Architecture and Civil Engineering College of Energy Pen-Tung Sah Institute of Micro-Nano Science and Technology Reseach Institute for Soft Matter and Biomimetic School of Aerospace Engineering Graphene Industry and Engineering Research Institute School of Electronic Science and Engineering Industrial Technology Research Institute School of Life Sciences School of Public Health School of Pharmaceutical Sciences School of Medicine College of Ocean and Earth Sciences College of Environment & Ecology P.E Department College of Continuing Education Scholarship-related Webs Studying in China Center for Language Education and Cooperation International Chinese Teachers Scholarship Application System China Studies Program Online Joint Research Ph.D. Fellowship System Chinese Government Scholarship to Study in China Management Information System Contact Admissions Office of Xiamen University, China Tel: +86-(0)592-2184792 Fax: +86-(0)592-2180256 Email: admissions@xmu.edu.cn Address: 422 South Siming Road, Xiamen, Fujian Province, China, 361005 © 2021 Office of Admissions and Examinations, Xiamen University Top