中文 Toggle navigation Home Magic XMU Mr. Tan Kah Kee Xiamen City Why XMU Academics Beautiful Campuses Life at XMU Video Academics Admissions Undergraduate Students Master's Students Doctoral students Learn Chinese Costs Download Online Application Programs Chinese-Medium Bachelor's Chinese-Medium Master's Chinese-Medium Doctoral English-Medium Bachelor's English-Medium Master's English-Medium Doctoral Scholarships Scholarships Information Chinese Govt Scholarship China Studies Program PhD Fellowships International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Fujian Provincial Govt. Scholarship Xiamen Tan Kah Kee Scholarships Xiamen University Scholarships XMU Sustainable Coastal Development Scholarship Download Help FAQs Campus Maps Program Coordinators Contact us Sitemap Home > Notice > Content Xiamen University New International Students Scholarships for 2026 pubdate: 2025/12/27 views: I. Introduction In 2006, XMU set up its own scholarships for international students studying in degree programs. Scholarship awardees will have their tuition fees covered. Moreover, monthly living allowances will be provided to outstanding postgraduates in accordance with the standards of Chinese Government Scholarships. Xiamen University (XMU), founded in 1921 by renowned patriotic overseas Chinese leader Mr. Tan Kah Kee, was the first Chinese university established by an overseas Chinese person. XMU has long been listed among China's leading universities on the national 211 Project, 985 Project and Double First-Class Initiative, which have been launched by the Chinese government to support selected universities in achieving world-class standing. Nestled snugly between green hills and the blue sea, XMU is renowned as one of the most beautiful universities around the world for its excellent education facilities and beautiful environment. Xiamen University currently comprises Siming Campus, Zhangzhou Campus, Xiang'an Campus and XMU Malaysia. XMU consists of a graduate school, six academic divisions, 35 schools and 17 research institutes. In 2022, six XMU disciplines -Chemistry, Marine Science, Biology, Ecology, Statistics and Pedagogy - were included in the nation's list of disciplines for achieving world-class status. XMU ranks among ESI's global top 1% in 19 disciplines, with chemistry, materials science and engineering in ESI's global top 1‰. XMU currently has a faculty of nearly 3,000, of whom 74% are full or associate professors. Among them, 15 are the members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences or of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. XMU currently has an enrollment of more than 47,000 students, including over 21,000 students in bachelor's degree programs, 20,000 in master's degree programs, and 6,000 in doctoral degree programs. XMU implements a comprehensive global outreach strategy. The University has signed cooperation agreements with 277 overseas universities. Actively involved in international Chinese education, XMU has built 14 Confucius Institutes, one Chinese Language and Culture Research Center, 34 Confucius Classrooms in 12 countries on five continents, the highest numbers with the most extensive geographic coverage among Chinese universities on the List of "Double First-Class" Universities. The establishment of XMU Malaysia was approved in September 2013, which makes XMU the first Chinese university to open an international campus. II. Eligibility 1. Applicants must meet the requirements of the repective programs they are applying for. 2. Educational background and age limits (as of September 1 of the academic year): (1) Bachelor's programs: hold a high school diploma or above and be under the age of 25; (2) Master's programs: hold a bachelor's degree or above and be under the age of 40; (3) Doctoral programs: hold a master's degree or above and be under the age of 45. III. Academic Programs Chinese-Medium Bachelor's Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Programs/Chinese_Medium_Bachelor_s.htm Chinese-Medium Master's Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Programs/Chinese_Medium_Master_s.htm English-Medium Master's Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Programs/English_Medium_Master_s.htm Chinese-Medium Doctoral Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Programs/Chinese_Medium_Doctoral.htm English-Medium Doctoral Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Programs/English_Medium_Doctoral.htm IV. Duration of Scholarships 1. Bachelor's programs: 4 or 5 years; 2. Master's programs: 2 or 3 years; 3. Doctoral programs: 4 years. Note: Scholarship recipients shall participate in the annual review in accordance with the relevant management regulations of the scholarships. Those who pass the review can continue to apply for or enjoy the scholarships in the next academic year. Those who fail the review will be suspended or disqualified from the scholarships. The specific regulations and methods of the annual review shall be subject to the latest notice issued in the current year. V. Scholarships Quota and Coverage Program Category Scholarship Category Scholarship Coverage Quota Bachelor's program Second-class Tuition fee only. 5 Master's program First-class Tuition fee and living allowance (RMB 3,000/month) 3 Second-class Tuition fee only. 8 Doctoral program First-class Tuition fee and living allowance (RMB 3,500/month) 3 Second-class Tuition fee only. 5 VI. Application Period: Dec. 1, 2025 to April 10, 2026. VII. Application Procedures Application for the Scholarships will be considered only after the applicant has been admitted to Xiamen University. Application Guide to Bachelor's Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Admissions/Undergraduate_Students.htm Applicants for the bachelor's degree program in Chinese language major, please visit OEC website for more information: https://oec.xmu.edu.cn Application Guide to Master's Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Admissions/Master_s_Students.htm Application Guide to Doctoral Programs: https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/Admissions/Doctoral_students.htm Applicants shall complete online application at http://application.xmu.edu.cn and upload the scan copy of Application Form for Xiamen University Scholarships ( https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn/info/1141/1747.htm ). The Scholarships Application Form should be completed in Chinese or English and signed by the applicant. There is no need to mail paper application materials. Note: 1. Applicants are expected to submit a complete set of application materials and will be held responsible for the authenticity of their documents. Incomplete or forged application materials will be rejected. 2. Applicants are expected to keep their phones on, check their email and online application account regularly as XMU's Admissions Office will contact them when necessary. VIII. Selection and Notification A comprehensive review will be conducted on applicant's academic record, language proficiency, overall merits, research achievements and their prospective supervisor's comments. The shortlisted candidates will be submitted to the university authorities for final approval. The final results will be published at https://admissions.xmu.edu.cn in mid-July. IX. Contact Information Add.: XMU's Admissions and Examinations Office, Fujian Province, China (Postcode: 361005) Tel: 0086 (0)592 2184792/2188375 Fax: 0086 (0)592 2180256 E-mail: admissions@xmu.edu.cn Web: http://admissions.xmu.edu.cn XI. More Information 1. The English version of this Guide is provided for reference and as a general guide ONLY. In case of any discrepancy between the English and Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail. This Guide may not be reproduced without authorization. 2. This application guide may be adjusted by the latest notice from the competent department of scholarship or the requirements of our university. So please refer to the latest version of application guide. Links XMU Related Offices Student Affairs Office Academic Affairs Office Graduate School Career and Entrepreneurship Center Office of International Cooperation and Exchange Office of Taiwan,Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of Overseas Campus Affairs News Chinese International Education College/Overseas Education College Xiamen University Malaysia Campus Libraby & IT Services Archives/School History Research Office Campus Map General Alumni Association Security Dept Schools & Departments College of Humanities School of Journalism and Cummunication School of Foreign Languages and Cultures College of Arts Chinese International Education College/Overseas Education College International College Institution of Creativity and Innovation School of Economic The Wang Yanan Instite for Studies in Economic School of Management Institute for Financial & Accounting Studies School of Law Intellectual Property Research Institute Xiamen Academy of International Law School of Public Affairs School of Public Policy School of Marxism School of International Relations Research School for Southeast Asian Studies Graduate Institute for Taiwan Studies School of Sociology and Anthropology The Belt and Road Research Institute South China Sea Institute Institute of Education Coastal and Ocean Management Institute School of Mathematical Sciences College of Physical Science and Technology College of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering School of Informatics College of Materials School of Architecture and Civil Engineering College of Energy Pen-Tung Sah Institute of Micro-Nano Science and Technology Reseach Institute for Soft Matter and Biomimetic School of Aerospace Engineering Graphene Industry and Engineering Research Institute School of Electronic Science and Engineering Industrial Technology Research Institute School of Life Sciences School of Public Health School of Pharmaceutical Sciences School of Medicine College of Ocean and Earth Sciences College of Environment & Ecology P.E Department College of Continuing Education Scholarship-related Webs Studying in China Center for Language Education and Cooperation International Chinese Teachers Scholarship Application System China Studies Program Online Joint Research Ph.D. Fellowship System Chinese Government Scholarship to Study in China Management Information System Contact Admissions Office of Xiamen University, China Tel: +86-(0)592-2184792 Fax: +86-(0)592-2180256 Email: admissions@xmu.edu.cn Address: 422 South Siming Road, Xiamen, Fujian Province, China, 361005 © 2021 Office of Admissions and Examinations, Xiamen University Top