A Admissions Office Centre for Teaching & Learning Start First-cycle, second-cycle and long-cycle studies Doctoral Schools Postgraduate (post-diploma) studies Transfers from other universities About AO Online Registration Multimedia Useful links Contact us We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. Do You agree? Yes No Read more Admission process for studies in English in the academic year 2026/2027 Dear Candidates! We invite you to register for studies on the Internet Recruitment of Candidates (IRC) website [ link to the IRC website ]. Information on admission rules and application deadlines for all studies is available in the "OFFER" or "REGISTRATION" tabs on the IRC website. In order to find studies for which registration is currently ongoing, please go to the the above-mentioned tabs and choose "Only with active phase" option in the "Filters" section , and for studies provided in English language, please choose "Studies in English" filter . Then please confirm your choice. Important movie guides and additional information for candidates can be found at the links below. Attention! Pursuant to the Act of 4 April 2025 amending certain acts in order to eliminate irregularities in the visa system of the Republic of Poland , the rules for admitting the group of foreigners specified in the aforementioned Act to first-cycle studies, long-cycle studies and second-cycle studies have changed. Find out more >>> Useful links: How to apply - admission step by step Movies - guides to the Internet Recruitment of Candidates system (IRK) Guide for international candidates and candidates holding foreign high school / higher education diploma (video) [ENG] Guide for international candidates and candidates holding foreign high school / higher education diploma (video) [PL] Guide for candidates with Polish citizenship (video) [PL] Guide for candidates from Ukraine (video) [UKR] Terms of studying Admission procedure and qualification criteria Additional requirements for candidates with foreign documents Application and tuition fees Language competence Legalisation of diploma Recognition of foreign education Translation of diploma FAQ Digital competence of candidates Welcome Point - First steps in Poland Admission process for studies in English in the academic year 2026/2027 Dear Candidates! We invite you to register for studies on the Internet Recruitment of Candidates... Get to Know UW - online information meetings for prospective foreign students Thinking about studying at the University of Warsaw in the 2026/2027 academic year? Join our... Additional requirements for candidates with foreign documents Attention! Pursuant to the Act of 4 April 2025 amending certain acts in order to... Video guides and visiting cards Dear Candidates! We invite you to watch the Video guides to the Internet Recruitment... Admissions Office tel. (22) 55 24 -126; -043 Krakowskie Przedmieście 32A 00-927 Warsaw · Poland