A Admissions Office Centre for Teaching & Learning Start First-cycle, second-cycle and long-cycle studies Doctoral Schools Postgraduate (post-diploma) studies Transfers from other universities About AO Online Registration Multimedia Useful links Contact us We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. Do You agree? Yes No Read more Application and tuition fees Application fee Please note! Candidates making the application fee payment in PLN are requested to check at the registration account in section "Payments" the individual bank account number generated for each candidate through the IRK system. Information on methods of payment and amount of application fee will be available at the above-mentioned section after registering for the field of study. Amount of application fee for registration to one chosen field of studies as well as level and form of studies is 85 PLN . If the candidate is obliged to participate in written exam, oral exam or qualification interview, the amount of application fee is 100 PLN . In case of candidates participating in exam or qualification interview conducted by the admission commissions, aiming only at checking knowledge of Polish or English language, the amount of application fee is 85 PLN. Final amount of application fee depends on the number of chosen fields of studies. Application fee payment should be made no later than on the day after the deadline for registration to specific field of study. When making the payment, it is advisable to use system that guarantees the quickest transfer of money. The required date of making the application fee payment for the chosen field of studies as well as date on which the payment should be noted at the University of Warsaw account is available at the candidate's individual registration account. If the application fee payment has not been noted in due time, it will be taken into account on the candidate's request (providing that payment has been made on the day after the deadline for registration to specific field of studies at the latest). It is possible for the candidate to submit the request to the admission commission within three days from the date of announcement of qualification results. Candidate makes the application fee payment in PLN or foreign currency using individual bank account number, generated for each candidate by IRK system. When the payment is noted at the University of Warsaw account, it is visible at candidate's individual registration account. Candidate is obliged to check whether settings of priorities and payments are correct. Candidates transferring to studies at the Universty of Warsaw are exempted from application fee payment. Details of the bank account visible in the IRK Account currency: PLN IBAN account number: number visible on the candidate's personal recruitment account in the IRK system, in the 'payments' tab, additionally preceded by the letters 'PL' Beneficiary: Uniwersytet Warszawski Beneficiary's address: ul. Krakowskie Przedmieście 26/28, 00-927 Warszawa Bank SWIFT Code: BIGBPLPW Bank name: Bank Millennium S.A. Bank address: ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A, 02-593 Warszawa Bank country: Poland Application fee refund >>> Application fee refund Candidate has a possibility to apply for a refund of application fee in case of: lack of registration to a field of studies registration to a smaller number of fields of studies than the amount of paid application fee putting the application fee for the registration to field of studies or fields of studies on hold at individual registration account in section "Payments" not being taken into account in qualification process due to making the payment after the deadline specified at individual registration account in IRK system not opening the chosen field of studies due to insufficient number of candidates justified and documented (in writing) reason of absence from entrance exam The amount of refund may be reduced by the costs of transaction. Refund of application fee is ordered by the head of the Admissions Office, after the end of admission procedure, on the basis of a candidate's application. The application should be sent in electronic form via the ePUAP or e-Doręczenia system, or as a written application signed by the candidate and sent by traditional mail to the Admissions Office postal address. It is also possible to send a message with a title "Zwrot opłaty rekrutacyjnej" [Polish for: Application fee refund] from individual registration account in the IRK system (section "My account" - "Help"). Please note that the IRK identifier as well as bank account number for refund should be included in the text of the application. NOTE! Failure to comply with the requirements regarding the subject, content and format of the application or message may result in the request for a refund not being considered. Exemption from application fee payment >>> Exemption from application fee payment In justified individual cases candidate may apply for exemption from application fee payment but no later than seven days before the end of registration process for the specific field of study . The application may be submitted to the Admissions Office at the University of Warsaw or via electronic system ePUAP of Admissions Office. Applications are resolved untill the last day of registration to specified field of studies in the IRK system. Decision on exemption from application fee payment is made by the Vice-Rector for Student Affairs and Quality of Teaching on the basis of documents confirming reasons of candidate's request (relevant documents should be attached to application). Tuition fees >>> Tuition fees Tuition fees for studies in the academic year 2026/2027 Tuition fees for studies in English (PDF file in English) ANNOUNCEMENT No. 17 OF THE RECTOR OF THE UNIVERSITY OF WARSAW dated 18 August 2021 on announcement of the consolidated text of the Ordinance No. 130 of the Rector of the University of Warsaw of 30 September 2019 on the rules for charging and the conditions and procedure for exemption from the fees for educational services at the University of Warsaw [ Monitor UW - pdf file ] Student's id payment >>> Student's id payment Starting from 1 July 2025 , the mStudent ID (mLegitymacja studencka) will be available in the mObywatel mobile application as a fully valid form of student identification for all students holding a PESEL number. This means that applicants with a PESEL number will no longer be required to submit an application for the electronic student's id (ELS) or pay the associated fee. Nevertheless, they may still request a traditional electronic student's id, but only upon application and subject to a fee. Applicants who do not hold a PESEL number will be issued a traditional student's id. One of the required documents in such cases is an application for the ID, along with proof of payment. The application for issuing an electronic student's id (ELS) must be printed by the candidate who has been qualified for studies, from his/her individual account in the Internet Recruitment of Candidates system - IRK, after uploading a personal photograph. Candidate submits an application for issuing electronic student's id and a proof of student's id payment along with other required documents on the due date. The amount of student's id payment is 22 PLN . In order to make the payment for student's id, please use the bank account number available below: Recipient: Uniwersytet Warszawski Krakowskie Przedmieście 26/28 00-927 Warszawa bank: Bank Millenium S.A. bank address: ul. Stanisława Żaryna 2A, 02-593 Warszawa account number: 56 1160 2202 0000 0000 7648 6236 payment title: opłata za wydanie legitymacji Please note: student's id payment should not be made to individual bank account number generated in the IRK system; a candidate pays for his/her student's id after being qualified to studies. List of required documents is available here . Admission process for studies in English in the academic year 2026/2027 Dear Candidates! We invite you to register for studies on the Internet Recruitment of Candidates... Get to Know UW - online information meetings for prospective foreign students Thinking about studying at the University of Warsaw in the 2026/2027 academic year? Join our... Additional requirements for candidates with foreign documents Attention! Pursuant to the Act of 4 April 2025 amending certain acts in order to... Video guides and visiting cards Dear Candidates! We invite you to watch the Video guides to the Internet Recruitment... Admissions Office tel. (22) 55 24 -126; -043 Krakowskie Przedmieście 32A 00-927 Warsaw · Poland