Global menu Local menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Frontpage Education Submenu for "Education" Studies Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Study abroad Continuing Education Courses Programmes Customised courses PhD programmes The PhD process Career opportunities Course search Study guidance Research Submenu for "Research" Research Researchers and publications Areas of research Research centres News from research Society, Politics & Law Nature, Numbers & Technology Culture, Language & History Health, Body & Mind Innovation Submenu for "Innovation" Innovation For businesses For students For researchers Technology Transfer Innovation at UCPH UCPH Lighthouse About the University Submenu for "About the University" About the University Strategy Facts and figures Profile and history Collaboration Organisation Faculties Departments Museums and attractions Libraries Contact Map Find an employee Press service Employment Career for young researchers For international employees News Alumni Studies Input field for search terms Danish English Nuværende sprog er english Bachelor Submenu for "Bachelor" Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Submenu for "Master" Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Submenu for "Admission" Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Master's: Apply for admission Statistics and figures Special support Student life Submenu for "Student life" Student life at UCPH Campus life Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Submenu for "Exchange" Incoming exchange students Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Submenu for "Job and career" Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Submenu for "Meet us" Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Contact More Input field for search terms UCPH Education Studies Admission Bachelor: Apply for admission Non-EU EEA and Non-Nordic Countries Non-EU EEA and Non-Nordic Countries If you have a non-EU/EEA, non-Nordic upper secondary qualification, you can apply for a bachelor's programme through quota 2. 01 Applying for a bachelor 02 Deadlines and admission 03 General admission 04 Specific requirements 05 Tuition fees Apply as a student from Non-EU/EEA and Non-Nordic Countries If you have completed an upper secondary (high) school education, you are welcome to apply for a bachelor programme. However, with an upper secondary (high) school education from a non-EU/EEA country and a non-Nordic country, you are only able to apply through quota 2. Be aware, at the University of Copenhagen all bachelor programmes are taught in Danish and require the highest level in Danish or documentation for academic language skills in Danish. Find out how to obtain Danish language qualifications Deadlines and admission In order to be eligible for admission to a bachelor programme you need to apply before the 15 March at 12:00. Please note, that even though you must apply before 15 March at 12:00, you have until 5 July at 12:00 to upload and fulfil the admission requirements. You can apply for admission if you fulfil: Specific and general admission requirements Danish language qualifications prior to admission. The application deadline is 15 March at 12:00 Midday CET. However, it is only possible to apply through quota 2 only. Read about how to apply through quota 2 General admission The general admission requirement is that you have completed upper secondary (high) school education, but this requirement may vary depending on where you got your education. For some countries, the upper secondary (high) school education is not enough and needs to be supplemented with one or two years of higher education, or equivalent supplementary studies . Please note that it is the country where you have completed your education, and not your nationality or citizenship, that determines what rules apply to you. Your citizenship is only relevant in regards to tuition fees. No conversion of grade point average For exams from outside EU/EEA countries and others, it is not possible to calculate the grade point average. That means that you can only apply in quota 2 , and you have to participate in the quota 2-test. Individual assessment In addition to this, we also make an individual assessment of your upper Secondary (high) school education, whether it can give you acces to apply in quota 2, or whether you have to supplement with one or two years of higher education, or equivalent supplementary studies . Doing so, we consider exams and courses from all your educational credentials: upper secondary (high) school diploma, college diploma, bachelor's degree and any additional (and supplementary) courses. Read more about foreign qualifications for admission to higher education in Denmark at the website of the Danish Agency for Science and Higher Education Specific admission requirements All degree programmes at the University of Copenhagen have some specific requirements, which you have to meet. These are some certain Danish course levels: A, B and C, corresponding to international advanced level, intermediate level and elementary level. You can obtain these levels either in the upper secondary (high) school, during further studies at college/university or as supplementary courses. Include your subjects and transcripts Please include information and transcripts of levels obtained in the relevant subjects (for example A/O level, AP-level). We also need to know the number of years studied in upper secondary (high) school or college/university and in some cases the number of taught hours in the subject. How we assess your results We convert your diploma results to the Danish subjects and levels according to the rules set by the Danish Agency for Science and Higher Education. Please see the handbook of international examinations for more details (in Danish only). See the checklist of the documentation you need to provide Country Examples of qualifying diplomas USA High School Graduation Diploma + 1 year of higher education studies (e.g. college studies in relevant academic subjects) or supplementary courses: at least 1 A level subject and at least 1 B level subject, or High School Graduation Diploma + 3 Advanced Placement Test within academic subjects. In the Danish system A level subjects are Advanced level and B level subjects are intermediate level. United Kingdom At least 9 subjects (GCSE-, AS- and A-level) including at least 6 different subjects and at least 3 A-levels. The 3 A-levels can, alternatively, consist of 2 A-levels + 2 AS-levels or 1 A-level + 4 AS-levels. If the prior learning is not based on the GCSE system, admission is based on 2 subjects at AS-level and 3 subjects at A-level (in total a minimum of 5 different subjects). Subjects at A-level can be replaced by subjects at AS-level (2 subjects at AS-level replace 1 subject at A-level). At least 1 subject must be at A-level. This also applies to the IGCSE/GCE ordinary level and international GCE AS & A-level. Brazil Certificado de Ensino Médio / Certificado de Conclusão de Ensino Médio Supletivo + 1 year of higher education studies or supplementary courses: at least 1 A level subject and at least 1 B level subject in the Danish system A level is Advanced level and B level is intermediate level. China Certificate of Graduation from Upper Middle School + Chinese National University Entrance Examination (CNUEE) / Gao Kao + 1 year of higher education studies or supplementary courses: at least 1 A level subject and at least 1 B level subject in the Danish system A level is Advanced level and B level is intermediate level. Iran 3 years High School Diploma and Pre-University diploma + 1 year of higher education studies or supplementary courses: at least 1 A level subject and at least 1 B level subject or 3 years High School Diploma and 2 years associate degree (Kardani). In the Danish system A level subjects are Advanced level and B level subjects are intermediate level. Russia Attestat o Srednem Obrazovanii / Attestat o Srednem (Polnom) Obshchem Obrazovanii +1 year of higher education studies or supplementary courses: at least 1 A level subject and at least 1 B level subject in the Danish system A level is Advanced level and B level is intermediate level. Syria Al Shahada Al Thanawiya al-Ämma / Baccalauréat + 1 year of higher education studies or supplementary courses: at least 1 A level subject and at least 1 B level subject in the Danish system A level is Advanced level and B level is intermediate level. Turkey Since 2009: (Meslek) Lise Diplomasi (8+4 years) From before 2009: (Meslek) Lise Diplomasi (8+3 years) + 1 year of higher education studies or supplementary courses: at least 1 A level subject and at least 1 B level subject in the Danish system A level is Advanced level and B level is intermediate level. See the full list of qualifying examinations on the Danish Agency for Science and Higher Education's website. Always double-check the information on the Agency's website or contact the Guidance and Admissions Office even if your entrance examination is listed above. There might be important details not listed here. Contact the Guidance and Admissions Office Tuition fees If you have a citizenship from a country outside the EU/EEA/North, you need to pay tuition fees for your studies. However, if you have a permanent residence permit in Denmark (or a temporary residence permit in Denmark, which allows you to study tuition-free) you do not need to pay tuition fees. Please note that not all temporary residence permits in Denmark gives this benefit. When we have assessed your residence permit we will let you know if this applies to you. See more about tuition fees at studyindenmark.dk . Learn about rules for tuition fees (in Danish only) Studies Bachelor's degrees See all 78 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling Master's degrees See all 120 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling University of Copenhagen Management Administration Faculties Departments Research centres Animal hospitals School of Dentistry Libraries Museums Contact Map Find an employee Contact UCPH Services Press and media service Merchandise UCPH apps IT-support For suppliers For students and employees KUnet Job and career Job portal Jobs for students Alumni Emergencies Emergency response Web Cookies and privacy policy Accessibility statement Information security Connect with UCPH Bachelor Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Quota 1 and quota 2 Non-EU EEA and Non-Nordic Countries IB and other international diplomas Diplomas from EU-EEA countries Master's: Apply for admission How to apply as a student or a former student ECTS credits Self-assessment forms Guide to the Application Portal Grading scale Legal right of admission Language requirements Degree programmes with study start in February Statistics and figures Admission statistics 2024 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2025 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2026 for master's programmes Special support Student life Student life at UCPH Campus life City Campus Frederiksberg Campus North Campus South Campus Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Leaving Denmark Health and safety in Denmark Danish residence permit Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Incoming exchange students 4EU+ Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Support Contact