Global menu Local menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Frontpage Education Submenu for "Education" Studies Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Study abroad Continuing Education Courses Programmes Customised courses PhD programmes The PhD process Career opportunities Course search Study guidance Research Submenu for "Research" Research Researchers and publications Areas of research Research centres News from research Society, Politics & Law Nature, Numbers & Technology Culture, Language & History Health, Body & Mind Innovation Submenu for "Innovation" Innovation For businesses For students For researchers Technology Transfer Innovation at UCPH UCPH Lighthouse About the University Submenu for "About the University" About the University Strategy Facts and figures Profile and history Collaboration Organisation Faculties Departments Museums and attractions Libraries Contact Map Find an employee Press service Employment Career for young researchers For international employees News Alumni Studies Input field for search terms Danish Change language to danish English Nuværende sprog er english Bachelor Submenu for "Bachelor" Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Submenu for "Master" Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Submenu for "Admission" Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Master's: Apply for admission Statistics and figures Special support Student life Submenu for "Student life" Student life at UCPH Campus life Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Submenu for "Exchange" Incoming exchange students Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Submenu for "Job and career" Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Submenu for "Meet us" Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Contact More Input field for search terms UCPH Education Studies Admission Bachelor: Apply for admission Quota 1 and quota 2 Quota 1 and quota 2 Understand the difference between quota 1 and quota 2 and how to apply for admission. 01 What is quota 1? 02 What is quota 2? 03 Quota 2-test 04 Application process 05 Diplomas from Nordic countries 06 IB and international diplomas 07 Diplomas from the EU/EEA 08 Non-EU/EEA and non-Nordic Understand the Quota 1 and Quota 2 application system It is necessary to understand the application process if you want to study abroad at University of Copenhagen in Denmark. Here you can read about quota 1 and quota 2 and how to apply for admission for a bachelor programme at University of Copenhagen (UCPH). Furthermore it is important to know the admission requirements for the bachelor programme you wish to apply for. Be aware, at the University of Copenhagen all bachelor programmes are taught in Danish and require the highest level in Danish or documentation for academic language skills in Danish. Find out how to obtain Danish language qualifications If you have a non-Danish exam you can apply for admission via quota 1 and quota 2 before the 15 March at 12:00. You need to fulfil the admission requirements no later than the 5 July at 12:00 the year you apply. You can apply for admission to the University of Copenhagen's bachelor programmes via optagelse.dk . The information on optagelse.dk regarding the University of Copenhagen is in Danish only. You are welcome to send your application from 1 February, when the application period at optagelse.dk starts. What is quota 1? You are only eligible for admission through quota 1 if your upper secondary education is from within the EU or you have an International Baccalaureate (IB) or an European Baccalaureate (EB). Furthermore, you are not eligible for admission via quota 1 if you have a vocational secondary education. If you have a foreign exam where it is possible to convert your grade point average (GPA) into a Danish GPA (only scandinavian and EU/EEA countries), your converted GPA must be 6.0 or higher if you want to apply in quota 1. If you are applying in quota 1, your application is exclusively based on your GPA from your original or first given exam certificate/diploma. Each bachelor degree programme will be given a specific GPA each year. If you are uncertain whether your GPA is high enough, you can also apply through quota 2. Please note that grades can be assessed in very different ways from country to country. If your converted GPA is 5.9 or less, it is not possible to be assessed in quota 1 and you can only apply through quota 2. See the minimum grade point averages for admission from the past few years (in Danish only). Learn more about quota 1 (in Danish) What is quota 2? Diplomas from outside EU/EEA and non-Nordic countries Please note, that if your upper secondary education is not from within the EU or you have an International Baccalaureate (IB) or European Baccalaureate (EB), or the Scandinavian countries you can only apply through quota 2. The quota 2-proces at the University of Copenhagen consists of a quota 2-test and a quota 2-interview. This is made so you can apply for admission, if you are uncertain if your GPA is high enough to get admitted through quota 1 or you GPA is below 6.0 GPA. You can apply for admission via quota 2 if: you have a qualifying exam, and you fulfil the specific admission requirements your degree does not qualify for quota 1 because it is not from a country within EU/EEA or is a vocational secondary education you are uncertain of your grade point average is high enough to be admitted in quota 1 your GPA is below Danish 6.0 you fulfil the language requirement Pass the quota 2-test. Please note that you must enroll separately in quota 2-test before the March (date to follow) if you want to apply for admission in quota 2. Applicants that have not participated and passed the quota exam will not be considered for admission. The quota 2-test is in Danish. Quota 2-test When you have applied for admission via quota 2 before the 15 March at 12:00, you need to pass a quota 2-test. The quota 2-test is in Danish. Please be aware that you have to enroll separately in the quota 2-test if you want to apply for admission in quota 2. Applicants who have not participated and passed the quota 2-test will not be considered for admission. Deadline for enrolment in quota 2-test The deadline for enrolment in the quota 2-test is March (date to follow). Applicants who pass the quota 2-test and get the best results will be invited to an oral or written interview. The interview can be held in either Danish, Norwegian or Swedish. Then the University of Copenhagen will make an overall assessment based on your test and interview. Learn more about quota 2 (in Danish) Application process When will I know if I am admitted to the study programme? On 28 July you will know if you are admitted to UCPH. You will receive a notification to your application, which will be visible on the self-service Mit KU . If offered admission, you must accept or decline the offer within the deadline given on Mit KU . Please note that all communication with the University takes place on Mit KU . For more information on admission to Danish higher education, please see the website of The Danish Agency for Science and Higher Education . Enrolment to all bachelor programmes at the University of Copenhagen takes place once a year, in September. There will be an introduction in late August where you meet your fellow student. The only exception to this rule is the bachelor programme in Medicine where students enroll twice a year, in September and in February. You can apply for admission to the University of Copenhagen's bachelor programmes via optagelse.dk . The information on optagelse.dk regarding the University of Copenhagen is in Danish only, as all our bachelor's degree programmes are taught in Danish. For applicants with a non-Danish secondary (high) school education, the application deadline for bachelor programmes in quota 1 and quota 2 is 15 March at 12:00. You are welcome to send your application from 1 February at optagelse.dk, when the application period at optagelse.dk starts. When you apply before 15 March at 12:00 your application is automatically linked to quota 2 and quota 1 (if quota 1 applies to you). If you do not wish to apply through quota 2, please let us know through the self-service Mit KU . Remember, that you need to enroll in and pass a quota 2-test . Diplomas from the Nordic countries Based on the Nordic Treaty on Recognition of Qualifications and Access to Higher Education, Nordic applicants are evaluated for admission on equal terms as applicants with a Danish upper secondary school examination - both in quota 1 and quota 2. Learn more about quota 1 (in Danish) Learn more about quota 2 (in Danish) IB and other international diplomas Applicants with an International Baccalaureate (IB) or European Baccalaureate examination are evaluated for admission on equal terms as applicants with a Danish upper secondary school examination - both in quota 1 and quota 2. Find out more about International Baccalaureate (IB) Diplomas from the EU/EEA On the basis of the EU/EEA Treaty on Recognition of Qualification and Access to Higher Education, applicants from the member countries are evaluated for admission on equal terms as applicants with a Danish upper secondary school examination both in quota 1 and quota 2. Find out more about Diplomas from the EU/EEA Diplomas from non-EU/EEA and non-Nordic countries Applicants with other foreign upper secondary (high) school examinations are evaluated on the basis of a Danish quota 2 test and interview. Only the following programmes will conduct oral interviews (all in Danish): Tandplejer Skov- og landskabsingeniør Teater- og performancestudier Veterinærmedicin . Find out more about Diplomas from non-EU/EEA and non-Nordic countries Studies Bachelor's degrees See all 78 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling Master's degrees See all 120 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling University of Copenhagen Management Administration Faculties Departments Research centres Animal hospitals School of Dentistry Libraries Museums Contact Map Find an employee Contact UCPH Services Press and media service Merchandise UCPH apps IT-support For suppliers For students and employees KUnet Job and career Job portal Jobs for students Alumni Emergencies Emergency response Web Cookies and privacy policy Accessibility statement Information security Connect with UCPH Bachelor Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Quota 1 and quota 2 Non-EU EEA and Non-Nordic Countries IB and other international diplomas Diplomas from EU-EEA countries Master's: Apply for admission How to apply as a student or a former student ECTS credits Self-assessment forms Guide to the Application Portal Grading scale Legal right of admission Language requirements Degree programmes with study start in February Statistics and figures Admission statistics 2024 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2025 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2026 for master's programmes Special support Student life Student life at UCPH Campus life City Campus Frederiksberg Campus North Campus South Campus Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Leaving Denmark Health and safety in Denmark Danish residence permit Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Incoming exchange students 4EU+ Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Support Contact