Global menu Local menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Frontpage Education Submenu for "Education" Studies Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Study abroad Continuing Education Courses Programmes Customised courses PhD programmes The PhD process Career opportunities Course search Study guidance Research Submenu for "Research" Research Researchers and publications Areas of research Research centres News from research Society, Politics & Law Nature, Numbers & Technology Culture, Language & History Health, Body & Mind Innovation Submenu for "Innovation" Innovation For businesses For students For researchers Technology Transfer Innovation at UCPH UCPH Lighthouse About the University Submenu for "About the University" About the University Strategy Facts and figures Profile and history Collaboration Organisation Faculties Departments Museums and attractions Libraries Contact Map Find an employee Press service Employment Career for young researchers For international employees News Alumni Studies Input field for search terms Danish Change language to danish English Nuværende sprog er english Bachelor Submenu for "Bachelor" Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Submenu for "Master" Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Submenu for "Admission" Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Master's: Apply for admission Statistics and figures Special support Student life Submenu for "Student life" Student life at UCPH Campus life Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Submenu for "Exchange" Incoming exchange students Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Submenu for "Job and career" Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Submenu for "Meet us" Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Contact More Input field for search terms UCPH Education Studies Admission Bachelor: Apply for admission Quota 2 Quota 2 You can apply for admission in Quota 2, if you are uncertain if your GPA is high enough to get admitted through quota 1 or you GPA is below 6.0 GPA. 01 What is quota 2? 02 The quota 2 test 03 The quota 2 process What is quota 2? The quota 2-proces at the University of Copenhagen consists of a quota 2-test and a quota 2-interview. This is made so you can apply for admission, if you are uncertain if your GPA is high enough to get admitted through quota 1 or you GPA is below 6.0 GPA. You can apply for admission via quota 2 if: you have a qualifying exam, and you fulfil the specific admission requirements your degree does not qualify for quota 1 because it is not from a country within EU/EEA or is a vocational secondary education you are uncertain of your grade point average is high enough to be admitted in quota 1 your GPA is below Danish 6.0 you fulfil the language requirement Pass the quota 2-test. You must enroll separately in quota 2-test before March (date to follow) if you want to apply for admission in quota 2. Applicants that have not participated and passed the quota exam will not be considered for admission. The quota 2-test is in Danish. Diplomas from outside EU/EEA and non-Nordic countries If your upper secondary education is not from within the EU or you have an International Baccalaureate (IB) or European Baccalaureate (EB), or the Scandinavian countries, you can only apply through quota 2. The quota 2 test When you have applied for admission via quota 2 before the 15 March at 12:00, you need to pass a quota 2-test. The quota 2-test is in Danish. Please be aware that you have to enroll separately in the quota 2-test if you want to apply for admission in quota 2. Applicants who have not participated and passed the quota 2-test will not be considered for admission. Deadline for enrolment in quota 2-test The deadline for enrolment in the quota 2-test is March (date to follow). Applicants who pass the quota 2-test and get the best results will be invited to an oral or written interview. The interview can be held in either Danish, Norwegian or Swedish. Then we will make an overall assessment based on your test and interview. Learn more about quota 2 (in Danish) Learn about quota 1, quota 2 and the application process The quota 2 process Get an overview of what happens in quota 2 - from application to potential admission offer. Click through to the step you want to learn more about (in Danish). 15 March at 12:00 Apply for admission via quota 2 at optagelse.dk March (date to follow) Enroll in the quota 2 test Within two working days, you will receive an email about how to log in to Mit KU. You will be notified there when you can enroll to the test April Take the quota 2 test The test consists of language-related and mathematical-logical tasks in Danish. May-June Proceed to the quota 2 interview Applicants who pass the quota 2-test and get the best results will be invited to an interview. 28 July Find out whether you have been admitted. You will be informed whether you have been offered a place. Studies Bachelor's degrees See all 78 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling Master's degrees See all 120 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling University of Copenhagen Management Administration Faculties Departments Research centres Animal hospitals School of Dentistry Libraries Museums Contact Map Find an employee Contact UCPH Services Press and media service Merchandise UCPH apps IT-support For suppliers For students and employees KUnet Job and career Job portal Jobs for students Alumni Emergencies Emergency response Web Cookies and privacy policy Accessibility statement Information security Connect with UCPH Bachelor Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Quota 1 and quota 2 Non-EU EEA and Non-Nordic Countries IB and other international diplomas Diplomas from EU-EEA countries Master's: Apply for admission How to apply as a student or a former student ECTS credits Self-assessment forms Guide to the Application Portal Grading scale Legal right of admission Language requirements Degree programmes with study start in February Statistics and figures Admission statistics 2024 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2025 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2026 for master's programmes Special support Student life Student life at UCPH Campus life City Campus Frederiksberg Campus North Campus South Campus Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Leaving Denmark Health and safety in Denmark Danish residence permit Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Incoming exchange students 4EU+ Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Support Contact