Global menu Local menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Frontpage Education Submenu for "Education" Studies Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Study abroad Continuing Education Courses Programmes Customised courses PhD programmes The PhD process Career opportunities Course search Study guidance Research Submenu for "Research" Research Researchers and publications Areas of research Research centres News from research Society, Politics & Law Nature, Numbers & Technology Culture, Language & History Health, Body & Mind Innovation Submenu for "Innovation" Innovation For businesses For students For researchers Technology Transfer Innovation at UCPH UCPH Lighthouse About the University Submenu for "About the University" About the University Strategy Facts and figures Profile and history Collaboration Organisation Faculties Departments Museums and attractions Libraries Contact Map Find an employee Press service Employment Career for young researchers For international employees News Alumni Studies Input field for search terms Danish English Nuværende sprog er english Bachelor Submenu for "Bachelor" Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Submenu for "Master" Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Submenu for "Admission" Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Master's: Apply for admission Statistics and figures Special support Student life Submenu for "Student life" Student life at UCPH Campus life Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Submenu for "Exchange" Incoming exchange students Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Submenu for "Job and career" Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Submenu for "Meet us" Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Contact More Input field for search terms UCPH Education Studies Admission Application and tuition fees Application deposit fee and tuition fees Understanding tuition fees is an important part of planning to study abroad. This page gives you a clear overview of what the costs are. 01 Application deposit fee 02 Tuition fees 03 Tuition fee exemptions 04 Payment policy and deadlines 05 Tuition fee refund policy 06 Living costs When planning to study at the University of Copenhagen, you will need to make a budget and assess whether you have sufficient funding for your studies. Reading about application and tuition fees and costs of living will give you a general idea of expenses. If you are looking for funding read about scholarships and loans. Read about scholarships Application deposit fee If you are a citizen from outside EU/EEA or Switzerland, you are required to pay an application deposit fee of DKK 1,120 (app. EUR 150), when applying for one or more master's degree programmes in the same application round. You will only have to pay the application deposit fee once each application round regardless of whether you choose to apply for one, two or the maximum of three master's degree programmes per application round. Terms of payment Payment can only be made in DKK and only through the webshop. You need to pay the application deposit fee before you send your application(s) to the University. You have to upload your receipt of payment along with each of your applications for admission. If you do not receive your receipt for payment of the application deposit fee, you can still apply for admission. In that case, you upload a document explaining the issue under the application deposit fee question, and complete and submit your application. Subsequently, you must send an email to student guidance and inform them of the missing receipt. If you are exempt from paying the application deposit fee (see below), you have to upload documentation and an explanation along with each of your applications for admission. Your application(s) will only be processed if the total amount is paid and your receipt (or documentation and explanation for right to exemption) is uploaded. Contact the student guidance Exemptions from payment of application deposit fee Please note that you are exempted from paying the application deposit fee if you: hold a Danish Bachelor's degree or a Danish Professional Bachelor's degree. hold a permanent residence permit in Denmark (including Greenland and the Faroe Islands). hold a temporary residence permit "with a view to" or "with the possibility of" permanent residency in Denmark (including Greenland and the Faroe Islands) and your permit states: "mhp. varigt ophold" or "mmf. varigt ophold". hold a permanent residence permit in one of the other Nordic countries (Norway, Sweden, Finland and Iceland), cf. Article 1 of the Danish Ministry of Foreign Affair's Order No 54 of 17 June 1999 between Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden regarding access to further education , provided you maintain your official residence in that country while enrolled at the University of Copenhagen. have become an EU citizen or enjoy equality of treatment with an EU citizen pursuant to the Executive Order on Residence in Denmark for Aliens Falling within the Rules of the European Union (EU Residence Order). have been granted a temporary residence permit cf. section 7 and section 8(1) or 8(2) of the Danish Aliens Act. have been granted a temporary residence permit on the grounds of family reunification, cf. section 9(1) or 9C(1) of the Danish Aliens Act as a consequence of a familial relationship to a foreigner with a residence permit pursuant to section 7 or section 8(1) or (2). have been granted a temporary residence permit cf. section 9B(1) of the Danish Aliens Act. have been granted a residence permit pursuant to Section 9M (previously 9C) of the Danish Aliens Act as a consequence of your parents having been granted residence permits pursuant to Section 9A of the Danish Aliens Act. have been granted a residence permit under the Danish Act on Temporary Residence Permit for Persons who Have Assisted Danish Authorities, etc. in Afghanistan, cf. Danish Ministerial Order no. 1957 of 15 October 2021 as amended by Danish Ministerial Order no. 2141 of 24 November 2021. hold dual citizenship (EU/EEA + non-EU/EEA) and decide to enter Denmark as an EU/EEA citizen. only apply for an Erasmus Mundus programme. have been granted a residence permit under the Danish Act on Temporary Residence Permit for Displaced Persons from Ukraine; cf. Danish Act no. 324 of 16 March 2022. Applicants with a temporary work permit in Denmark (e.g. Green Card) have to pay the application deposit fee. If you are unsure whether you must pay the application deposit fee, please contact the student guidance before the application deadline. Application deposit fee refund policy If your application is successful, the application deposit fee will be deducted from the first tuition fee payment that you make to the University of Copenhagen. If your application is successful and you are awarded a tuition fee waiver, a refund will not be given. If your application is unsuccessful, or if your application is successful but you choose not to accept the admission offer, a refund will not be given. A direct refund of the application deposit fee is only possible if you have made one or more payments of the application deposit fee without having submitted the relevant number of applications, or if you have paid the application deposit fee even though you are exempt from it. Once you have submitted an application, you are liable for the application deposit fee, even if you cancel the application. This means that if you pay the application deposit fee, but change your mind about applying, you can only get a refund if you have not yet submitted the application. Link to pay the application fee is availble from 15 November. Tuition fees Applicants with citizenship from countries outside of the EU/EEA or Non-Nordic Countries must pay tuition fees (for possible exemptions please see below). The University of Copenhagen uses the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System (ECTS). The ECTS system defines a full study load for one year as 60 ECTS. Most master's programmes last two years and are made up of 120 ECTS. Students enrolled in a 120 ECTS programme always pay for 120 ECTS/four semesters, even if you take longer - or finish faster. The tuition fee covers up to three attempts to pass each course. Along with an offer of admission, you will receive information on how and when to pay tuition, as well as term of payment. Tuition fees vary depending on the programme. Below you can find the programme specific tuition fee offered at the University of Copenhagen. The tuition fee is for 60 ECTS. Select study level Select study level Bachelor Master Study programme Select study programme Tuition fee exemptions In certain situations, you are exempted from paying tuition fee. You are exempted from paying tuition fee if you: hold a permanent residence permit in Denmark (including Greenland and the Faroe Islands). hold a temporary residence permit "with a view to" or "with the possibility of" permanent residency in Denmark (including Greenland and the Faroe Islands) and your permit states: "mhp. varigt ophold" or "mmf. varigt ophold". hold a permanent residence permit in one of the other Nordic countries (Norway, Sweden, Finland and Iceland), cf. Article 1 of the Danish Ministry of Foreign Affair's Order No 54 of 17 June 1999 between Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden regarding access to further education , provided you maintain your official residence in that country while enrolled at the University of Copenhagen. have become an EU citizen or enjoy equality of treatment with an EU citizen pursuant to the Executive Order on Residence in Denmark for Aliens Falling within the Rules of the European Union (EU Residence Order). have been granted a temporary residence permit cf. section 7 and section 8(1) or 8(2) of the Danish Aliens Act. have been granted a temporary residence permit on the grounds of family reunification, cf. section 9(1) or 9C(1) of the Danish Aliens Act as a consequence of a familial relationship to a foreigner with a residence permit pursuant to section 7 or section 8(1) or (2). have been granted a temporary residence permit cf. section 9B(1) of the Danish Aliens Act. have been granted a residence permit pursuant to Section 9M (previously 9C) of the Danish Aliens Act as a consequence of your parents having been granted residence permits pursuant to Section 9A of the Danish Aliens Act. have been granted a residence permit under the Danish Act on Temporary Residence Permit for Persons who Have Assisted Danish Authorities, etc. in Afghanistan, cf. Danish Ministerial Order no. 1957 of 15 October 2021 as amended by Danish Ministerial Order no. 2141 of 24 November 2021. hold dual citizenship (EU/EEA + non-EU/EEA) and decide to enter Denmark as an EU/EEA citizen. have been granted a residence permit under the Danish Act on Temporary Residence Permit for Displaced Persons from Ukraine; cf. Danish Act no. 324 of 16 March 2022. Applicants with a temporary work permit in Denmark (e.g. Green Card) have to pay the tuition fee. If you are unsure whether you must pay the tuition fee, please contact the student guidance before the application deadline. Open or close accordion Payment policy and deadlines The University of Copenhagen charges tuition fee for one semester (30 ECTS) at a time. It is not possible to split the payment into additional instalments. All fee-paying students must pay the tuition fee in full for four consecutive semesters regardless of how many ECTS they are registered for each respective semester. You only need to pay for maximum four semesters. If you, against expectation, do not complete your degree within the prescribed four semesters, you will not need to pay a fifth semester of tuition fees. The letter with your offer of admission will include a link to our payment portal and instructions on how to make the payment. Payment deadline (study start 1 September) 1 st semester 15 April (prior to the programme start) 2 nd semester 15 January 3 rd semester 15 August 4 th semester 15 January Payment deadline (study start 1 February) 1 st semester 15 November (prior to the programme start) 2 nd semester 15 August 3 rd semester 15 January 4 th semester 15 August NB: Your bank may retain a service fee when processing the payment transfer. The Payer (sender of the payment) will bear all of the transaction fees. Tuition fee refund policy The deadline for getting a full tuition fee refund as a newly admitted student is 31 July (autumn semester) and 31 December (spring semester). After this date, you can only get a refund in one of the following instances: If your application for a Danish residence permit is rejected. If you are conditionally accepted but do not fulfil the conditional requirements stated in your official letter of admission before the indicated deadlines. If you have paid for the 2 nd , 3 rd , or 4 th semester, but withdraw from the degree programme before the semester starts (the withdrawal deadlines are 31 August or 31 January). If you subsequently obtain a residence permit or citizenship, exempting you from paying the tuition fee. The validity date of the permit, or citizenship, must be before the semester starts (the official validity date must be 31 August or 31 January at the latest). Please note that our bank may retain a service fee when processing the reimbursement. The person who paid (sender of the payment) bears the payment transaction fees. Payment by and reimbursement to third parties We often receive tuition fee payments made by third parties - such as parents, spouses, or others - on behalf of applicants. Please note that the refund will be issued to the original payer, not the applicant. Furthermore, the refund will be issued to the credit card/bank account used to make the payment without exceptions. Although payment is made on the applicant's behalf, the applicant is not entitled to receive reimbursement. Only the individual who made the original payment is eligible for a refund. Living costs When planning to study at University of Copenhagen budgeting right early on is important. Your budget should consist of items such as tuition fees (if it applies to you), international travel expenses, insurance, settling expenses, and monthly living expenses in Copenhagen. Monthly living expenses include items such as rent and utilities, internet and phone subscriptions, food and household supplies, local transportation, books and other study material, as well as sport and leisure activities. Living expenses will vary on an individual basis depending on cost of housing and your personal lifestyle choices. Living in Copenhagen is estimated at EUR 1,280-1,800 per month. Read more about housing Read about scholarships and loans Studies Bachelor's degrees See all 78 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling Master's degrees See all 120 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling University of Copenhagen Management Administration Faculties Departments Research centres Animal hospitals School of Dentistry Libraries Museums Contact Map Find an employee Contact UCPH Services Press and media service Merchandise UCPH apps IT-support For suppliers For students and employees KUnet Job and career Job portal Jobs for students Alumni Emergencies Emergency response Web Cookies and privacy policy Accessibility statement Information security Connect with UCPH Bachelor Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Quota 1 and quota 2 Non-EU EEA and Non-Nordic Countries IB and other international diplomas Diplomas from EU-EEA countries Master's: Apply for admission How to apply as a student or a former student ECTS credits Self-assessment forms Guide to the Application Portal Grading scale Legal right of admission Language requirements Degree programmes with study start in February Statistics and figures Admission statistics 2024 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2025 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2026 for master's programmes Special support Student life Student life at UCPH Campus life City Campus Frederiksberg Campus North Campus South Campus Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Leaving Denmark Health and safety in Denmark Danish residence permit Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Incoming exchange students 4EU+ Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Support Contact