Global menu Local menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Frontpage Education Submenu for "Education" Studies Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Study abroad Continuing Education Courses Programmes Customised courses PhD programmes The PhD process Career opportunities Course search Study guidance Research Submenu for "Research" Research Researchers and publications Areas of research Research centres News from research Society, Politics & Law Nature, Numbers & Technology Culture, Language & History Health, Body & Mind Innovation Submenu for "Innovation" Innovation For businesses For students For researchers Technology Transfer Innovation at UCPH UCPH Lighthouse About the University Submenu for "About the University" About the University Strategy Facts and figures Profile and history Collaboration Organisation Faculties Departments Museums and attractions Libraries Contact Map Find an employee Press service Employment Career for young researchers For international employees News Alumni Studies Input field for search terms Danish Change language to danish English Nuværende sprog er english Bachelor Submenu for "Bachelor" Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Submenu for "Master" Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Submenu for "Admission" Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Master's: Apply for admission Statistics and figures Special support Student life Submenu for "Student life" Student life at UCPH Campus life Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Submenu for "Exchange" Incoming exchange students Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Submenu for "Job and career" Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Submenu for "Meet us" Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Contact More Input field for search terms UCPH Education Studies Bachelor Bachelor Kickstart your career at UCPH and explore 78 bachelor's degree programmes - all are taught in Danish. Find a bachelor programme at UCPH Search field Filter Topics Topics Choose your areas of interest and find the right master's degree programme for you. Society, politics and economics Psychology, ethics and learning Communication, media and it Art, architecture and culture Culture, history and society Medicine and biotechnology Biology, chemistry and nature Environment, natural resources and food science Physics, mathematics and nanoscience Health Language and language comprehension OK Reset Actuarial Mathematics Anthropology Art History Asian Studies (China Studies) Asian Studies (India and South Asian Studies) Asian Studies (Japan Studies) Asian Studies (Korean Studies) Audiologopedics Biochemistry Bioinformatics Biology Biomedical Engineering Load more Show less Upcoming application deadlines Bachelor's degree programmes 15 March at 12:00 Application deadline for quota 2 applicants and quota 1 applicants with additional documentation. Bachelor's degree programmes 5 July at 12:00 Quota 1 applicants deadline. Read all about application and admission Admission requirements To apply for a bachelor programme at the University of Copenhagen, you must meet specific admission requirements and deadlines. Quota 1 and quota 2 Here you can read about quota 1 and quota 2 and how to apply for admission for a bachelor programme at University of Copenhagen. Taught in Danish UCPH only offers bachelor's degree programmes taught in Danish. Learn about the language requirements here. Student life at UCPH Student life at UCPH What is student life like at UCPH? Read on to learn about UCPH's social and academic communities. Find housing in Copenhagen Are you looking for a place to live during your studies in Copenhagen? Read on for tips and best practices. Living in Copenhagen Are you new to Copenhagen? Read on to get to know Copenhagen as a student city. Find your study programme with the interest wheel Find your study programme with the interest wheel Job and career Get help kickstarting your career - advice and guidance Become an entrepreneur - how to start your own business during and after your studies. Do you dream of becoming a high school teacher? What is a Bachelor's Degree? If you want to study at the university, you begin by applying for a bachelor's degree programme. But what exactly is a bachelor's degree? A bachelor's degree programme is structured for three years of full-time study. Most students choose to continue with a master's program, which is typically two years long. Check out sneak peeks of the teaching in KU's bachelor programs. Read more about what a master's degree is. Core Subjects in the Bachelor's degree programme In a bachelor's degree programme, you study a variety of core subjects within your field. The reading load is significantly heavier than in, for example, high school. The core subjects in the bachelor's degree programme prepare you for the more specific and elective courses you will encounter later in your studies. In most bachelor's degree programmes, you can tailor your education with elective courses in areas that interest you. For instance, you might study for half a year at a university abroad, collaborate on a project with a company, or participate in a project-based course within an organization. What Can You Do with a Bachelor's Degree? With a bachelor's degree, you essentially have a completed education. However, the job market in Denmark is quite limited for bachelor's degree holders. Therefore, most students continue to a master's program. The master's degree is structured for two years of full-time study-except for the medical program, which takes three years. You can see examples of the master's degree programmes you can access with each bachelor's degree when you read about the programme. You can also see which elective courses you can choose during your studies. Studies Bachelor's degrees See all 78 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling Master's degrees See all 120 programmes Application and admission Contact student counselling University of Copenhagen Management Administration Faculties Departments Research centres Animal hospitals School of Dentistry Libraries Museums Contact Map Find an employee Contact UCPH Services Press and media service Merchandise UCPH apps IT-support For suppliers For students and employees KUnet Job and career Job portal Jobs for students Alumni Emergencies Emergency response Web Cookies and privacy policy Accessibility statement Information security Connect with UCPH Bachelor Find all programmes Find areas of interest Study Choices at UCPH Master Find all programmes Part-time master's degree Entrance qualifications New opportunities for master's degrees Study start Admission Application and tuition fees Bachelor: Apply for admission Quota 1 and quota 2 Non-EU EEA and Non-Nordic Countries IB and other international diplomas Diplomas from EU-EEA countries Master's: Apply for admission How to apply as a student or a former student ECTS credits Self-assessment forms Guide to the Application Portal Grading scale Legal right of admission Language requirements Degree programmes with study start in February Statistics and figures Admission statistics 2024 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2025 for master's programmes Admission statistics 2026 for master's programmes Special support Student life Student life at UCPH Campus life City Campus Frederiksberg Campus North Campus South Campus Transcript of records Student data processing at UCPH Study Structure Student counselling Onboarding at UCPH University chaplains Housing Living in Copenhagen Leaving Denmark Health and safety in Denmark Danish residence permit Elite sport at UCPH State Educational Grant Exchange Incoming exchange students 4EU+ Outgoing exchange students International trainees in Denmark Credit students (from Danish universities) Job and career Career options Upper secondary school teacher Become an entrepreneur Meet us Bachelor's Open House Master's Open House Support Contact