Skip to content 台大國際事務處 Open House Learn Colleges & Departments English-Taught Programs Multidisciplinary Learning Future NTU Exchange Programs Dual-Degree Programs Academic Advising Learning Chinese Explore Latest News Life on Campus NTU Campus Housing & Dining Student Clubs Life in Taipei Life in Taiwan Career Development Student Stories Alumni Highlights NTU International High School Alliance NTU Centennial Fellowship Fees & Scholarships Tuition Fees Cost of Living Scholarships Work Opportunities Apply Degree Students Admission Information Student Status Academic Requirements Language Proficiency Requirements Application Timeline Conditional Admission International Students Overseas Chinese/Hong Kong & Macao Students NTU Admissions for Overseas Chinese, Hong Kong & Macau Students University Entrance Committee for Overseas Compatriot Students Mainland Chinese Students International Sophomore Entry Dual-Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Frequently Asked Questions 中 MENU Open House Learn Colleges & Departments English-Taught Programs Multidisciplinary Learning Academic Advising Learning Chinese Explore Latest News Life on Campus Life in Taipei Life in Taiwan Career Development Student Stories Alumni Highlights NTU International High School Alliance NTU Centennial Fellowship Fees & Scholarships Tuition Fees Cost of Living Scholarships Work Opportunities Apply Degree Students Dual-Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Frequently Asked Questions © 2023 National Taiwan University Office of International Affairs Home / Apply / Degree Students / International Students International Students Available Degree Programs National Taiwan University offers around 300 undergraduate and graduate degree programs. Browse our range of available programs, and learn more about each department or graduate institute, and their respective application requirements and scholarship opportunities. 2027 February Entry (Graduate programs only) 2027 September Entry Before Applying… Can you apply as an International Student? Check your eligibility Check Academic Requirements Check Language Proficiency Requirements Check Conditional Admission Read Admission Guidelines: 2027 February Entry Admission Guidelines 2027 September Entry Admission Guidelines Online Application System 2027 February Entry (Graduate programs only) Closed Application Period: August 3 (11AM) - September 17, 2026 (4PM) Application Link 2027 September Entry (1st Round) Open Application Period: September 29 (11AM) - November 5, 2026 (4PM) Application Link 2027 September Entry (2nd Round) Not Yet Application Period: December 1, 2026 (11AM) - January 19, 2027 (4PM) Application Link TBA Application Procedures Create an account Create an account in our online application system. You are advised to remember the email address used for applying, as you will need it to log in to the system to modify application information, upload documents, and check your application status and results. Fill in your personal information Personal information required include your full name in English (and Chinese, if applicable), date of birth, country of birth, e-mail, education, work experience, etc. Select up to 5 departments Each applicant may apply to up to five departments/graduate institutes. Where an applicant receives more than one admission offer, they can only choose one department/graduate institute to enroll in. Upload documents Documents Required for Eligibility Check Graduation certificate: Students who are graduating in the current year should submit the provisional graduation certificate or the certificate of enrollment officially issued by the school. Transcripts Proof of nationality Language proficiency required by NTU Documents Required by Department Committees for Academic Review Language Proficiency Certificate Recommendation Letters Additional required documents Other Required Documents Photograph Payment receipt of application fee Declaration and Authorization Form Financial statement Other materials that support the student's application For further details regarding each required document, please refer to our admission guidelines. Recommendation letters Writing the Recommendation Letter The recommendation letters must be written in either Mandarin Chinese or English. The recommender may choose to fill in the online recommendation letter (recommended option) or upload a scanned file of the recommendation letter. A hard copy of the recommendation letter is to be provided only upon request by the department/graduate institute. Finding a Recommender There is no hard rule as to who you should ask to be your recommender. However, we advise that your recommender be a teacher or employer that knows you well and can accurately portray your strengths and potential. If you are applying for more than one department/graduate institute, you may have only one recommender for all your programs, or different recommenders for each program. Note that if a recommender is recommending you for multiple programs, they will have to fill in or write a recommendation letter for each program. Number of Recommendation Letters Some departments/graduate institutes may request 1 or 2 recommendation letters, whereas some may not require that you submit any recommendation letters. Please refer to the application requirements to find out the number of recommendation letters required by your department/graduate institute. For each application, you may send up to 5 recommendation letter requests. You will be able to submit your application after the minimum required number of recommendation letters is uploaded. If the department/graduate institute requires 2 recommendation letters, but received 3 from your application, you will not be able to choose which letters will or will not get reviewed. Regarding the Application Deadline After filling in your recommenders' information, you will be able to send out the recommendation letter requests through the application system to your recommenders' e-mails. You will be able to check if your recommender has opened the e-mail, and whether they have uploaded a recommendation letter. The recommendation letters are considered part of your application. You will only be able to submit your application after the minimum number of recommendation letters have been uploaded. Please ensure that your recommender uploads the recommendation letters within the designated time frame. Application fee Payment Form After completing the online application, the system will automatically generate a payment form. Please make sure the amount is correct, print out the form, and make the payment by bank remittance. Remember to upload the receipt to the online application system after the payment has been completed. Application Fee First-time Applicants: The application fee for first-time applicants is NTD 2,000 or USD 80 per department/graduate institute. Where an applicant applies for three or more departments/graduate institutes, the fee is NTD 1,500 or USD 60 per additional application from the third application onward. Former NTU students: The application fee for former NTU students is NTD 1,500 or USD 60 for each department/graduate institute. This reduction is applicable to all former degree students (including dual-degree students) and exchange students. Visiting and short-term students that applied through the Office of International Affairs are also eligible for this reduction, and are required to provide their NTU student ID number. Applicants without a student ID number will be considered first-time applicants. Payment methods Domestic (Taiwan) payments are only accepted in NT dollars. International payments are only accepted in US dollars. Online credit card payments: After successfully paying through the online credit card payment system, download the payment invoice, fill it in, and upload it to the online application system. After the payment is completed, no refund will be given under any circumstances, including but not limited to the withdrawal of application, failure to meet requirements, mistake in the payment and/or double payment. Examinations and interviews Some departments/graduate institutes may require oral/written examinations or interviews. Please refer to the application requirements for each respective department/graduate institute. Important Dates All deadlines and release times are at 4pm (GMT+8) on the following dates unless otherwise stated. 2027 February Entry 2027 February Entry Dates & Deadlines (2026) Online application starts August 3, 11am Online application deadline September 17 Admissions & scholarships decisions release date November 10 Admitted students reply deadline November 17 2027 September Entry 2027 September Entry Dates & Deadlines 1st Round (2026-2027) 2nd Round (2026-2027) Online application starts September 29, 11am December 1, 11am Online application deadline November 5 January 19 Admissions & scholarships decisions release date January 14* April 8 Admitted students reply deadline January 21 April 15 Final decisions release date (for waitlisted students) January 28 April 22 *First round applicants may find their results indicating "Postponed." Such applicants can check their application results via the second round application system on the release day of the second round application. Videos The Office of International Affairs is here to help! It is our responsibility to ensure that every international student's needs are met, and that you get the most out of your stay at NTU. Drop-in consultation hours : Monday to Friday, 1:30 PM to 4:30 PM National Taiwan University conducts its international student admissions in accordance with the regulations of the Ministry of Education. The University does not collaborate with any study abroad agencies or external institutions for recruitment purposes. Requests from such organizations for campus visits, meetings, or recruitment cooperation are, in principle, not accommodated. All official admissions information is published on NTU's Overseas Student Admission website. The campus remains open to the public; those who wish to explore are welcomed to visit-no prior application is required. 7F, Lixian Hall, No 1, Sec 4, Roosevelt Rd, Taipei 10617, Taiwan +886-2-3366-2007 Degree Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD Admissions intadmission@ntu.edu.tw Dual Degree Programs intstudent@ntu.edu.tw Non-Degree Exchange, Visiting,and Research Visiting Programs intstudent@ntu.edu.tw Short-Term Programs ntuplusacademy@ntu.edu.tw © 2023 National Taiwan University Office of International Affairs