Skip to content 台大國際事務處 Open House Learn Colleges & Departments English-Taught Programs Multidisciplinary Learning Future NTU Exchange Programs Dual-Degree Programs Academic Advising Learning Chinese Explore Latest News Life on Campus NTU Campus Housing & Dining Student Clubs Life in Taipei Life in Taiwan Career Development Student Stories Alumni Highlights NTU International High School Alliance NTU Centennial Fellowship Fees & Scholarships Tuition Fees Cost of Living Scholarships Work Opportunities Apply Degree Students Admission Information Student Status Academic Requirements Language Proficiency Requirements Application Timeline Conditional Admission International Students Overseas Chinese/Hong Kong & Macao Students NTU Admissions for Overseas Chinese, Hong Kong & Macau Students University Entrance Committee for Overseas Compatriot Students Mainland Chinese Students International Sophomore Entry Dual-Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Frequently Asked Questions 中 MENU Open House Learn Colleges & Departments English-Taught Programs Multidisciplinary Learning Academic Advising Learning Chinese Explore Latest News Life on Campus Life in Taipei Life in Taiwan Career Development Student Stories Alumni Highlights NTU International High School Alliance NTU Centennial Fellowship Fees & Scholarships Tuition Fees Cost of Living Scholarships Work Opportunities Apply Degree Students Dual-Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Frequently Asked Questions © 2023 National Taiwan University Office of International Affairs Home / Apply / Degree Students / Admission Information / Student Status Student Status Overseas students applying to NTU are divided into International Students, Overseas Chinese Students, Hong Kong and Macao Students, and Mainland Chinese Students. The regulations, application process, tuition fees, scholarships, and available programs may differ depending on each student status. Before starting your application, it is important to check your student status in order to decide which application method is most suitable for you. Regulations International Students Regulations Applicants that wish to apply as an international student must meet the requirements stated in the Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan . Any applicant or student found to be in violation of the provisions of said regulations will have their admission offer immediately canceled, enrollment revoked, registration as current student canceled, or any degree already awarded rescinded. No certification whatsoever regarding their related academic undertakings will be issued. Requirements for Applying as an International Student In order to be permitted to apply as an international student, applicants must meet one of the following conditions: You only hold foreign nationality. You hold both R.O.C. nationality (see note 1) and a foreign nationality, must have never had household registration in Taiwan, and in the immediate past, have resided overseas (outside Taiwan, Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macao) continuously for at least six years (see note 2). You currently hold a foreign nationality and used to hold R.O.C. nationality, but have renounced your R.O.C. nationality with the approval of the Ministry of the Interior on a date at least eight full years before your application. And, in the immediate past, have resided overseas (outside Taiwan, Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macao) continuously for at least six years (see note 2). You hold both a foreign nationality and permanent residency of Hong Kong or Macao, must have never had household registration in Taiwan, and in the immediate past, have resided outside Taiwan and Mainland China continuously for at least six years (see note 2). Note 1: According to Article 2 of the Nationality Act, a person shall have the nationality of the ROC if their father or mother was a national of the ROC when they were born. Note 2: Applicants applying to a university department of medicine, dentistry, or Chinese medicine must have resided overseas continuously* for at least eight years. *Continuous Overseas Residency: The term "resided overseas continuously" means that the applicant has stayed in Taiwan for no more than a total of 120 days in each calendar year, with the starting date of the semester (February 1, or August 1) as the end date of said period. This restriction does not apply to applicants that can present documentary proof of any of the circumstances listed in Article 2, Paragraph 5, Subparagraphs 1 to 4 of the Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan Applicants Must Have Never Studied in Taiwan as an Overseas Chinese Student Applicants that are also eligible to apply as an overseas Chinese student but wish to apply as an international student must have never undertaken studies in Taiwan as an overseas Chinese student, and have not been given a placement in the current academic year by the University Entrance Committee for Overseas Chinese Students in accordance with the Regulations Regarding Study and Counseling Assistance for Overseas Chinese Students in Taiwan. Overseas Chinese Student Status Regulations Regulations A person's overseas Chinese student status must be validated by the Overseas Compatriots Affairs Commission (OCAC). Applicants that wish to apply as an overseas Chinese student must meet the requirements stated in the Regulations Regarding Study and Counseling Assistance for Overseas Compatriot Students in Taiwan . Any applicant or student found to be in violation of the provisions of said regulations will have their admission offer immediately canceled, enrollment revoked, registration as current student canceled, or any degree already awarded rescinded. No certification whatsoever regarding their related academic undertakings will be issued. Requirements for Applying as an Overseas Chinese Student Applicants that wish to apply as an overseas Chinese student must meet all of the following criteria: is a person of Chinese descent and has obtained permanent or long-term residency overseas. was born and had resided overseas until the present time, or has been residing overseas for six or more consecutive years in the immediate past (eight or more consecutive years if the person is applying to a university department of medicine, dentistry, or Chinese medicine). Continuous Offshore Residency Applicants will have resided overseas continuously if they have not stayed in Taiwan, mainland China, Hong Kong, or Macao for more than the specified amount of days. The term "overseas" refers to countries or regions other than Taiwan, the Mainland Area, Hong Kong, and Macao. The term "resided overseas continuously" means that the applicant has stayed in Taiwan for no more than a total of 120 days in each calendar year. This restriction does not apply to applicants that can present documentary proof of any of the circumstances listed in Article 3 of the Regulations Regarding Study and Counseling Assistance for Overseas Compatriot Students in Taiwan . The standard way to calculate the period of continuous residency overseas is to start calculating backwards from the final date that overseas students can apply in the current year designated in the admission guidelines for overseas students. This does not apply, however, to applicants whose period of continuous residency overseas must be calculated using August 31 of the year of the application. Hong Kong and Macao Student Status Regulations Regulations Applicants that wish to apply as a Hong Kong or Macau student must meet the requirements stated in the Regulations for Hong Kong and Macao Residents Studying in Taiwan (Chinese version only) . Any applicant or student found to be in violation of the provisions of said regulations will have their admission offer immediately canceled, enrollment revoked, registration as current student canceled, or any degree already awarded rescinded. No certification whatsoever regarding their related academic undertakings will be issued. Requirements for Applying as a Hong Kong or Macao Student Applicants that wish to apply as a Hong Kong or Macau student must meet all of the following criteria: is a resident of Hong Kong or Macau, and have obtained permanent residence permits for Hong Kong and Macau have resided in Hong Kong, Macau or offshore continuously for more than 6 years (8 years for applicants that wish to apply to a department of medicine, dentistry or Chinese medicine). Continuous Offshore Residency Applicants will have resided offshore continuously if they have not stayed in Taiwan for more than the specified amount of days. The term "offshore" refers to countries or regions other than Taiwan. The term "resided offshore continuously" means that the applicant has stayed in Taiwan for no more than a total of 120 days in each calendar year. This restriction does not apply to applicants that can present documentary proof of any of the circumstances listed in Article 3 of the Regulations Regarding Hong Kong and Macao Residents Undertaking Studies in Taiwan (Chinese version only) . Mainland Chinese Students Requirements for Applying as a Mainland Chinese Student Applicants that wish to apply as a mainland Chinese student must be from Mainland China and are registered in Beijing, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, Guangdong, Hubei or Liaoning. Application Methods Mainland Chinese Students must apply through the University Entrance Committee for Mainland Chinese Students (UECMCS), and should contact said committee regarding any admission inquiries. Overseas Degree Student Status Check Tool Find out which student status you are eligible to apply as by simply answering a few questions. Start Next Up Academic Requirements The Office of International Affairs is here to help! It is our responsibility to ensure that every international student's needs are met, and that you get the most out of your stay at NTU. Drop-in consultation hours : Monday to Friday, 1:30 PM to 4:30 PM National Taiwan University conducts its international student admissions in accordance with the regulations of the Ministry of Education. The University does not collaborate with any study abroad agencies or external institutions for recruitment purposes. Requests from such organizations for campus visits, meetings, or recruitment cooperation are, in principle, not accommodated. All official admissions information is published on NTU's Overseas Student Admission website. The campus remains open to the public; those who wish to explore are welcomed to visit-no prior application is required. 7F, Lixian Hall, No 1, Sec 4, Roosevelt Rd, Taipei 10617, Taiwan +886-2-3366-2007 Degree Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD Admissions intadmission@ntu.edu.tw Dual Degree Programs intstudent@ntu.edu.tw Non-Degree Exchange, Visiting,and Research Visiting Programs intstudent@ntu.edu.tw Short-Term Programs ntuplusacademy@ntu.edu.tw © 2023 National Taiwan University Office of International Affairs