Skip to content 台大國際事務處 Open House Learn Colleges & Departments English-Taught Programs Multidisciplinary Learning Future NTU Exchange Programs Dual-Degree Programs Academic Advising Learning Chinese Explore Latest News Life on Campus NTU Campus Housing & Dining Student Clubs Life in Taipei Life in Taiwan Career Development Student Stories Alumni Highlights NTU International High School Alliance NTU Centennial Fellowship Fees & Scholarships Tuition Fees Cost of Living Scholarships Work Opportunities Apply Degree Students Admission Information Student Status Academic Requirements Language Proficiency Requirements Application Timeline Conditional Admission International Students Overseas Chinese/Hong Kong & Macao Students NTU Admissions for Overseas Chinese, Hong Kong & Macau Students University Entrance Committee for Overseas Compatriot Students Mainland Chinese Students International Sophomore Entry Dual-Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Frequently Asked Questions 中 MENU Open House Learn Colleges & Departments English-Taught Programs Multidisciplinary Learning Academic Advising Learning Chinese Explore Latest News Life on Campus Life in Taipei Life in Taiwan Career Development Student Stories Alumni Highlights NTU International High School Alliance NTU Centennial Fellowship Fees & Scholarships Tuition Fees Cost of Living Scholarships Work Opportunities Apply Degree Students Dual-Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Frequently Asked Questions © 2023 National Taiwan University Office of International Affairs Home / Apply / Degree Students / Conditional Admission Conditional Admission Applicable Applicants: Applicants applying through the "NTU Admissions for Overseas Chinese, Hong Kong & Macau Students" or the "NTU Admissions for International Students" channels. If applicants have not obtained a language proficiency certificate at the time of application, or their language proficiency does not meet the minimum language proficiency requirements or the department's/graduate institute's requirements, the department or the graduate institute committee may decide whether to grant a conditional admission. ※Note : International Sophomore Entry does not offer conditional admission. Deadline for submitting the language proficiency certificates: 2027 February entry applicants who submit the language proficiency certificate by the end of November, 2026 may enroll in the original intended entry. 2027 September entry applicants who submit the language proficiency certificate by the end of May, 2027 may enroll in the original intended entry. ※ Students who are unable to submit the required language proficiency certificates within the abovementioned time frame, please refer to the instructions below. Language proficiency requirements: Chinese Conditional Admission : Applicants must first enroll in a Chinese-language program at the Chinese Language Division (CLD), NTU's Chinese language center. Students are responsible for the CLD Chinese-language program fees. They are to obtain a Chinese proficiency certificate at the required level or above within one year to be officially admitted to NTU. The conditional admission will be cancelled if they fail to provide such documents within the one-year time frame. English Conditional Admission : Students are to obtain an English proficiency certificate at the required level or above within one year to be officially admitted to NTU. The conditional admission will be cancelled if they fail to provide such documents within the one-year time frame. ※Note: Bachelor's degree students can only enroll in the September entry. The Office of International Affairs is here to help! It is our responsibility to ensure that every international student's needs are met, and that you get the most out of your stay at NTU. Drop-in consultation hours : Monday to Friday, 1:30 PM to 4:30 PM National Taiwan University conducts its international student admissions in accordance with the regulations of the Ministry of Education. The University does not collaborate with any study abroad agencies or external institutions for recruitment purposes. Requests from such organizations for campus visits, meetings, or recruitment cooperation are, in principle, not accommodated. All official admissions information is published on NTU's Overseas Student Admission website. The campus remains open to the public; those who wish to explore are welcomed to visit-no prior application is required. 7F, Lixian Hall, No 1, Sec 4, Roosevelt Rd, Taipei 10617, Taiwan +886-2-3366-2007 Degree Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD Admissions intadmission@ntu.edu.tw Dual Degree Programs intstudent@ntu.edu.tw Non-Degree Exchange, Visiting,and Research Visiting Programs intstudent@ntu.edu.tw Short-Term Programs ntuplusacademy@ntu.edu.tw © 2023 National Taiwan University Office of International Affairs