ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING Pictures Videos Blogs E-Books ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING Pictures Videos Blogs E-Books ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS Undergraduate program Question Apply Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs Undergraduate program Graduate program PhD Global China Program Non-degree Academic Study Standard Chinese Language Program Intensive Chinese Language Program Business Chinese Language Program Standard Chinese Language Program（Enrollment in April） Experience Diverse China Summer Program Winter Language Program IBEC Chinese Language Summer Program Global Ecology Program Programs Introduction Contact Information How to apply? Open All Close All General Information Duration: 4 years Beginning: Early September 2026 Application Deadline: Please refer to the table below. For detailed scholarship information, please refer to scholarship . Application Type Application Deadline Chinese Government Scholarship Type A Please consult the Chinese Embassy/Consulate in your home country for detailed info Shanghai Government Scholarship ECNU Excellent Freshmen Scholarship April 30th, 2026 International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship May 15th, 2026 (Subject to the official announcements issued by Center for Language Education and Cooperation) Self-financed June 1st, 2026 Eligibility 1. High school qualification or above with valid foreign passport. 2. Following students should meet the conditions set by the Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC: (1) Students who emigrate from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and obtain the foreign nationality; (2) Students, whose parents (either or both) hold Chinese nationality and reside abroad, acquire foreign nationality at the time of birth. 3. The students who apply for the program of English or programs in the School of International Chinese Studies or Chinese-taught programs in the School of Design should have HSK-4 with a passing score of 180 or above,and HSK-5 with a passing score of 180 or above is required for other Chinese-taught programs(programs in the School of Communication require HSK-6 with a passing score of 180 or above). Applicants of English-taught programs from non-English native speaking countries should have IELTS (6.0 or above) / TOFEL (85 or above) / Cambridge English (B2 or above) certificate. 4. Applicants should have China Scholastic Competency Assessment test result (CSCA) test result. Required test subjects vary by program. Please refer to the program catalog for details. *There is no minimum score threshold for 2026 admission applications. The CSCA score is considered one of the references in the university's academic review and comprehensive evaluation. 5. Applicants under the age of 18 must provide a guardian's certificate. If applicant's parents are not within the territory of China, they need to appoint a foreigner or a Chinese resident within China as their guardian. Documents required NOTE: All the documents uploaded in the application system must be scanned copies of the original documents. Any documents not in Chinese or English should attach the notarized translation in Chinese or English . 1. ECNU International Students Application Form Please log into the online application system at http://lxsapply.ecnu.edu.cn to fill in and pay the application fee RMB 800 online. 2. High School Graduation Certificate Graduating students should provide a certificate of impending graduation. The expected time to obtain the degree certificate should be earlier than August 31, and the graduation certificate must be submitted when registering. 3. Complete High School Transcript 4. Language Proficiency Certificate *For Chinese-taught programs: copy of the effective (within 2 yrs) HSK certificate. Required HSK levels for each program should be referred to the program list. *For English taught programs: copy of the effective (within 2 yrs) IELTS (6.0 or above) / TOEFL (85 or above) / Cambridge English (B2 or above) certificate. Exemption of English Proficiency Certificate: (1) English is native language or official language (2) Other equivalent English proficiency certificates (must be reviewed and approved by ECNU) 5. China Scholastic Competency Assessment test result (CSCA) (For specific exam registration details, please refer to the official CSCA website: www.csca.cn) *Required test subjects vary by program. Please refer to the program catalog for details. *There is no minimum score threshold for 2026 admission applications. The CSCA score is considered one of the references in the university's academic review and comprehensive evaluation. 6. Letter of self-recommendation Length: 500-800 words Language: It should be written in Chinese for Chinese-taught programs applicants and in English for English-taught programs applicants. Content: Should include, but is not limited to the applicants' self introduction, motivation for application and study plan. 7. Photocopy of passport (including personal information page and Chinese visa pages) 8. Guardian's Letter of Guarantee is required for applicants under 18 years old. Guardian Statement.doc Documents required for the students who emigrate from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and obtain the foreign nationality; whose parents (either or both) hold Chinese nationality and reside abroad, acquire foreign nationality at the time of birth: 1. In the past four years' (by April 30) entry & exit stamp pages on the passport from China Mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan 2. Entry and Exit Information Form & Letter of Commitment 出入境信息承诺书（2026年入学）.docx Note: The university conducts only a preliminary document review of the applicant's eligibility. If a student fails to pass the nationality/eligibility verification by the relevant consulate or the Entry-Exit Administration of the public security authorities, or fails to obtain a compliant visa at any stage (either before or after enrollment), their admission eligibility or student status will be revoked. Supplementary Documentation for Scholarship application: 1. Effective (within 6 months) Health Certificate FOREIGNER PHYSICAL EXAMINATION FORM.pdf Physical examination report must cover all of the items listed in the Foreigner Physical Examination Form, and provide the detailed blood test report. Incomplete forms or forms without the applicants' photograph, a sealed photograph of the applicant, the official stamp of the hospital, or signature of physician are considered as invalid. 2. Non-criminal Certificate Documents required by school or institute: Applicants of School of Fine Art must submit the latest original artwork. Applicants to the School of Music must provide a recent performance video (instrumental or vocal). NOTE: 1. An application is considered valid only when complete and valid materials have been submitted through the application system before the deadline. Incomplete applications will not be processed, and materials submitted via email, WeChat, or other channels will not be accepted. Once an application is accepted, all submitted materials and fees are non-refundable, regardless of the applicant's admission status. 2. For undergraduate programs, each application allows for one program choice. If the applicant is not admitted to that program, they may submit a second application within the application period and pay the application fee again. Application procedures 1. Apply online Log in to the ECNU international Students online application website: http: /lxsapply.ecnu.edu.cn/. Please register and submit the online application, upload application documents, and pay the application fee of 800 RMB online, which is non-refundable. Applications without payment of the application fee are invalid. Each applicant may apply for only one program during a single application. lf not admitted, the applicant may reapply for another program within the application period and must pay the application fee again. * Scholarship applicants should also register and apply to the relevant scholarship website, dependingon the scholarship type. Please refer to Scholarship for more information. 2. Review Process The University will conduct a preliminary eligibility review based on admission requirements. Applicants who pass the preliminary review will be evaluated by the relevant school/department, and interviews may be arranged if necessary. Final admission decisions will be made on a comprehensive evaluation.For applicants who apply for scholarships, after receiving a pre-admission decision, must wait for the further notice of the scholarship evaluation results. 3. Admission and Enrollment Students who are officially admitted must log in to the designated website to download and print theelectronic versions of the Admission Notice and the Confrmation Form for Study in China (JW201/-JW202). The university will no longer issue paper copies. Admitted students must register on the date specifed in the admission letter and bring the original graduation certifcate. Enrollment will be canceled if reguired certifcates cannot be provided. Note: * Track Application Status Online: Check your email or log in to your ECNU application account to track your application status. Please ensure that your email address is correct and checked regularIy to avoid missing IMPORTANT INFORMATlON, such as interview arrangements etc. * For self-funded students, please pay tuition fee before July 31. Contact Information Daniel ZHANG Email: jjzhang@gec.ecnu.edu.cn Xunyi Zhou Email: xyzhou@gec.ecnu.edu.cn Tel: +86-21-62232013 +86-21-62238353 Add: Room 253, Physics Building, 3663 Zhongshan North Road, East China Normal University, Shanghai. Zip code: 200062 Official WeChat ID: ecnuoie Downloads ECNU 国际学生本科项目招生简章 Undergraduate Programs 2026.pdf Guardian's Guarantee 出入境信息承诺书（2026年入学）.docx Programs Programs Programs English-taught programs BBA Single Degree Program BBA Double Degree Program Environmental Design Visual Communication Design English-taught programs Political Science & Political Theory & International Relations Comparative Literature and World Literature Design International Business Anthropology Chinese Philosophy Mathematics Education Global Curriculum Leadership, MA Program Early Childhood Education in a Cross-Cultural Context Related reading APPLY SCHOLARSHIPS ACCOMMODATION CAMPUS LIFE Connect with East China Normal University newsletter_email Email cannot be empty Email format error Office of International Education Internation Students Office Add: Room 253, Gezhi Building, 3663 North Zhongshan Road, Shanghai, China, 200062 Tel: +86-21-62232013 +86-21-62238353 Fax: 86-21-62238352 E-mail: lxs@ecnu.edu.cn Useful Links ECNU Homepage ECNU Integrated Information Service Platform ECNU Calendar Library Shuttle Bus International Services Shangha... China Scholarship Council Exit-Entry Administration Bure... Shanghai International Travel ... Center For Language Education ... Study in Shanghai Copyright © East China Normal University Office of International Education All Rights Reserved Back to Top