ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING E-Books Pictures Videos Blogs ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING E-Books Pictures Videos Blogs ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS Undergraduate Graduate PhD Non-degree Shanghai Government Scholarship 1 Target Applicants Full-time Undergraduates The following BA Programs are not open for application: Joint Programs English-taught Programs Programs in School of International Chinese Studies 2 Eligibility Application Requirement Applicants must be non-Chinese citizens, in good health, and with good academic and personal conduct. Degree Requirement Applicants for undergraduate program must have high school diploma and be under the age of 25. Language Requirement Chinese language proficiency is required to meet the admission requirements of the major applied for. 3 Scholarship Coverage Shanghai Government Scholarship Type A: Full Scholarship Tuition exemption On-campus accommodation is provided Monthly stipend is provided (RMB 2,500/month for Undergraduate students) Comprehensive medical insurance for international students is provided (RMB 800 per person per year) Shanghai Government Scholarship Type B: Partial Scholarship Tuition exemption Comprehensive medical insurance for international students is provided (RMB 800 per person per year) 4 Application Deadline April 30th, 2026 5 Application Procedures Step 1: Apply Online 1. Submit ECNU Online Application and Pay the Application Fee Applicants should register and apply online through http://lxsapply.ecnu.edu.cn/ . Submit online application and pay application fee RMB 800 (Please note that once submitted, the application fee is non-refundable once paid regardless of the application status). Application Documents can refer to: Undergraduate Programs 2. SGS Application The University will nominate outstanding students for the Shanghai Government Scholarship. No separate application of the scholarship is required. Step 2: Review Process The University will conduct a preliminary eligibility review based on admission requirements. Applicants who pass the preliminary review will be evaluated by the relevant school/department, and interviews may be arranged if necessary. Final admission decisions will be made on a comprehensive evaluation. For applicants who apply for scholarships, after receiving a pre-admission decision, must wait for the further notice of the scholarship evaluation results. Step 3: Admission and Enrollment Students who are officially admitted must log in to the designated website to download and print the electronic versions of the Admission Notice and the Confirmation Form for Study in China (JW202). The university will no longer issue paper copies. Admitted students must register on the date specified in the admission letter and bring the original graduation certificate and diploma. Enrollment will be canceled if required certificates cannot be provided before September 1st, 2026. * Track Application Status Online: Check your email or log in to your ECNU application account to track your application status. Please ensure that your email address is correct and checked regularly to avoid missing IMPORTANT INFORMATION, such as interview arrangements etc. 6 Important Notes Applicants are responsible for fully understanding the application procedures and requirements, completing all steps as instructed, and submitting a complete and qualified application before the deadline. Applicants should regularly check the application portal and email for updates. Any consequences resulting from failure to follow the requirements or personal negligence shall be borne by the applicant. The University will not process the following applications: (1) Applications with incomplete materials or without payment of the application fee. (2) Applications thatarenotsubmittedinthe online application system(suchasmail,email,etc). During the application process, the University reserves the right to request original hard copies of application documents or certified verification documents issued by designated authorities for further review. The University reserves the right to withdraw admission or student status under any of the following circumstances: (1) The applicant's nationality is subject to the final determination of the Exit and Entry Administration of China. If an applicant is found to hold Chinese nationality during or after the admission process, the University reserves the right to cancel the application, admission, or student status. (2) Applicants must ensure that all information and materials submitted are authentic and accurate. If any falsification or misrepresentation is verified by the University or relevant authorities, admission or student status will be revoked. (3) Applicants found to have issues related to academic integrity, professional ethics, honesty, or compliance with laws and regulations will not be admitted or will have their enrollment canceled. (4) Students may not be concurrently registered at more than one institution (except for officially approved joint programs). Violation of this rule will result in the cancellation of student status. 7 Contact Information Office of International Education of ECNU Address: 2nd Floor Reception Hall, Gezhi Building(Physics Building), 3663 North Zhongshan Road, Shanghai, China Tel: +86-21-62232013 Email: lxs@ecnu.edu.cn 8 Download FOREIGNER PHYSICAL EXAMINATION FORM.pdf Connect with East China Normal University newsletter_email Email cannot be empty Email format error Office of International Education Internation Students Office Add: Room 253, Gezhi Building, 3663 North Zhongshan Road, Shanghai, China, 200062 Tel: +86-21-62232013 +86-21-62238353 Fax: 86-21-62238352 E-mail: lxs@ecnu.edu.cn Useful Links ECNU Homepage ECNU Integrated Information Service Platform ECNU Calendar Library Shuttle Bus International Services Shanghai China Scholarship Council Exit-Entry Administration Bureau of Shanghai Security Bureau Shanghai International Travel Healthcare Center Center For Language Education and Cooperation Study in Shanghai Copyright © East China Normal University Office of International Education All Rights Reserved Back to Top