ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING E-Books Pictures Videos Blogs ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING E-Books Pictures Videos Blogs ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS Undergraduate Graduate PhD Non-degree Excellent Freshmen Scholarship 1 Target Applicants Full-time Undergraduates The following BA Programs are not open for application: Joint Programs English-taught Programs 2 Eligibility Application Requirement Applicants must be non-Chinese citizens and in good health. Excellent high school performance is a must. The winner of all major competitions in China or abroad is preferred. Applicants should not enjoy any other type of scholarship or fellowship at the same time. Degree Requirement Applicants for undergraduate program must have high school diploma and be under the age of 25. Language Requirement Applicants should have obtained HSK-5 certificate with the score of 180 above. 3 Scholarship Coverage University will provide the scholarship winners living allowance of 2500RMB/month for 12 months of the first academic year. 4 Application Deadline April 30, 2026 5 Application Procedures Step 1: Apply Online 1. Submit ECNU Online Application and Pay the Application Fee Applicants should register and apply online through http://lxsapply.ecnu.edu.cn/ . Submit online application and pay application fee RMB 800 (Please note that once submitted, the application fee is non-refundable once paid regardless of the application status). Application Documents can refer to: Undergraduate Programs Step 2: Review Process The University will conduct a preliminary eligibility review based on admission requirements. Applicants who pass the preliminary review will be evaluated by the relevant school/department, and interviews may be arranged if necessary. Final admission decisions will be made on a comprehensive evaluation. For applicants who apply for scholarships, after receiving a pre-admission decision, must wait for the further notice of the scholarship evaluation results. Step 3: Admission and Enrollment Students who are officially admitted must log in to the designated website to download and print the electronic versions of the Admission Notice and the Confirmation Form for Study in China (JW202). The university will no longer issue paper copies. Admitted students must register on the date specified in the admission letter and bring the original graduation certificate and diploma. Enrollment will be canceled if required certificates cannot be provided before September 1st, 2026. * Track Application Status Online: Check your email or log in to your ECNU application account to track your application status. Please ensure that your email address is correct and checked regularly to avoid missing IMPORTANT INFORMATION, such as interview arrangements etc. 6 Contact Information Office of International Education of ECNU Address: 2nd Floor Reception Hall, Gezhi Building(Physics Building), 3663 North Zhongshan Road, Shanghai, China Tel: +86-21-62232013 Email: lxs@ecnu.edu.cn Connect with East China Normal University newsletter_email Email cannot be empty Email format error Office of International Education Internation Students Office Add: Room 253, Gezhi Building, 3663 North Zhongshan Road, Shanghai, China, 200062 Tel: +86-21-62232013 +86-21-62238353 Fax: 86-21-62238352 E-mail: lxs@ecnu.edu.cn Useful Links ECNU Homepage ECNU Integrated Information Service Platform ECNU Calendar Library Shuttle Bus International Services Shanghai China Scholarship Council Exit-Entry Administration Bureau of Shanghai Security Bureau Shanghai International Travel Healthcare Center Center For Language Education and Cooperation Study in Shanghai Copyright © East China Normal University Office of International Education All Rights Reserved Back to Top