ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING E-Books Pictures Videos Blogs ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS ABOUT ECNU About Shanghai About ECNU Contact Us ADMISSION Degree Programs Visiting Programs Chinese Language Programs Short-term Programs Exchange Programs SCHOLARSHIPS Undergraduate Graduate Non-degree CAMPUS LIFE Student Organizations Guide To ECNU Student Support Accommodation STUDENT SHARING E-Books Pictures Videos Blogs ALUMNI Alumni News Alumni Stories Alumni Picture & Videos Alumni Information Collection DOWNLOADS Undergraduate Graduate PhD Non-degree International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship 1 Target Applicants Full-time Undergraduates Period: 4 years Program: Category 1: Undergraduate Students of Teaching Chinese to Speakers of Other Languages Eligible Major: Teaching Chinese to Speakers of Other Languages Category 2: Chinese + Vocational Skills Training (Undergraduate) Eligible Majors: Chinese Language and Literature Chinese Language and Culture Business Chinese 2 Eligibility Application Requirement Applicants must be non-Chinese citizens, in good health, and with good academic and personal conduct. Applicants who are aspired to take future careers on the teaching or international promotion of Chinese language. Degree Requirement Applicants for undergraduate program must have high school diploma. Age Requirement Under 25 years old (calculated as of September 1, 2026). Language Requirement Teaching Chinese to Speakers of Other Languages(for overseas students), Chinese Language and Culture, Business Chinese: Applicants should have a minimum score of 210 on the HSK Test (Level 4) and 60 on the HSKK Test (Intermediate Level). Chinese Language and Literature: Applicants should have a minimum score of 180 on the HSK Test (Level 5) and 60 on the HSKK Test (Intermediate Level). 3 Scholarship Coverage Tuition exemption On-campus accommodation is provided Monthly stipend is provided (RMB 2,500/month for Undergraduate students) Comprehensive medical insurance for international students is provided (RMB 800 per person per year) 4 Application Deadline May 15 (programmes commencing in September) 5 Application Procedures Step 1: Apply Online 1. Submit ECNU Online Application and Pay the Application Fee Applicants should register and apply online through http://lxsapply.ecnu.edu.cn/ . Submit online application and pay application fee RMB 800 (Please note that once submitted, the application fee is non-refundable once paid regardless of the application status). Application Documents can refer to: Undergraduate Programs 2. Submit ICLTS Online Application Applicant should register and apply online through http://www.chinese.cn from March 1 to May 15 Submit online application and download the application form. Applicants for the International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship must apply through a Recommending Institution: Please visit the Center for Language Education and Cooperation website ( http://www.chinese.cn ) and check the section of Scholarship for International Chinese Language Teachers to see the list of recommending institutions and host universities. After selecting a recommending institution and submitting the online application, applicants must contact the recommending institution to complete the recommendation process. If choosing East China Normal University as the recommending institution, please select "East China Normal University" under HSK Test Centers (Non-Confucius Institutes) → Asia → China when filling out the application. ECNU recommendation letter can be found on this page below. Step 2: Review Process The University will conduct a preliminary eligibility review based on admission requirements. Applicants who pass the preliminary review will be invited to a video interview organized by the School of International Chinese Studies. Interview information will be communicated via email, so please ensure your contact information is valid. Failure to attend the interview without explanation will be considered a withdrawal of application. Admission results will be based on the preliminary review and interview performance. Scholarship results are subject to further confirmation by the Center for Language Education and Cooperation. Step 3: Admission and Enrollment Students who are officially admitted must log in to the designated website to download and print the electronic versions of the Admission Notice and the Confirmation Form for Study in China (JW202). The university will no longer issue paper copies. Admitted students must register on the date specified in the admission letter and bring the original graduation certificate and diploma. Enrollment will be canceled if required certificates cannot be provided before September 1st, 2026. * Track Application Status Online: Check your email or log in to your ECNU application account to track your application status. Please ensure that your email address is correct and checked regularly to avoid missing IMPORTANT INFORMATION, such as interview arrangements etc. 6 Application Documents 1) Application form for International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship filled in Chinese or English and generated by online application. 2) Copy of passport * Applicants under the age of 18 shall provide certified documents of designation signed by their entrusted legal guardians in China. 3) Highest diploma & Academic transcripts (original or notarized photocopy): Documents in languages other than Chinese or English must be attached with notarized translations in Chinese or English. 4) A study or research plan . All applicants are required to submit a study or research plan. It must be in Chinese or in English and no less than 800 words. 5) Recommendation letters from recommending Institution 6) Photocopy of Foreigner Physical Examination Form FOREIGNER PHYSICAL EXAMINATION FORM.pdf (The original copy should be kept by the applicant.) The medical examinations must cover all the items listed in the Foreigner Physical Examination Form. Please select the appropriate time to take medical examination as it is valid for only 6 months. 7) HSK & HSKK Certificate (the Chinese Proficiency Test, Valid for 2 years). 8) CSCA Scores 9) Non-criminal Certificate (notarized photocopy in English or Chinese) 10) Application Form for the International Chinese Language Teacher Scholarship 11) Application fee : 800 RMB (Please pay through the online registration at https://lxsapply.ecnu.edu.cn/ ) 7 Important Notes Applicants are responsible for fully understanding the application procedures and requirements, completing all steps as instructed, and submitting a complete and qualified application before the deadline. Applicants should regularly check the application portal and email for updates. Any consequences resulting from failure to follow the requirements or personal negligence shall be borne by the applicant. The University will not process the following applications: (1) Applications with incomplete materials or without payment of the application fee. (2) Applications thatarenotsubmittedinthe online application system(suchasmail,email,etc). During the application process, the University reserves the right to request original hard copies of application documents or certified verification documents issued by designated authorities for further review. The University reserves the right to withdraw admission or student status under any of the following circumstances: (1) The applicant's nationality is subject to the final determination of the Exit and Entry Administration of China. If an applicant is found to hold Chinese nationality during or after the admission process, the University reserves the right to cancel the application, admission, or student status. (2) Applicants must ensure that all information and materials submitted are authentic and accurate. If any falsification or misrepresentation is verified by the University or relevant authorities, admission or student status will be revoked. (3) Applicants found to have issues related to academic integrity, professional ethics, honesty, or compliance with laws and regulations will not be admitted or will have their enrollment canceled. (4) Students may not be concurrently registered at more than one institution (except for officially approved joint programs). Violation of this rule will result in the cancellation of student status. 8 Contact Information Office of International Education of ECNU Address: 2nd Floor Reception Hall, Gezhi Building(Physics Building), 3663 North Zhongshan Road, Shanghai, China Tel: +86-21-62232013 Email: lxs@ecnu.edu.cn 9 Download Physical Examination Report Template FOREIGNER PHYSICAL EXAMINATION FORM.pdf Recommendation Letter from ECNU 华东师范大学国际中文教师奖学金机构推荐函2026.pdf Connect with East China Normal University newsletter_email Email cannot be empty Email format error Office of International Education Internation Students Office Add: Room 253, Gezhi Building, 3663 North Zhongshan Road, Shanghai, China, 200062 Tel: +86-21-62232013 +86-21-62238353 Fax: 86-21-62238352 E-mail: lxs@ecnu.edu.cn Useful Links ECNU Homepage ECNU Integrated Information Service Platform ECNU Calendar Library Shuttle Bus International Services Shanghai China Scholarship Council Exit-Entry Administration Bureau of Shanghai Security Bureau Shanghai International Travel Healthcare Center Center For Language Education and Cooperation Study in Shanghai Copyright © East China Normal University Office of International Education All Rights Reserved Back to Top