Skip to main content Utility Menu News Get Involved Study Abroad Donate Main navigation About Leadership Staff Board of Trustees 50th Anniversary Partnerships In the Media Contact Us Areas of Practice Cultural Exchange Language Immersion Professional Development Innovation and Capacity Building Educational Development Our Programs Where We Work Field Offices Africa and the Middle East Western Hemisphere East Asia and the Pacific Europe and Eurasia South and Central Asia Study Abroad Language Programs Culture, Area Studies, and Entrepreneurship Online Programs Professional Development for Teachers Research & Assessment ARC Studies and Reports Educational Assessment Search SEARCH Main navigation About Leadership Staff Board of Trustees 50th Anniversary Partnerships In the Media Contact Us Areas of Practice Cultural Exchange Language Immersion Professional Development Innovation and Capacity Building Educational Development Our Programs Where We Work Field Offices Africa and the Middle East Western Hemisphere East Asia and the Pacific Europe and Eurasia South and Central Asia Study Abroad Research & Assessment ARC Studies and Reports Educational Assessment Search Utility Menu News Get Involved Study Abroad Donate SEARCH Breadcrumb Home South and Central Asia U.S.-CAEF - Fellowships U.S.-CAEF - Fellowships The U.S.-Central Asia Education Foundation's Enterprise Student Fellowship Program (U.S.-CAEF) is an academic scholarship program of the U.S.-Central Asia Education Foundation, which provides funding for undergraduate study in business administration and economics. Fellowships fund student enrollment at the American University of Central Asia (Bishkek) and KIMEP University (Almaty), which are leading Western-style institutions in the region. The fellowships, which are based on academic merit and financial need, are awarded to qualified students, who are citizen residents of the Central Asian countries of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. Classroom experiences are enhanced through the Enterprise Regional Internship Program, which allows students to gain valuable work experience at local companies in Central Asia following their second year, and the U.S. International Capstone Internship Program for a select group of the most promising graduating seniors in Washington, DC. Of U.S.-CAEF alumni, 91 percent are currently either employed (77 percent) or enrolled in graduate programs on full scholarships (14 percent). U.S.-CAEF alumni have created approximately 16 successful new businesses in the region, while others have taken up key positions as bank directors, financial managers, investment advisors, marketing professionals, auditors, and business consultants. The Enterprise Student Fellowship Program is an academic scholarship program of the U.S.-Central Asia Education Foundation (U.S.-CAEF) sponsored by the U.S. Department of State with funding provided by the U.S. government and administered by American Councils for International Education. Rosa Thiele Email rthiele@americancouncils.org Call 202-833-7522 Funded by U.S.-Central Asia Education Foundation U.S. Department of State Website https://uscaef.org/ Related Programs Kosovo American Education Fund (KAEF) Programs Professional Fellows Program (PFP) Programs Teachers of Critical Languages Program (TCLP) Sign up for our newsletter. Subscribe Back to Top Footer Navigation. Emergency Support Field Offices Privacy Policy Careers Contact Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Linkedin YouTube ×