Turkey, Central Asia & the Middle East King's College London Turkey, Central Asia & the Middle East Entry RequirementsStudent TestimonialsWebinars & EventsYour Community at King'sOverseas Representatives King's has a long history of welcoming around 830 students from countries such as UAE, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Kuwait, Oman, Iran, Iraq, Morocco, Qatar, Egypt, Lebanon, Kazakhstan and more each year across all levels of study. Our students contribute to a vibrant international community situated in the centre of one of the most exciting cities in the world, making King's a preferred destination for Turkish & Middle Eastern students. Entry Requirements UG Entry Requirements: King's welcomes a wide range of qualifications for Undergraduate admissions, including A-Levels and the International Baccalaureate. All applications, including transfers, are made through UCAS. Please note that specific subject requirements may apply and are noted under the Entry Requirements section of the online course page. Students undertaking national high school qualifications that are not accepted for direct Undergraduate entry can apply for the International Foundation Course. Please check the online prospectuses for pathway options, specific entry and English language requirements. Further information on applying to Undergraduate programmes at King's can be found on our how to apply webpage. PG Entry Requirements: Postgraduate applications are made through our website via our King's Apply Portal. Your academics are based on the final GPA listed on your undergraduate transcript. Each of our postgraduate programme pages identifies the specific GPA needed by programme, please visit our online course pages for guidance. Please note that specific subject requirements may apply and are noted under the Entry Requirements section of the programme page. Student Testimonials Hear what our students and alumni from Turkey and the Middle East think about studying at King's, what they enjoy most about their course, and what advice they would give prospective Turkish & Middle Eastern students who are thinking of studying at King's. Hear from Marta Find out what Marta from Dubai says about her experience while studying at King's. Webinars & Events Discover more about studying at King's, from how to apply, course information, accommodation, studying in London and much more by attending one of our events, or by watching our recorded webinars on our on-demand open day hub: Undergraduate events Postgraduate events Your Community at King's Joining a club or society is a great way to meet like-minded people and make new friends. Whilst at King's you'll have the opportunity to join hundreds of clubs and societies relevant to you and your interests, including the below: Arab Soc Kurdish Society Saudi Society Turkish Society Overseas Representatives Some applicants from overseas choose to apply to us via study abroad agencies. King's has a working relationship with a number of such reputable agencies and partners, a list of which from the region can be found below. Applications received via agencies and partners are treated in exactly the same manner as applications received directly, and there is no advantage or disadvantage either way in terms of admission. Azerbaijan StudyNet Group Bahrain Elev8 Education UKUni IDP Education Iran Elev8 Education IDP Education Jordan Elev8 Education IDP Education Kuwait UKUni Elev8 Education IDP Education Lebanon Elev8 Education IDP Education Oman Elev8 Education UKUni IDP Education Qatar Elev8 Education UKUni Saudi Arabia Elev8 Education UKUni Abroad Educational Specialist IDP Education SI-UK Turkey IDP Education ATEC British Side British Education Bureau StudyIn UAE UKUni Elev8 Education IDP Education SI-UK Ukraine StudyNet Group Russia StudyNet Group Qatar SI-UK Kazakhstan SI-UK Uzbekistan SI-UK Next Steps Register your interest Sign up for information about our courses, events, applying and more. Chat to students and staff Chat to current students and staff to find out about life at King's. Contact us Questions about studying at King's? We're here to help.