Applying to King's College London Quick find: Help and advice with applying to King's Applying through UCAS Medical Electives Post Qualification Nursing BSc courses & Free Standing Nursing courses Intercalated BScs (iBScs) Disabled applicants applying to undergraduate courses Transferring from another university King's International Foundation Programme Study abroad After you've applied Cancellation rights We're delighted that you're considering applying to King's. Once you've checked the information for your chosen course, you will need to follow the correct application procedure, depending on the type of study you're interested in. If you have already applied or wish to find out more on tracking your application status, please visit our 'after you've applied' webpage. If you have a disability, read about our considerations for disabled undergraduate applicants on our policies, guidance: disability, health & learning needs webpage. Join an Undergraduate Study at King's Online Event and learn more about applying to King's. Help and advice with applying to King's Watch our video for guidance on how to navigate the application process: "The guidance I received during the 'writing your personal statement' session helped make my application stand out which played a crucial role in securing my place at King's." Renée , Philosophy, Politics & Economics BSc Show more Applying through UCAS For all full-time undergraduate higher education courses at universities and colleges in the UK you must make an online application via the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service - more commonly known as UCAS. UCAS has three key functions Course search: allows you to search for courses throughout the UK. Remember to always check King's online course pages for the most detailed information about our courses. Apply: the UCAS online application system. You should use this to make your application(s) to King's. 'Apply' will allow you to apply to several different universities and/or courses at once. You can apply to multiple courses at the same university. Hub: a central tracking system for following the progress of your different applications. King's will also provide you with an account for our own supplementary tracking and messaging system (called King's Apply). Who should use UCAS? All applicants for full-time undergraduate courses at King's should apply through UCAS. You can apply through your school or college, or as an individual. When should I apply? You can apply to UCAS from 1 September for entry the following autumn, but remember you can start doing your research, attending open days, and preparing your personal statement earlier than this. The standard deadline for applications is 13 January 2027 18:00 (UK time), but if you are applying for Medicine or Dentistry then the deadline is 15 October 2026 18:00 (UK time). The UCAS website states a more flexible deadline for international students, however, any application received by King's after the above dates is considered late. How do I use UCAS? UCAS allows you to apply to a maximum of five courses per year, but only four of those may be Medicine/Dentistry courses. You will need to create an account in UCAS 'Apply' and complete an application form. Your application will then be forwarded by UCAS to all of the universities you have applied to for us to consider. If you have participated in a King's widening participation scheme such as K+, please ensure you note this in your application as advised by the Widening Participation team. Further information can be found on our contextualised admissions webpage. I have made a previous application to King's; can I reapply, and will having previously applied affect my new submission? While you cannot apply for the same course twice in the same cycle, you may wish to apply for a different course, or apply to the same course again next year.We assess each application individually, and having previously applied will not hinder your new application. UCAS allows you to apply to a maximum of five courses per year, but only four of those may be Medicine/Dentistry courses. Information about changing or adding more choices can be found on the UCAS website. Please note we cannot transfer information from previous submissions, and you will need to complete a new application in its entirety. Medical Electives Applications for the GKT School of Medical Education Elective Programme should be made direct to King's, through the King's Apply portal. Post Qualification Nursing BSc courses & Free Standing Nursing courses Applications for our post qualification nursing BSc courses should be made direct to King's, through the King's Apply portal. Intercalated BScs (iBScs) Intercalated BScs (iBScs) courses are for medical, dental and veterinary students. If you are from another university and you are interested in studying an iBSc at King's, then please see our detailed information on our how to apply webpage. If you are a current King's student, please refer to application information on the King's internal website (King's login credentials required). Disabled applicants applying to undergraduate courses The considerations for disabled applicants applying to undergraduate courses document aims to help disabled students by providing pointers and questions to ask to help ensure a smooth journey while studying at university. Read the document on the Advance HE website. Transferring from another university Some of our academic departments may consider transfer applications from suitably qualified students currently attending other universities. Visit the transferring to King's webpage for more information. Transfer applications must be submitted through UCAS (except for Dentistry, where applications must be made directly through the King's Apply portal). King's International Foundation Programme Applications for our one year full-time International Foundation academic preparation course should be made direct to King's, through the King's Apply portal. We have detailed guidance on the supporting documentation needed for your application on the relevant International Foundation Programme webpage. Study abroad King's welcomes students currently enrolled in universities outside the UK to participate on a study abroad course. You can study abroad at King's either as an exchange or a study abroad fee-paying student for the full academic year (starting in September) or for one semester only (September-December or January-June). Visit our study abroad webpages to find out more. After you've applied Your application can be tracked using our King's Apply online portal, where you can: see offer details check if you've been invited to interview apply for accommodation learn more about the 'points-based' visa system. After you have applied to King's, we will send you a username and password so you can access these pages. To contact us about your application year, please use our King's Apply online portal. More information on how to track your application can be found on our 'after you've applied' webpage. Cancellation rights Please note, these terms and conditions apply to all levels of study. For applications to undergraduate study, we also advise applicants to contact UCAS directly for details of your cancellation rights. 1.1 You have the right to cancel your acceptance of a place at King's for any reason (including if you change your mind) during a fourteen (14) day cancellation period (the "Cancellation Period"), which will start on the day you accept an offer from King's. 1.2 To cancel your acceptance, you must clearly inform us in writing of your decision to cancel before the Cancellation Period has expired. We ask that you do this by sending a message through King's Apply. Alternatively, you may contact the King's Admissions Office by letter or email. You may also use the Cancellation Form to notify us of your decision to cancel. 1.3 To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the Cancellation Period has expired. We do not have to have received it before the expiry of the Cancellation Period. 1.4 If you cancel your acceptance within the 14 day Cancellation Period, we will reimburse any tuition fee payment including any deposit received from you as soon as we can, and no later than 14 days after the day on which you informed us of your decision to cancel your acceptance. Entry requirements & types of study Undergraduate entry requirements Find out more about the UK entry requirements for undergraduate at King's. Undergraduate English language entry requirements Review our list of accepted English language tests. Contextualised admissions King's is committed to providing equal opportunities for applicants. Transferring to King's Learn about your options for transferring to King's College London. Course types and study options Learn about the various undergraduate study options available at King's. Visiting research and experience students Find out about visiting research or experience students at King's. Policies & guidance Undergraduate admissions policy Undergraduate admissions policy and application procedures explained. Policies and guidance: disability, health & learning needs Support for prospective students and applicants. Mitigating circumstances and the admissions process When circumstances occur, that can affect your studies and exams. Application journey Important information for applying Find out all you need to know about the application process. After you've applied: Undergraduate courses Guidance on questions you may have while waiting to hear back from King's. Information for after you receive your decision Next steps once you receive King's decision on your application. Qualification check overview Find out about submitting your academic documents. Admissions glossary Find out the meaning of terms to help you navigate the application process. Next Steps Undergraduate events Explore our courses, tour our campuses and more at one of our events. Undergraduate guide View our undergraduate prospectus to discover our courses. Register your interest Sign up for event updates, information about our courses and applying. Contact us Get in touch about studying at King's or about your offer.