Undergraduate entry requirements King's welcomes applicants to our undergraduate courses from countries all over the world. Entry requirements will vary according to the course of study, so it is important to check specific entry qualifications within our online prospectus on the individual course pages under the 'Entry requirements' section. International entry requirements can also be found in this location under 'International applicants'. If your country or qualification is not listed on the online prospectus please contact our King's Advisors for further help. Our online prospectus will have further details of selection procedures and any other requirements for entry onto your chosen course. Required and preferred subjects Some of the programmes we offer require you to have studied a subject or subjects to a certain level before commencing your undergraduate studies. These are specified in the programme entry requirements as required subjects. Preferred subjects indicate that you may be at an advantage if you are studying the subject(s); however it is not compulsory for admission. Re-sits Every undergraduate programme available to study at King's will have a list of entry requirements, which can be found on our online prospectus. If a programme includes any requirements regarding applicants that have re-sat their qualifications, this will be clearly stated under the 'Entry requirements' tab for your chosen programme of study. We strongly advise that you take some time to review our online prospectus before making an application to study at King's. For some of our very competitive courses, you should bear in mind that your application will be reviewed alongside other strong applicants, who might be viewed more favourably if they achieved the required grades within the standard study period, for example, two years for A-levels. Applicants who have recently achieved grades which are below the entry criteria, and have subsequently studied/are studying another eligible qualification to seek entry, such as an Access to HE Diploma or a UK Foundation programme, may also be considered as a resit applicant. Mixed qualifications We understand that some applicants may offer a combination of level 3 qualifications taken at the same time and we can consider certain combinations for entry onto our undergraduate programmes. For example, we can consider combinations of two A-levels and one Pre-U Principal Subject or one A-level and two Pre-U Principal Subjects. Our A-level BTEC combinations can be found on the individual course pages. Combinations of different level 3 qualifications are considered on a case-by-case basis and we do not count qualifications taken in the same subject as two separate qualifications at level 3. Aptitude tests All the courses below require students to take an aptitude test in addition to meeting other entry requirements. This provides us with additional information about an applicant's abilities and potential. These tests are compulsory so it is important that you check the course page for further details of how these test results are used in selection, and to ensure that you make arrangements for taking the test in good time (where applicable). Aptitude tests Course Aptitude test Deadline for taking test Law (M100, M121, M122, M123, M190) Politics, Philosophy & Law (LM21) LNAT By 31 December in the admissions cycle the application is submitted. Dentistry (A205, A206, A202) Medicine (A100, A101, A102) UCAT Before applying Dental Therapy & Hygiene (A900) Casper See the course page for the test dates A few things to note: You must take the exact test specified: for example, for Medicine we require the UCAT, and we will not accept the BMAT. If you usually require special arrangements for assessments (for example, extra time or a particular test environment) due to a learning difference or disability, make sure that you inform the test provider in good time. Some test providers will charge a fee for taking this test. However, usually the provider will be able to waive fees or provide a discount/bursary for applicants in financial need: exact arrangements may vary so please do check with the test provider. Unfortunately, we are unable to consider Mitigating Circumstances for issues affecting a UCAT or LNAT test. UCAS tariff points UCAS tariff points are not used when assessing applications to our undergraduate programmes. Instead, entry requirements are expressed in terms of qualifications and/or grade requirements. For further information on a particular programme, please visit our course pages. English language requirements To study at King's, it is essential that you can communicate in English effectively in an academic environment. You are usually required to provide certification of your competence in English before starting your studies. This can be in the form of an English Language test or when studied as part of an acceptable qualification. Find out more on our English language requirements webpage. A-levels & AS-levels How many subjects? Our conditional offers are based on three A-level subjects. If you are studying four or more A-level subjects, we will take the highest three grades into consideration for assessment. High achievement in additional A-level subjects may compensate for an applicant who narrowly fails to achieve the A-level offer. Grades and predictions If you have achieved your A-level grades already please declare these on your application. If you are taking your A-levels in the year you are applying, we would expect predicted grades to be provided for these by your referee. For the majority of our undergraduate programmes, we do not consider AS-levels and applicants are required to complete A-levels in full. Early sittings Please note that whilst King's encourages students to stretch themselves academically, students who are entered early for their examinations should have the potential to achieve the same grade as might be expected if they were entered in the standard year. Therefore, if you gain an A-level B in Year 11, this will not be considered as competitive as a student who achieved a grade A in year 12. Exceptions A-levels in General Studies, Critical Thinking, Thinking Skills and Global Perspectives are not accepted by King's as one of your A-levels. Practical endorsement King's believes that practical skills are a vital part of a Science education. Where an applicant is studying linear A-levels in England, a pass in the practical endorsement is required in all science subjects. This is with the exception of private candidates who are unable to take the practical component. Native language A-level All modern foreign language A-levels can be used for entry regardless of an applicant's native language. Any subject requirements for the programme must also be met. Access to HE Diploma King's welcomes applicants with the UK Access to HE Diploma, and will usually specify a certain number of Level 3 credits required at Distinction and Merit level. Where our entry requirements specify compulsory or preferred subjects, you may be asked for additional information on the subject content of your Diploma. Please check the online programme pages carefully for subject specific requirements. However, where accepted, as a general guide: A-level requirements Equivalent Access to HE Diploma requirements A*A*A 45 Level 3 credits: 42 must be from units awarded at Distinction, with 3 level 3 credits at Merit A*AA 45 Level 3 credits: 39 must be from units awarded at Distinction, with 6 level 3 credits at Merit AAA 45 Level 3 credits: 36 must be from units awarded at Distinction, with 9 level 3 credits at Merit AAB 45 Level 3 credits: 33 must be from units awarded at Distinction, with 12 level 3 credits at Merit ABB 45 Level 3 credits: 30 must be from units awarded at Distinction, with 15 level 3 credits at Merit BBB 45 Level 3 credits: 30 credits must be from units awarded at Distinction, 12 from units awarded at Merit, and 3 from units awarded at Pass Thinking of taking an Access to HE Diploma? Please check our course pages carefully to check acceptability for your preferred programme of study at King's. You can find a list of accredited Access to HE courses in your area on the Access to HE Diploma website. Predicted grades We recognise that many referees may not feel in a position to accurately predict Access to HE results early in the application cycle. However, to ensure a fair assessment is applied to all applicants, we do require predicted grades and, therefore, where a referee is unable to provide predicted grades at the point of application, the Admissions team will contact you via King's Apply to request predicted grades, and will be unable to progress your application further without them. A final deadline will be set for the predicted grades to be provided. Advanced Placement, ACT and SATs Applicants with US high school qualifications can meet our entry requirements through a combination of APs, Honors or Dual Enrolment Classes*, SATs and ACTs listed below. For Route 1 combinations only, we can also consider IB Higher Levels or A-levels in lieu of APs, however, we would not double count a subject taken as both an AP and an A-level or IB HL.*Please note we will only consider Honors or Dual Enrolment Classes within Route 1 and for US-domiciled applicants only, if the school does not offer APs. Honors Classes must be taken for one year at grade 12 level, and Dual Enrolment (College) Classes must be taken for one semester of at least 3 credits. We can also consider independent school curriculums and equivalent AP / Honors classes on a case-by-case basis when taken at grade 12 level. Examples of accepted Route 1 combinations: Three APs and the ACT Two APs, an Honors Class and the ACT One AP, two Honors Classes and the SAT One A-level, two APs and the SAT Three IB Higher Levels and the ACT or SAT For some highly-competitive courses, where applicants are applying with just APs (Route 2), those who are studying/have studied more than the minimum required five will be considered more competitive. We no longer consider SAT subject tests and we do not consider ACT or SAT super scores. For applicants who do not meet any of our accepted combinations of qualifications but otherwise have completed the US High School Diploma, please consider applying to our International Foundation Programme instead. Requirement: You must take one option from column(i) (ii) (iii) and (iv) of Route 1. Alternatively, take Route 2. ROUTE 1: COMBINATIONSJust APs Column (i)Column (ii)Column (iii)Column (iv) A*A*A*AP at 5AP at 5AP at 5ACT at 3155555 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at A+Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A+Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A+1440 in the SAT with a minimum of 620 in Maths and 650 in Reading and Writing A*A*AAP at 5AP at 5AP at 5ACT at 3055555 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at A+Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A+Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-1410 in the SAT with a minimum of 620 in Maths and 650 in Reading and Writing A*AAAP at 5AP at 5AP at 5Act at 2955554 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at A+Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-1380 in the SAT with a minimum of 620 in Maths and 650 in Reading and Writing AAAAP at 5AP at 5AP at 5ACT at 2855544 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-1380 in the SAT with a minimum of 600 in Maths and 640 in Reading and Writing AABAP at 5AP at 5AP at 4ACT at 2855444 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-1350 in the SAT with a minimum of 600 in Maths and 640 in Reading and Writing ABBAP at 5AP at 4AP at 4ACT at 2754444 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at A/A-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-1320 in the SAT with a minimum of 600 in Maths and 640 in Reading and Writing BBBAP at 4AP at 4AP at 4ACT at 2644444 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-1300 in the SAT with a minimum of 600 in Maths and 620 in Reading and Writing BBCAP at 4AP at 4AP at 3ACT at 2544443 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at C+/C/C-1270 in the SAT BCCAP at 4AP at 3AP at 3ACT at 2444433 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at B+/B/B-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at C+/C/C-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at C+/C/C-1250 in the SAT CCCAP at 3AP at 3AP at 3ACT at 2344333 in five APsHonors or Dual Enrolment Class at C+/C/C-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at C+/C/C-Honors or Dual Enrolment Class at C+/C/C-1230 in the SAT Subject requirements Where our course pages asks for a specific subject grade at A-level, we would require the following: A* Achieve 5 in the required AP subject test A Achieve 5 in the required AP subject test B Achieve 4 in the required AP subject test AP Calculus AB and AP Calculus BC can be considered as individual APs. However, for courses with a Mathematics subject requirement, applicants will need to complete AP Calculus BC to meet the subject requirement. For courses with a Physics subject requirement, applicants will need to complete either AP Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism or AP Physics C: Mechanics. AP Microeconomics and AP Macroeconomics can be considered as individual APs. AP European History, AP US History and AP World History can be considered as individual APs. AP Research and AP Seminar are not accepted. We do not consider AP classes towards meeting our entry requirements and applicants must have taken, or be taking, AP exams. We do not allow Honors Classes to meet subject requirements but we consider Dual Enrolment (College) Classes on a case-by-case basis. Alternative academic qualifications We accept Level 3 Cambridge Advanced Nationals Extended Certificate and Level 3 BTEC Nationals Extended Certificate as part of a mixed study programme with A-levels for entry onto most of our undergraduate programmes. We do not accept AAQs for entry onto our Medicine or Dentistry programmes (excluding Dental Therapy & Hygiene). AAQs must be taken alongside 2 A-levels and any subject requirements must be met through the A-level. We do not accept Certificates (150-180 GLH). For specific entry requirements for our programmes please see our online prospectus. AQA Baccalaureate The AQA Baccalaureate has the potential to develop many skills which may prove beneficial when studying at King's. The AQA Baccalaureate will not however be considered in place of the standard A-level requirements. AQA Level 3 Extended Certificate Most of our undergraduate courses will consider the AQA Level 3 Extended Certificate in Science and AQA Level 3 Extended Certificate in Business, with the exception of Medicine and Dentistry. These qualifications must be taken in conjunction with two A-levels and Distinctions are usually required. Where our entry requirements specify compulsory or preferred subjects, applicants will be expected to meet this with their A-level qualification. Please note we do not accept the AQA Level 3 Certificate for entry onto our undergraduate courses. BTEC/Cambridge Technicals at Level 3 Most of our undergraduate courses will consider the below Pearson BTECs and Cambridge OCR Technicals (CTEC) qualifications, with the exception of Medicine and Dentistry. Most programmes will require a BTEC or CTEC qualification to be accompanied by one or two A-levels, and Distinctions are usually required. Where our entry requirements specify compulsory subjects, applicants will be expected to meet this with their A-level qualification. Please check our online prospectus for the specific requirements for the course you are interested in. If an application is received for a programme where the entry requirements state that A-levels are required alongside the BTEC/CTEC but no A-levels are declared on the application, the application will be made unsuccessful. Therefore, to avoid using one of your five UCAS choices on an application that will be automatically rejected, please check the entry requirements before applying to ensure you are completing the required combination of qualifications for that programme. Please note: We accept both BTEC Nationals and BTEC Internationals with the same entry requirements. For applicants completing AAQs (Level 3 Cambridge Advanced Nationals or BTEC Nationals post-2025) please see the relevant guidance under that heading. 180 credits 120 credits 90 credits 60 credits BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma (QCF) BTEC Level 3 Diploma (QCF) BTEC Level 3 90-Credit Diploma (QCF) BTEC Level 3 Subsidiary Diploma (QCF) BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma (RQF) BTEC Level 3 National Diploma (RQF) BTEC Level 3 National Foundation Diploma (RQF) BTEC National Extended Certificate (RQF) CTEC Extended Diploma CTEC Diploma CTEC Subsidiary Diploma CTEC Introductory Diploma CTEC Foundation Diploma CTEC Extended certificate Cambridge Pre-U King's welcomes applications from students who achieved Pre-U qualifications up until their discontinuation. Each course will require a specific level of achievement in the three Principal subjects. We recognise that some students might offer a mixed portfolio of Pre-U and A-level qualifications and are experienced in assessing such applications. As a guide: Pre-U equivalencies A-level requirements Equivalent Cambridge Pre-U requirements A*A*A D2 D2 D3 in three Pre-U Principal subjects A*AA D2 D3 D3 in three Pre-U Principal subjects AAA D3 D3 D3 in three Pre-U Principal subjects AAB D3 D3 M2 in three Pre-U Principal subjects ABB D3 M2 M2 in three Pre-U Principal subjects BBB M2 M2 M2 in three pre-U Principal subjects Exceptions Pre-U Global Perspectives is not accepted by King's as one of your Pre-U Principal subjects. However, the grade may be taken into account if a candidate falls just short of the conditions of their offer. Core Maths We recognise that Core Maths qualifications have the potential to develop a level of mathematical skill that would be beneficial for studying many of our undergraduate courses, and we will accept Core Maths in lieu of any required maths grade at GCSE, using the below equivalencies. However, where maths is a required subject at A level, we would not consider Core Maths to be a suitable alternative for meeting this requirement. King's has agreed the following grade equivalencies: GCSE (A*- G) Core Maths A*/8 A A/7 B B/6 C C/5 C European Baccalaureate The European Baccalaureate is accepted for undergraduate entry at King's. Programme specific entry requirements can be found on the online prospectus page for the programme by selecting 'Europe' on the International qualifications dropdown. An overview of the entry requirements can also be found below. A-level requirements Equivalent European Baccalaureate requirements A*A*A*Award of European Baccalaureate with 92.5% overallA*A*AAward of European Baccalaureate with 90% overallA*AAAward of European Baccalaureate with 87.5% overallAAAAward of European Baccalaureate with 85% overallAABAward of European Baccalaureate with 80% overallABBAward of European Baccalaureate with 77% overallBBBAward of European Baccalaureate with 75% overallBBCAward of European Baccalaureate with 72.5% overallBCCAward of European Baccalaureate with 70% overallCCCAward of European Baccalaureate with 67.5% overall Where our online prospectus asks for a specific subject grade at A-level, we would require the following: A*Achieve grade 9 in the subjectAAchieve grade 8.5 in the subjectBAchieve grade 8 in the subject Extended Project The Extended Project Qualification (EPQ) has the potential to develop many skills which may prove beneficial when studying at King's. The EPQ will not however be considered in place of standard A-level (or equivalent) requirements. Foundation Year Programmes Applicants studying Foundation Year Programmes in the UK are welcome to apply for this course. Foundation programmes from other universities and further education providers in the UK are considered on a case-by-case basis. Whether or not we can consider a particular foundation year as suitable for study at King's depends on the content of the syllabus and modules studied. In the past we have accepted foundation courses from a number of other institutions. We are unable to accept: Foundation programmes that are integrated as part of a main degree at another institution, such as Year 0 or Integrated Foundations Non-UK Foundation courses Kaplan Foundation programmes for undergraduate entry. INTO/NCUK foundation programmes must have been studied within the UK in order to be eligible for undergraduate entry. Once you have submitted an application, the Admissions Office may contact you via King's Apply to ask for further details on your qualification, such as a list of modules and course specifications. The King's International Foundation Programme has guaranteed pathways available for progression onto our King's undergraduate degree courses, and information can be found on the website. Functional skills Where we specify a requirement for GCSE grade 4 in English or Maths in our Nursing and Midwifery pre-registration courses, we are able to accept a 'Pass' in Functional Skills Level 2 in English or Maths as meeting the GCSE requirement. However, where we specify a requirement for GCSE grades 5, B/6 or A/7, Functional Skills would not be accepted in place of the GCSE. GCSE GCSE requirements Some programmes require students to have achieved a certain standard(s) at GCSE (or equivalent below) in addition to higher qualifications (such as A-levels). For example, students applying for a degree leading to registration as a nurse or midwife must have achieved five GCSEs at grade C or above, including English Language, Mathematics and Science. GCSEs taken earlier than Year 11 Please note that whilst King's encourages students to stretch themselves academically, students who are entered early for their public examinations should have the potential to achieve the same grade as might be expected if they were entered in the standard year. This means that a student who gains a GCSE Grade B in Year 10 will be considered to have Grade B and will not be considered favourably when compared to students who achieved Grade A in the standard year of examination. Note: If GCSE is your highest qualification, you will need to undertake further study before you are eligible to apply for a course at King's. GCSEs (9 to 1) - England Since summer 2017, student's GCSE English and GCSE Maths exam results are graded from 9-1 instead of A*-G. From summer 2019, all GCSE subjects are graded this way. King's has agreed the following grade equivalencies: GCSE (9 to 1) GCSE (A*- G) GCSE (9 to 1) A* 8 and above A 7 B 6 C 5 GCSEs (A* - C* - G) - Northern Ireland Since summer 2019, all GCSE subjects in Northern Ireland from CCEA are graded on a new nine-letter grading scale from A*-G. This grading scale will introduce the new C* grade. King's has agreed the following grade equivalencies: GCSEs Northern Ireland GCSE (9 to 1) GCSE (A* - C* - G) 9 A* 8 A 7 A 6 B 5 C* 4 C International A-levels International A-levels from Cambridge International Examinations, Oxford International AQA Examinations and Pearson Edexcel are accepted as equivalent to GCE A-levels on a grade-per-grade basis. Other providers are not currently accepted. International Baccalaureate (IB) King's welcomes students from the UK and across the globe studying the IB Diploma. Our offers will usually specify certain marks in three subjects at Higher Level, in addition to an overall point score for the whole Diploma. Our point score includes points for Theory of Knowledge (TOK) and the Extended Essay (EE). As a guide: A-level requirements Equivalent IB requirements A*A*A* 40 points overall or an aggregate score of 21 from three Higher Levels A*A*A 39 points overall or an aggregate score of 20 from three Higher Levels A*AA 38 points overall or an aggregate score of 19 from three Higher Levels AAA 36 points overall or an aggregate score of 18 from three Higher Levels AAB 35 points overall or an aggregate score of 17 from three Higher Levels ABB 33 points overall or an aggregate score of 16 from three Higher Levels BBB 32 points overall or an aggregate score of 15 from three Higher Levels BBC 31 points overall or an aggregate score of 14 from three Higher Levels BCC 30 points overall or an aggregate score of 13 from three Higher Levels CCC 29 points overall or an aggregate score of 12 from three Higher Levels IB Maths requirements Students studying the IB Diploma can choose either the Analysis & Approaches or Applications & Interpretation pathway for Mathematics. Where Mathematics is required at Higher Level, King's would ask applicants to study: HL Analysis and Approaches for the following programmes: All programmes within the Faculty of Natural, Mathematical, and Engineering Sciences (such as Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Engineering, Computer Science). All other Engineering programmes (such as Biomedical Engineering). Either pathway accepted at higher level for: All other programmes (such as Economics, Pharmacy, Physiotherapy, Psychology). Please check individual course webpages for specific Maths requirements. If Maths is a listed as a preferred subject, either pathway would be adequate preparation for the course. When Maths is required at GCSE level, IB applicants can use either pathway at Standard or Higher Level or the Maths component of their IB Middle Years Programme to meet this requirements. Meeting GCSE requirements through the IB Middle Years Programme If a student has taken the IB Middle Years Programme and wishes to use this qualification to meet GCSE requirements for a programme, we use the following equivalencies. Please consult the online prospectus to check which programmes have GCSE requirements. GCSEIB Middle Years Programme7/A66/B55/C44/C4 International Baccalaureate Career-related Programme (IBCP) King's welcomes students from the UK and across the globe studying the IB Career-related Programme (IBCP). Due to the flexible structure of the IBCP, each combination will be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Most of our courses will consider the IB HL courses taken as part of the IBCP in combination with A-levels, APs, or Level 3 BTEC diplomas. For example, for any of our courses which would accept a BTEC Diploma at DM with one A-level at A, we would consider a BTEC Diploma at DM with one IB Higher Level course at 6. Please check our course pages for course-specific requirements for BTEC qualifications. Where our entry requirements specify compulsory or preferred subjects, we will usually be looking for this to have been met via IB Higher Levels, A-levels, or APs. Scottish Highers, Advanced Highers & Curriculum for Excellence King's welcomes applications from students studying Scottish Highers and Advanced Highers. Our offers normally require applicants to take two Advanced Highers in addition to three Highers. Comparable typical offer requirements: A-level requirements Equivalent Higher and Advanced Higher requirements A*A*A AAA at Higher in one sitting and AA at Advanced Higher (we do not count the Higher and Advanced Higher in the same subject) A*AA AAB at Higher in one sitting and AA at Advanced Higher (we do not count the Higher and Advanced Higher in the same subject) AAA ABB at Higher in one sitting and AA at Advanced Higher (we do not count the Higher and Advanced Higher in the same subject) AAB ABB at Higher in one sitting and AB at Advanced Higher (we do not count the Higher and Advanced Higher in the same subject) BBB BBB at Higher in one sitting and AB at Advanced Higher (we do not count the Higher and Advanced Higher in the same subject) Required and preferred subjects Some of the programmes we offer require you to have studied a subject or subjects to a certain level before commencing your undergraduate studies. Any required subjects must be met at Advanced Higher level. Where our online prospectus asks for a specific subject grade at A-level, we are likely to require A in the Advanced Higher subject for an A*, A in the Advanced Higher subject for an A and B in the Advanced Higher subject for a B (see our course pages for details of any compulsory/preferred subjects). Where our online prospectus states 'Preferred subjects', this indicates that you may be at an advantage if you are studying the subject(s); however they are not compulsory for admission. 'Double counting' King's does not count the Higher and Advanced Higher in the same subject. As an example, this means that an applicant offering Mathematics as a Higher level subject could not also use Advanced Higher level Mathematics to meet the typical offer requirements. T levels T Levels have the potential to develop many skills which may prove beneficial when studying at King's. T Levels will not however be considered in place of the standard A-level requirements, with the exception of Nursing and Midwifery courses: For Nursing with Registration as a Children's Nurse BSc, we will accept the T Level in Health with grades of Distinction overall and B in the Core component. For Midwifery with Registration as a Midwife BSc, we will accept the T Level in Health with grades of Distinction overall and B in the Core component. For Nursing with Registration as an Adult Nurse BSc, we will accept the T Level in Health with grades of Merit overall and B in the Core Component. For Nursing with Registration as a Mental Health Nurse BSc, we will accept the T Level in Health with grades of Merit overall and B in the Core Component. Please refer to the course page for further information on the contextual T Level entry requirements for our Nursing and Midwifery courses. Welsh Baccalaureate King's would normally expect applicants taking the Advanced Skills Baccalaureate Wales to have studied three subjects to A-level as part of their qualification, and would make an offer based on these A-level grades. However, where a school or college is unable to offer students a third A-level alongside the Welsh Baccalaureate, King's would consider making an offer based on the Advanced Skills Baccalaureate Wales alongside two A-levels. In these cases, a statement must be included in the first few lines of the UCAS reference to inform us of the school's policy in this regard. WJEC Level 3 Applied Diploma Most of our undergraduate courses will consider WJEC Level 3 Applied Diplomas, with the exception of Medicine and Dentistry. These qualifications must be taken in conjunction with two A-levels and Distinctions are usually required. Where our entry requirements specify compulsory or preferred subjects, applicants will be expected to meet this with their A-level qualification. Please note we do not accept the WJEC Level 3 Applied Certificate for entry onto our undergraduate courses. UAL Foundation Diploma/Extended Diploma/Diploma The UAL Foundation Diploma, Extended Diploma, and Diploma have the potential to develop many skills, however, these qualifications will not be considered in place of the standard A-level requirements.