Undergraduate English language entry requirements To study at King's, it is essential that you can communicate effectively in English and are able to do so in an academic environment. You are usually required to provide certification of your competence in English before starting your studies. English language tests The list of acceptable English Language tests listed below is correct as of September 2026 and apply for entry in the 2027/28 academic year for the King's courses specified below. Please note that these may be subject to change each admissions cycle and some tests listed below may not be accepted for future entry. If a test you have completed is not listed below, unfortunately we are unable to accept it as meeting our English language requirements. Level of English language The level of English language you are required to demonstrate is dependent on the course you have applied for. The bands below show the level of English language competence required for undergraduate courses, and the English language tests accepted. If you have taken an IELTS Academic test, you can use our Pre-sessional English calculator to check if your scores meet the requirements of your course, or to calculate which Pre-sessional English course you may need to consider. Offer holder information If you currently hold an offer from King's that is conditional on taking an English language test and you have questions, or need to submit your test results, please contact your Admissions team through your King's Apply account. Sending in your results All English Language test results or accepted qualifications must be sent via King's Apply before the deadline in your offer. Please send a message with a scanned copy of your test report or certificate attached. If you have taken IELTS or TOEFL, ensure your test report number has been added to your UCAS application. We cannot accept any results submitted via post. Nationality Nationals of the following countries, who have successfully completed a high school level 3 qualification (A-level equivalent) in a majority English speaking country are not required to complete an additional English language test.* The qualification studied must follow the education system of a majority English speaking country. Antigua & Barbuda Australia Barbados Belize British Overseas Territories Canada Dominica Grenada Guyana Ireland Jamaica Malta New Zealand St Kitts & Nevis St Lucia St Vincent & the Grenadines The Bahamas Trinidad & Tobago U.K. U.S.A. * This is with the exception of King's Foundations. Please see King's Foundations section for full details on acceptable qualifications. Band A Which courses? Dentistry Entry Programme for Medical Graduates BDS Please read all of the below information carefully as there are a wide range of English language tests we can accept to meet our English language requirements. If a test you have completed is not listed below, unfortunately we are unable to accept it as meeting our English language requirements. If you require a student visa to study in the UK, we are able to accept any of the tests/qualifications from sections 1 to 4. If you do not require a student visa to study in the UK, we are able to accept any of the tests/qualifications from sections 1 to 5. Section 1 - English language proficiency tests The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within two years of the start date of your chosen course. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences, i.e. if your course starts in September 2027, the test must be dated within two years of 1st September 2027. All elements of the test results must be demonstrated in one test. We cannot take a combination of your scores across two tests. We cannot take TOEFL MyBest scores or IELTS One Skill scores. Cambridge Advanced Certificate (CAE) / Cambridge C1 Advanced 191 overall with a minimum 185 in each skill Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE) / Cambridge C2 Proficiency 191 overall with a minimum 185 in each skill IELTS (Academic) 7.5 overall with a minimum of 7.0 in each skill IELTS (Online) 7.5 overall with a minimum of 7.0 in each skill Oxford Test of English Advanced 150 overall with 140 in each component Occupational English Test (OET) B grade in Listening, Reading, Writing and Speaking Pearson Test of English (Academic) We also accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) for UKVI. We do not accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) Online 75 overall with a minimum of 69 in each communicative skill TOEFL iBT or TOEFL iBT Home Edition Institution code: 0394 Tests taken before 21 January 2026: 109 overall with a minimum of 27 in writing and 25 in each of the other skills Tests taken from 21 January 2026:5.5 overall with a minimum of 5 in each skill Trinity College London Integrated Skills in English (ISE) Level III (ISEIII) with distinction in each skill Section 2 - King's Foundations King's Foundations offers courses to help students reach the language and skills level required for entry onto our undergraduate courses. King's International Foundation Pass programme with A in English module Apply to the International Foundation King's Pre-Sessional English Language Programme Pass with Band 7.5 Apply to King's Pre-Sessional English Language courses Section 3 - A-level, AS-level, International Baccalaureate and GCSE/IGCSE Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen courses of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your courses commences i.e. if your programme starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. Please note: all IGCSE English qualifications requiring Speaking and/or Listening must have this separately endorsed on their Candidate Statement of Results and/or certificate. Evidence must be provided with your application - please send a scan of your IGCSE certificate and Statement of Results via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. We accept all GCSE English Language specifications that are currently available in the UK, whether they are taken in the UK or abroad. GCE A-level / AS-level English Language or English Language & Literature Grade C International Baccalaureate Diploma English A(English Language/Literature/Language & Literature) Higher Level 4 Standard Level 5 International Baccalaureate Diploma English B(English Language) Higher Level 5 Standard Level 7 GCSE English Language Grade B or 6 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0522) Grade B IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0500) Grade B plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0990) Grade 6 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0511) Grade A IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0510) Grade A plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0991) Grade 7 IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0993) Grade 7 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Language A Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EA1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at merit IGCSE English Language B Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EB1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at Merit IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4ES1) Grade 7 including spoke endorsement IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4XES2 Post-2025) Grade 7 including 7 in Speaking (Unit 4) Oxford AQA IGCSE English Language (Specification 9270) Grade 6 including Speaking and Listening endorsed at Merit Oxford AQA IGCSE English as a Second Language (Specification 9280) Grade 7 Section 4 - International school level English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. Austria Reifeprüfungszeugnis Pass English at 2 (gut) in both written and oral Denmark Studentereksamen (STX) / Højere Forberedelseseksamen (HF) / Højere Teknisk Eksamen (HTX) / Højere Handelseksamen (HHX) Pass English (A or B) at grade 7 European Baccalaureate Pass English L1 at 70%; English L2 at 80% France Baccalauréat Pass English at 13 where English is the first foreign language (LV1/LVA) France Option Internationale du Baccalauréat or Baccalauréat Français Internationale (British English or American English) Pass Language and Literature (English) in American, Australian or British Streams at 12 German Abitur Pass English at 12 (Gut) when taken as a Hauptfach / Leistungskurs / Kurs mit erhöhtem Anforderungsniveau Applicants completing the Abitur in Baden-Württemberg or Bavaria will need to pass English at 12 in their final year. Iceland Stúdentspróf (bóknámsbraut) Pass English at 9 (when taken as a compulsory language) Mauritius O levels taken with Cambridge International Exams (Specification 1125/1126) Pass at grade B Netherlands Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) Pass English at 8 (goed) Norway Vitnemål for Videregående Opplæring Pass English at 4 when taken as a Common Core Subject Singapore O-Level (SINO) taken with CIE English Language Pass at grade B4 Singapore Integrated Programme (section 4) English Language Pass at grade B Sweden Högskoleförberedande Examen Pass English at grade C (minimum of 150 credits) If you do not require a Student visa to study in the UK, we are additionally able to accept any of the qualifications from section 5. Section 5 - European English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study for applicants who do not require a student visa. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. If you require a student visa to study in the UK and are completing one of the following qualifications, you will have to obtain an additional English language test/qualification from those listed in sections 1 to 4. Belgium Diploma van Secundair Onderwijs / Certificate d'Enseignement Secondaire Superieur Pass English at 80% / 16 out of 20 / grote onderscheiding /avec grande distinction Finland Ylioppilastutkintotodistus Pass English at 5 (M) magna cum laude approbatur Luxembourg Diplôme de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires Pass English at 45 (bien) Switzerland Certificat de Maturité / Maturitätszeugnis / Attestato di Maturità Pass English with 5 (bien/gut/bene) Band B Which courses? This band applies to the following faculties: Faculty of Arts & Humanities Faculty of Social Science & Public Policy Florence Nightingale Faculty of Nursing, Midwifery & Palliative Care (excluding Nursing Studies for qualified healthcare professionals BSc) Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience King's Business School Medicine/Dentistry (excluding Dental Therapy & Hygiene BSc and Dentistry Entry Programme for Medical Graduates BDS) Study Abroad (Incoming) The Dickson Poon School of Law The following courses: Electronic Engineering BEng/MEng General Engineering BEng/MEng Nutritional Sciences BSc Physiotherapy BSc Pharmacy MPharm Quantitative Mathematics BSc Please read all of the below information carefully as there are a wide range of English language tests we can accept to meet our English language requirements. If a test you have completed is not listed below, unfortunately we are unable to accept it as meeting our English language requirements. If you require a student visa to study in the UK, we are able to accept any of the tests/qualifications from sections 1 to 4. If you do not require a student visa to study in the UK, we are able to accept any of the tests/qualifications from sections 1 to 5. Section 1 - English language proficiency tests The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within two years of the start date of your chosen course. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences, i.e. if your course starts in September 2027, the test must be dated within two years of 1st September 2027. All elements of the test results must be demonstrated in one test. We cannot take a combination of your scores across two tests. We cannot take TOEFL MyBest scores or IELTS One Skill scores. Cambridge Advanced Certificate (CAE) / Cambridge C1 Advanced 185 overall with a minimum of 176 in each skill Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE) / Cambridge C2 Proficiency 185 overall with a minimum of 176 in each skill IELTS (Academic) 7.0 overall with a minimum of 6.5 in each skill IELTS (Online) 7.0 overall with a minimum of 6.5 in each skill Oxford Test of English Advanced 150 overall with 140 in each component Pearson Test of English (Academic) We also accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) for UKVI. We do not accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) Online 69 overall with a minimum of 62 in each communicative skill TOEFL iBT or TOEFL iBT Home Edition Institution code:0394 Tests taken before 21 January 2026:100 overall with a minimum of 25 in writing and 23 in each of the other skills Tests taken from 21 January 2026:5 overall with a minimum of 4.5 in each skill Trinity College London Integrated Skills in English (ISE) Level III (ISEIII) with merit in each skill Section 2 - King's Foundations King's Foundations offers courses to help students reach the language and skills level required for entry onto our undergraduate courses. King's International Foundation Pass programme with B+ in English module* *Applicants to Dentistry, Medicine and Law require grade A to meet the English requirement. Apply to the International Foundation King's Pre-Sessional English Language Programme Pass with Band 7 Apply to King's Pre-Sessional English Language courses Section 3 - A-level, AS-level, International Baccalaureate and GCSE/IGCSE Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. Please note: all IGCSE English qualifications requiring Speaking and/or Listening must have this separately endorsed on their Candidate Statement of Results and/or certificate. Evidence must be provided with your application - please send a scan of your IGCSE certificate and Statement of Results via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. We accept all GCSE English Language specifications that are currently available in the UK, whether they are taken in the UK or abroad. GCE A-level / AS-level English Language or English Language & Literature Grade C International Baccalaureate Diploma English A (English Language/Literature/Language & Literature) Higher Level 4 Standard Level 5 International Baccalaureate Diploma English B (English Language) Higher Level 5 Standard Level 7 GCSE English Language Grade B or 6 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0522) Grade B IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0500) Grade B plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0990) Grade 6 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0511) Grade A IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0510) Grade A plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0991) Grade 7 IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0993) Grade 7 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Language A Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EA1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at merit IGCSE English Language B Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EB1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at Merit IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4ES1) Grade 7 including 7 in the spoken endorsement IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4XES2 Post-2025) Grade 7 including 7 in speaking (Unit 4) Oxford AQA IGCSE English Language (Specification 9270) Grade 6 including Spoken Language endorsed at Merit Oxford AQA IGCSE English as a Second Language (Specification 9280) Grade 7 Section 4 - International school level English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. Austria Reifeprüfungszeugnis Pass English at 2 (gut) in both written and oral Brunei O level taken with Cambridge International Exams (Specification 1120) Pass at grade B Denmark Studentereksamen (STX) / Højere Forberedelseseksamen (HF) / Højere Teknisk Eksamen (HTX) / Højere Handelseksamen (HHX) Pass English (A or B) at grade 7 European Baccalaureate Pass English L1 at 70%; English L2 at 80% France Baccalauréat Pass English at 13 where English is the first foreign language (LV1/LVA) France Option Internationale du Baccalauréat or Baccalauréat Français Internationale (British English or American English) Pass Language and Literature (English) in American, Australian or British Streams at 12 German Abitur Pass English at 12 (Gut) when taken as a Hauptfach / Leistungskurs / Kurs mit erhöhtem Anforderungsniveau Applicants completing the Abitur in Baden-Württemberg or Bavaria will need to pass English at 12 in their final year. Iceland Stúdentspróf (bóknámsbraut) Pass English at 9 (when taken as a compulsory language) Mauritius O levels taken with Cambridge International Exams (Specification 1125/1126) Pass at grade B Netherlands Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) Pass English at 8 (goed) Norway Vitnemål for Videregående Opplæring Pass English at 4 when taken as a Common Core Subject Singapore O-Level (SINO) taken with CIE English Language Pass at grade B4 Singapore Integrated Programme (section 4) English Language Pass at grade B Sweden Högskoleförberedande Examen Pass English at grade C (a minimum of 150 credits) If you do not require a student visa to study in the UK, we are additionally able to accept any of the qualifications from section 5. Section 5 - European English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study for applicants who do not require a student visa. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. If you require a student visa to study in the UK and are completing one of the following qualifications, you will have to obtain an additional English language test/qualification from those listed in sections 1 to 4. Belgium Diploma van Secundair/ Certificate d'Enseignement Secondaire Superieur Pass English at 80% / 16 out of 20 / grote onderscheiding /avec grande distinction Finland Ylioppilastutkintotodistus Pass English at 5 (M) magna cum laude approbatur Luxembourg Diplôme de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires Pass English at 45 (bien) Switzerland Certificat de Maturité / Maturitätszeugnis / Attestato di Maturità Pass English with 5 (bien/gut/bene) Band C This band is applicable only to postgraduate courses. Band D Which courses? This band applies to the following faculty: Faculty of Natural, Mathematical & Engineering Sciences (excluding the following courses: Electronic Engineering BEng/MEng, General Engineering BEng/MEng and Quantitative Mathematics BSc which are in band B) The following courses: Anatomy Developmental and Human Biology BSc Biochemistry BSc Biomedical Engineering BEng/MEng Biomedical Science BSc Dental Therapy & Hygiene BSc Medical Physiology BSc Molecular Genetics BSc Neuroscience BSc Nursing Studies for qualified healthcare professionals BSc Pharmacology BSc If you require a student visa to study in the UK, we are able to accept any of the tests/qualifications from sections 1 to 4. If you do not require a Student visa to study in the UK, we are able to accept any of the tests/qualifications from sections 1 to 5. Section 1 - English language proficiency tests The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within two years of the start date of your chosen course. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences, i.e. if your course starts in September 2027, the test must be dated within two years of 1st September 2027. All elements of the test results must be demonstrated in one test. We cannot take a combination of your scores across two tests. We cannot take TOEFL MyBest scores or IELTS One Skill scores. Cambridge Advanced Certificate (CAE) / Cambridge C1 Advanced 176 overall with a minimum of 169 in each skill Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE) / Cambridge C2 Proficiency 176 overall with a minimum of 169 in each skill IELTS (Academic) 6.5 overall with a minimum of 6.0 in each skill IELTS (Online) 6.5 overall with a minimum of 6.0 in each skill Oxford Test of English Advanced 140 overall with 125 in each component Pearson Test of English (Academic) We also accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) for UKVI. We do not accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) Online 62 overall with a minimum of 59 in each communicative skill TOEFL iBT or TOEFL iBT Home Edition Institution code: 0394 Tests taken before 21 January 2026:92 overall with a minimum of 23 in writing and 20 in each of the other skills Tests taken from 21 January 2026:4.5 overall with a minimum of 4 in each skill Trinity College London Integrated Skills in English (ISE) Level III (ISEIII) with pass in each skill Section 2 - King's Foundations King's Foundations offer a number of courses to help students reach the language and skills level required for entry onto our undergraduate courses. King's International Foundation Pass programme with B in English module Apply to the International Foundation King's Pre-Sessional English Language Programme Pass with Band 6.5 Apply to King's Pre-Sessional English Language courses Section 3 - A-level, AS-level, International Baccalaureate and GCSE/IGCSE Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. Please note: all IGCSE English qualifications requiring Speaking and/or Listening must have this separately endorsed on their Candidate Statement of Results and/or certificate. Evidence must be provided with your application - please send a scan of your IGCSE certificate and Statement of Results via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. We accept all GCSE English Language specifications that are currently available in the UK, whether they are taken in the UK or abroad. GCE A-level / AS-level English Language or English Language & Literature Grade C International Baccalaureate Diploma English A (English Language/Literature/Language & Literature) Higher Level 4 Standard Level 5 International Baccalaureate Diploma English B (English Language) Higher Level 5 Standard Level 7 GCSE English Language Grade B or 6 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0522) Grade B IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0500) Grade B plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0990) Grade 6 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0511) Grade A IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0510) Grade A plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English as a Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0991) Grade 7 IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0993) Grade 7 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Language A Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EA1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at Merit IGCSE English Language B Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EB1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at Merit IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4ES1) Grade 7 including 7 in the spoken endorsement IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4XES2 Post-2025) Grade 7 including 7 in speaking (Unit 4) Oxford AQA IGCSE English Language (Specification 9270) Grade 6 including Spoken Language endorsed at Merit Oxford AQA IGCSE English as a Second Language (Specification 9280) Grade 7 Section 4 - International school level English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. Austria Reifeprüfungszeugnis Pass English at 2 (gut) in both written and oral Brunei O level taken with Cambridge International Exams (Specification 1120) Pass at grade B Denmark Studentereksamen (STX) / Højere Forberedelseseksamen (HF) / Højere Teknisk Eksamen (HTX) / Højere Handelseksamen (HHX) Pass English (A or B) at grade 7 European Baccalaureate Pass English L1 at 70%; English L2 at 80% France Baccalauréat Pass English at 13 where English is the first foreign language (LV1/LVA) France Option Internationale du Baccalauréat or Baccalauréat Français Internationale (British English or American English) Pass Language and Literature (English) in American, Australian or British Streams at 12 German Abitur Pass English at 12 (Gut) when taken as a Hauptfach / Leistungskurs / Kurs mit erhöhtem Anforderungsniveau Applicants completing the Abitur in Baden-Württemberg or Bavaria will need to pass English at 12 in their final year. Iceland Stúdentspróf (bóknámsbraut) Pass English at 9 (when taken as a compulsory language) Mauritius O levels taken with Cambridge International Exams (Specification 1125/1126) Pass at grade B Netherlands Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) Pass English at 8 (goed) Norway Vitnemål for Videregående Opplæring Pass English at 4 when taken as a Common Core Subject Singapore O-Level (SINO) taken with CIE English Language Pass at grade B4 Singapore Integrated Programme (section 4) English Language Pass at grade B Sweden Högskoleförberedande Examen Pass English at grade C (a minimum of 150 credits) If you do not require a student visa to study in the UK, we are additionally able to accept any of the qualifications from section 5. Section 5 - European English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study for applicants who do not require a student visa. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your course starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. If you require a student visa to study in the UK and are completing one of the following qualifications, you will have to obtain an additional English language test/qualification from those listed in sections 1 to 4. Belgium Diploma van Secundair/ Certificate d'Enseignement Secondaire Superieur Pass English at 80% / 16 out of 20 / grote onderscheiding / avec grande distinction Finland Ylioppilastutkintotodistus Pass English at 5 (M) magna cum laude approbatur Luxembourg Diplôme de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires Pass English at 45 (bien) Switzerland Certificat de Maturité / Maturitätszeugnis / Attestato di Maturità Pass English with 5 (bien/gut/bene) Band E Which courses? Currently no courses require Band E English. English requirements for King's International Foundation Which courses? This Band applies to all courses within: King's International Foundation Extended King's International Foundation Please read all of the below information carefully as there are a wide range of English language tests we can accept to meet our English language requirements. If a test you have completed is not listed below, unfortunately we are unable to accept it as meeting our English language requirements. Nationality Nationals of the following countries, who have successfully completed a high school level 2 or level 3 qualification (GCSE or A-level equivalent) in a majority English speaking country are not required to complete an additional English language test and can apply to the King's International Foundation pathway (rather than the Extended pathway from which they will be transferred, should they apply). The qualification studied must follow the education system of a majority English speaking country. Antigua & Barbuda Australia Barbados Belize British Overseas Territories Canada Dominica Grenada Guyana Ireland Jamaica Malta New Zealand St Kitts & Nevis St Lucia St Vincent & the Grenadines The Bahamas Trinidad & Tobago U.K. U.S.A. For applicants requiring a student visa If you need to apply for a student visa to study in the UK, we can only accept IELTS and Pearson results that have been provided by test centres approved by UK Visas and Immigration: IELTS for UKVI (Academic) and PTE (Academic) UKVI are only valid if taken within two years before the start date of your chosen programme of study. All elements of the test results must be demonstrated in one test. We cannot take a combination of scores across two tests. We cannot accept IELTS One Skill scores. You can find a list of approved test centres on the UKVI website. Qualification King's International Foundation Extended King's International Foundation* IELTS for UKVI (Academic) 6.0 overall, with no skill below 5.5 From 5.5 overall, with no skill below 5.0, to 6.0 overall, with no skill below 5.5 Pearson Test of English (Academic) UKVI 59 overall with a minimum of 54 in each communicative skill 54 overall with a minimum of 46 in each communicative skill Students who exceed this requirement will be transferred to the King's International Foundation programme, which starts on 27 September 2027. For applicants not requiring a student visa We accept a number of other English language tests if you do not require a student visa to study in the UK: Section 1 - English language proficiency tests The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within two years of the start date of your chosen course. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your courses commences, i.e. if your courses starts in September 2027, the test must be dated within two years of 1st September 2027. All elements of the test results must be demonstrated in one test. We cannot take a combination of your scores across two tests. We cannot take TOEFL MyBest scores or IELTS One Skill scores. Qualification King's International Foundation Extended King's International Foundation* Cambridge Advanced Certificate (CAE)/Cambridge C1 Advanced or Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English (CPE)/Cambridge C2 Proficiency 169 overall with a minimum of 160 in each skill 162 overall with a minimum of 154 in each skill IELTS (Academic) Minimum 6.0 overall, with no skill below 5.5 Minimum 5.5 overall, with no skill below 5.0 IELTS (Online) Minimum 6.0 overall, with no skill below 5.5 Minimum 5.5 overall, with no skill below 5.0 Pearson Test of English (Academic) We also accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) for UKVI. We do not accept Pearson Test of English (Academic) Online 59 overall with a minimum of 54 in each communicative skill 54 overall with a minimum of 46 in each communicative skill TOEFL iBT or TOEFL iBT Home Edition Institution code: 0394 Tests taken before 21 January 2026: 80 overall with a minimum of 20 in each skill Tests taken from 21 January 2026:4 overall with a minimum of 4 in each skill Tests taken before 21 January 2026: 72 overall with a minimum of 17 in writing and speaking and 15 in listening and reading Tests taken from 21 January 2026: 4 overall with a minimum of 3.5 in each skills Trinity College London Integrated Skills in English (ISE) Level III with pass in each skill Level II with pass in each skill Students who exceed this requirement will be transferred to the King's International Foundation programme, which starts on 27 September 2027. Section 2 - A-level, AS-level, International Baccalaureate and GCSE/IGCSE Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your courses starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. Please note: all IGCSE English qualifications requiring Speaking and/or Listening must have this separately endorsed on their Candidate Statement of Results and/or certificate. Evidence must be provided with your application - please send a scan of your IGCSE certificate and Statement of Results via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. We accept all GCSE English Language specifications that are currently available in the UK. GCE A-level / AS-level English Language or English Language & Literature Grade C International Baccalaureate Diploma English A (English Language/Literature/Language & Literature) Higher Level 4 Standard Level 5 International Baccalaureate Diploma English B (English Language) Higher Level 5 Standard Level 7 GCSE English Language Grade B or 6 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0522) Grade B IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0500) Grade B plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English First Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0990) Grade 6 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE(Specification 0511) Grade A IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0510) Grade A plus Speaking and Listening at grade 2 IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0991) Grade 7 IGCSE English Second Language CIE/CAIE (Specification 0993) Grade 7 plus Speaking and Listening at Merit IGCSE English Language A Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EA1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at Merit IGCSE English Language B Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4EB1 Post-2018) Grade 6 including spoken language endorsement at Merit IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4ES1) Grade 7 including 7 in the spoken endorsement IGCSE English Second Language Pearson/Edexcel (Specification 4XES2 Post-2025) Grade 7 including 7 in speaking (Unit 4) Oxford AQA IGCSE English Language (Specification 9270) Grade 6 including Speaking and Listening endorsed at Merit Oxford AQA IGCSE English as a Second Language (Specification 9280) Grade 7 Section 3 - International school level English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen courses of study. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your courses commences i.e. if your programme starts in September, the qualification must be within five years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. Austria Reifeprüfungszeugnis Pass English at 2 (gut) in both written and oral Brunei O level taken with Cambridge International Exams (Specification 1120) Pass at grade B Denmark Studentereksamen (STX) / Højere Forberedelseseksamen (HF) / Højere Teknisk Eksamen (HTX) / Højere Handelseksamen (HHX) Pass English (A or B) at grade 7 France Baccalauréat Pass English at 13 where English is the first foreign language (LV1/LVA) France Option Internationale du Baccalauréat or Baccalauréat Français Internationale (British English or American English) Pass Language and Literature (English) in American, Australian or British Streams at 12 German Abitur Pass English at 12 (Gut) when taken as a Hauptfach / Leistungskurs / Kurs mit erhöhtem Anforderungsniveau Applicants completing the Abitur in Baden-Württemberg or Bavaria will need to pass English at 12 in their final year. Iceland Stúdentspróf (bóknámsbraut) Pass English at 9 (when taken as a compulsory language) Mauritius O levels taken with Cambridge International Exams (Specification 1125/1126) Pass at grade B Netherlands Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) Pass English at 8 (goed) Norway Vitnemål for Videregående Opplæring Pass English at 4 when taken as a Common Core Subject Singapore O-Level (SINO) taken with CIE English Language Pass at grade B4 Singapore Integrated Programme (section 4) English Language Pass at grade B Sweden Högskoleförberedande Examen Pass English at grade C (a minimum of 150 credits) Section 4 - European English language qualifications Note: The tests listed below are valid if they have been taken within five years before the start date of your chosen course of study for applicants who do not require a student visa. The start date for the purposes of English language requirements is the 1st day of the month in which your course commences i.e. if your courses starts in September, the qualification must be within two years of 1st September. If you have already completed the qualification, please send a scan of your certificate via King's Apply after you have submitted an application. Belgium Diploma van Secundair/ Certificate d'Enseignement Secondaire Superieur Pass English at 80% / 16 out of 20 / grote onderscheiding /avec grande distinction Finland Ylioppilastutkintotodistus Pass English at 5 (M) magna cum laude approbatur Luxembourg Diplôme de Fin d'Etudes Secondaires Pass English at 45 (bien) Switzerland Certificat de Maturité / Maturitätszeugnis / Attestato di Maturità Pass English with 5 (bien/gut/bene) Academic Communication Skills - new modules for students with advanced English language skills Academic Communication Skills for Humanities, Social Sciences and Business and Academic Communication Skills for STEM are new modules designed to cater to the unique needs of learners with advanced and proficient English language skills, focussing on the development of critical thinking skills and the ability to communicate effectively in academic contexts. The following students may be enrolled on these modules: Applicants who are nationals of Majority English Speaking Countries and who have successfully completed high school in their respective countries Applicants who have achieved a high test score in their Accepted English Language Test (equivalent to Band B, e.g. IELTS 7.0 overall and 6.5 in each skill). However to be eligible for this module your English Language test must have been taken within one year of your start date (test taken on 1st September 2026 or later if enrolling in September 2027). Study Abroad Which courses? All incoming study abroad applicants are required to meet the English language requirements set out in Band B. Applicants who require a student visa to study in the UK will need to complete one of the acceptable English Language tests listed in sections 1-4 of Band B. Applicants who do not require a Student visa to study in the UK or applicants who are applying for semester only courses can complete one of the acceptable English Language tests listed in sections 1-5 of Band B. Alternatively, we may be able to accept a letter of English language proficiency from your home institution. For further information about this please contact the Admissions team via King's Apply. Exemptions If you are a national of a UKVI defined majority English speaking country, you will not be required to take an English language test, please see the list of countries in the 'Nationality' section at the top of this page.