Important information for applying Quick find: How do I apply? When is the application deadline? What happens if I apply late? Do I have to pay to apply? I am no longer at school/college - can I still use UCAS? UCAS is asking me for a buzzword - what is this? I'm being asked for a 'campus code' for my course - where do I find this? Can I apply for more than one course at King's? How do I do this? Can someone help me complete my UCAS application? What documents do I need to submit with my application? What should I include in my personal statement? I have some relevant work experience. Will this help my application? I haven't studied for a number of years. Can I still apply and does this affect my application? Can I submit my English language test result after I have submitted my application? I've participated in one of King's Widening Participation Schemes - should I do anything different with my application? How long will the decision take on my application? How will I be notified of the outcome? It's important that you follow the required application process and provide all the information we need to assess your application. Find answers to our most common questions on this page. UCAS also provides guidance on using the application system for our undergraduate courses. How do I apply? We offer several different types of undergraduate study and the application process may vary depending on whether you wish to apply for an undergraduate degree, International Foundation programme, or to Study Abroad at King's. To help you understand the best process for you, please see our Applying to King's webpage. When is the application deadline? What happens if I apply late? Deadlines will vary, please visit the following webpages for further information: Non-degree programmes: International Foundation programmes Study Abroad programmes Pre-sessional English programmes Summer School programmes Medicine and Dentistry courses: (except for MBBS and A204 Dentistry Entry Programme for Medical Graduates BDS) 15 October in the year before you wish to join All other undergraduate degree programmes: (including Programme MBBS and A204 Dentistry Entry Programme for Medical Graduates BDS) 29 January For details of the exact time of these UCAS deadlines, see UCAS guidance on when to apply. Late applications If you apply after the specified deadline for your course, your application will be considered late. We can only consider late applications if there are still places on the programme and after we have considered all on-time applications. Late applications will not be considered until all on-time applications for the relevant programme have been processed. Do I have to pay to apply? UCAS charges a small fee to apply, but King's will not charge UCAS applicants an additional application fee for your application to be considered. Other costs to consider: You might incur further costs later in the application process, for example: deposits for international students (if applicable) payment for visa applications (if applicable) payment for enhanced criminal conviction checks (if required) If you are applying for a course which interviews on-site in London, you may also have to consider travel costs. Please contact our King's Advisors if you need any further guidance at this stage. I am no longer at school/college - can I still use UCAS? Yes. UCAS will allow you to apply independently of a school/college. You will need to nominate a referee who must be an academic or professional contact (not a friend or family member). Your referee will receive a secure link from UCAS to provide your reference and predicted grades (where applicable) directly. See UCAS application guidance for further details. UCAS is asking me for a buzzword - what is this? If you are applying through a secondary school or college, they will be able to provide you with this. If you are applying independently, you will not need a buzzword - UCAS will ask you some additional questions in order to register with them. Please note: If you are a student on the King's International Foundation and are applying for an undergraduate degree, King's may be able to provide you with a buzzword and support with the UCAS referencing system. I'm being asked for a 'campus code' for my course - where do I find this? Please leave this field blank. King's does not use the UCAS campus code. Can I apply for more than one course at King's? How do I do this? You can apply for more than one course at the same university through UCAS. However, we encourage you to only apply to similar courses as your personal statement will need to address all of the courses you choose. You should also look at the course webpage carefully for all courses you apply to, to make sure that you are also considering the non-academic requirements as well as the academic requirements. Can someone help me complete my UCAS application? King's will do our best to advise you how to apply to our courses, but we may not be best placed to advise you on some of the technical or practical processes of filling in your UCAS application. Instead we would encourage you to: Look at the guidance UCAS have provided on their website. Speak to a UCAS Customer Advisor if you are unsure. Talk though the process with a school or careers advisor, or a friend, parent or guardian. What documents do I need to submit with my application? In your UCAS application you will be asked to provide: A personal statement Full education history A reference However, if you have any additional documents which you need to send to King's to add to your application, the best way to do this is to send us a scanned copy of the file: once you have received your King's Apply log-in details, scan the document and attach the file to a message to us in your King's Apply system. This will send the document to us and automatically ensure it is added to your application. Additional documents might include: university/high school transcripts (where applicable) official English translations of any items not issued in English English Language test results (such as IELTS, TOEFL) any additional forms, samples, or evidence requested by the Admissions Office for your course. If you are finishing your secondary qualifications, please make sure that your reference has included your predicted grades, either through the reference on the UCAS application or in an email from an official school address. We are usually unable to consider applications until we have received all of the necessary documents. What should I include in my personal statement? Your personal statement is a piece of writing - about 4,000 characters or 47 lines of text - which you will include in your application. You do not need to list your qualifications here, as there will be a separate section of the application form for recording those details (along with details of your qualifications and your reference). The personal statement is split into three separate questions. This was recently changed by UCAS for September 2026 applications. It is designed to ease the process and structure your answers so it includes what we need to see to help you succeed in your application. Question 1: Why do you want to study this course or subject? Question 2: How have your qualifications and studies helped you to prepare for this course or subject? Question 3: What else have you done to prepare outside of education, and why are these experiences useful? The personal statement is one of the many factors in the overall assessment of your application, it's your opportunity to introduce yourself to King's and tell us about your interest in your chosen subject, as well as any work experience or extracurricular activities you have done. There's no such thing as a 'perfect' personal statement, and the Admissions Office is not able to advise on drafts. However we hope this guidance will be useful for you: Check your course webpage, and check the 'Entry requirements' section to see what sort of information we are looking for. For example, we have specific advice for our Medicine A100 course, and for Law M100 course, there are a number of 'non academic' requirements you might want to address in your statement. Read the UCAS guidance on writing a personal statement. Always read your statement through carefully, checking punctuation and grammar. It's a good idea to get someone else to read your statement through too, but remember that it should be your own words: both UCAS and King's take plagiarism very seriously. I have some relevant work experience. Will this help my application? For most programmes work experience is not required and it will not be considered in place of the typical entry requirements (but you should check your course webpage for further details). However, if there are skills, achievements or knowledge you've gained from your work experience which you think would be relevant to you chosen programme, we would encourage you to include some brief details in your personal statement. This is particularly true where the course states that some sort of work experience is 'desirable' or 'highly desirable' in the 'Entry requirements' section of the course webpage. I haven't studied for a number of years. Can I still apply and does this affect my application? We welcome applications from mature students, but note that most courses require evidence of readiness to engage and achieve at an undergraduate degree level and this would usually be demonstrated through recent qualifications. If you have been out of study for a while and have no relevant work experience, you may want to consider refreshing your subject knowledge in order to make a competitive application. For example, you could take an Access to Higher Education course or similar to meet the entry requirements (but do check first if your intended qualification is suitable for entry to the course you're interested in). In some cases, mature applicants will be invited to an interview (for example, to discuss your current knowledge and your motivations for returning study) and you will be sent further information about this once you have applied. If you have any questions about the age of your qualifications, please contact our King's Advisors. Can I submit my English language test result after I have submitted my application? Yes, you can submit your English test results after submitting your application. If you will be taking an English language test at a later date, please mark this on your application. When you have received your results, please scan and upload them to the King's Apply portal. All English language test results must be no more than two years old. I've participated in one of King's Widening Participation Schemes - should I do anything different with my application? You should apply through UCAS in the same way as any other applicant. However, please make sure that you accurately record the fact that you have participated by following any instructions given to you by the Widening Participation team. How long will the decision take on my application? How will I be notified of the outcome? For undergraduate degree courses, if you apply before the UCAS deadline for your course (either 15 October or 26 January), you will have a decision by 13 May at the latest. Some courses wait until all applications have been submitted before they start assessing applications and others make decisions as they receive applications, so waiting times can vary. You will be notified of the decision through the King's Apply portal and UCAS Hub. More information Important information for applying Find out all you need to know about the application process. Important information for preparing to enrol Find out your next steps towards joining King's. Information for after you receive your decision Next steps once you receive King's decision on your application. Next steps Postgraduate events Explore our courses, take a campus tour and experience King's. Postgraduate guide Download our postgraduate guide to discover why you should choose King's. Register your interest Sign up for information about our courses, events, applying and more. Contact us Questions about studying at King's? We're here to help.