Important information for after you receive your decision Quick find: My application has been unsuccessful. Can I find out why? I've received an offer - what next? I've received an offer for a different course - why? Do I have to pay a deposit to secure my place? Can I visit King's after I receive an offer? Can I defer my place on the course? Can I change my course after I've submitted my application? When should I start applying for funding? What are my tuition fees? When do I pay? Can I pay in instalments? I think my fee status is incorrect - who do I talk to about this? I need a CAS number for my student visa. How do I get this number? You will be notified of King's decision on your application through King's Apply. If you applied through UCAS, you will also see a decision on UCAS Hub. Unsuccessful My application has been unsuccessful. Can I find out why? You can find a summary of the reason your application was unsuccessful through King's Apply. For further details, please send a formal request in writing as a message through King's Apply and the Admissions Office will be able to give you further advice. You can also see our feedback and appeals information. Successful I've received an offer - what next? Step 1 Read your offer letter carefully. If there is anything you don't understand or want to question, please contact the Admissions Office through your King's Apply account. You then need to decide whether or not you wish to accept the offer from King's. The UCAS system allows you to respond to an offer in three ways: firm acceptance insurance acceptance decline. For a detailed explanation of these responses, and deadlines to respond, see UCAS guidance. In your UCAS Hub account you will be able to see the deadline for responding to your offer. Step 2 If you decide to accept an offer from King's, in the spring and summer you will receive details of offer-holder webpages and events to help you make your decisions and prepare for your start at King's. You can continue to contact the Admissions Office with any queries though King's Apply. I've received an offer for a different course - why? Unfortunately we are not always able to offer even academically strong applicants the course they initially applied for. In some of these cases we are able to identify another course at King's that we believe they would be more suited to - perhaps based on interests raised in their personal statement, or the subjects they are currently studying. In this case, you would receive what we call an alternative offer, where we offer you a place on a course different from the one you originally applied to. You can find out more information about the offered course on our course webpages and we would recommend reading this information before responding to your offer. It is important to note that you will not be able to switch back to your original course after accepting an alternative offer, so you should only accept this offer if you are interested in the offered course. Do I have to pay a deposit to secure my place? Your offer letter will tell you whether or not you will need to pay a deposit and by when. Please note that at undergraduate level deposits are usually only required for Overseas fee-paying offer-holders, and only once you have accepted King's as your 'Firm' choice. Any deposit will go towards your first year tuition fees. The Admissions Office will give send you information about how to pay, and your deadlines. Can I visit King's after I receive an offer? We hold on-campus and online offer holder events. Making changes Can I defer my place on the course? It is usually possible to defer your place for one year. Please send a message through King's Apply stating that you would like to defer your place and we will review your request. You will still need to meet all the conditions of your offer by August in the year of application in order to take up your place on the course. Please be aware that if you are requesting a deferral after you have received an offer, this may affect any funding, visa, or accommodation arrangements you may already have in place. Can I change my course after I've submitted my application? Your offer is specific to the course and year of entry stated in your offer letter. On occasion, we will consider requests to change your offer to a very similar course at King's, but there is no guarantee of this. Particularly competitive courses, or courses with complex selection procedures (such as Medicine, Dentistry, Law, Nursing & Midwifery) will only consider applications made by the published deadline. If you would like to request consideration to change to an alternative course, please send a message to the Admissions Office through your King's Apply account stating the course that you would like to change to and why. Please be aware that you will need to meet the entry requirements of the course you wish to change to and that not all courses will consider applications from those who originally applied to a different course. Tuition fees and funding When should I start applying for funding? For deadlines and further guidance see our fees and funding webpages. What are my tuition fees? When do I pay? Can I pay in instalments? Tuition fees for your course can be found in your offer letter and course page. You can find advice here about whether you are expected to pay these fees yourself, or whether you will be able to receive loans to pay these for you. If you are responsible for paying your fees, you will be sent an invoice for your first year's tuition fees after you have enrolled on the course. This will take into account any deposit already paid (if applicable). You can pay your tuition fees all at once or in two equal instalments. Further information regarding fee payments can be found on the Credit Control webpages. Please note that tuition fees pay for your course - they do not include accommodation costs or other living costs. You can find more guidance on living costs in our funding webpages. I think my fee status is incorrect - who do I talk to about this? Before responding to your offer please send a message to the Admissions Office through King's Apply explaining why you feel your fee status is incorrect. You may be asked to complete a more detailed fee status questionnaire or provide documentation to give further details of your circumstances in order for us to make an assessment. Your fee status must be changed before enrolment in order for the new status to be reflected in your fee invoice. For further information please see out detailed guidance on fee status reassessment. International I need a CAS number for my student visa. How do I get this number? You need to hold an unconditional offer in order to be issued a CAS number for a student visa. Please make sure that you have entered your passport information and indicated that you will require a visa on your UCAS application. If you have completed these steps and hold an unconditional offer, the Admissions Office will produce your CAS number as soon as possible and this will be visible through King's Apply. Please be aware that the CAS number is only valid for six months from the date of issue and therefore we are only able to issue these six months before the start of your course. More information Important information for preparing to enrol Find out your next steps towards joining King's. Undergraduate offer holders Your next steps as an offer holder. Undergraduate offer holder events Find out more about King's and your course at one of our events.