Undergraduate Tuition Fees Quick find Quick find: Students from the European Union How can I pay my tuition fees? What happens if I don't pay my tuition fees? Home fees for students based in the UK are set at £9,790 for new students starting in September 2026. The UK government has confirmed that students from the EU, EEA or Switzerland starting their course in 2021 or later will no longer be eligible for home fee status, and will instead pay the international tuition fee rate. Existing home and EU status undergraduate students who began their course of study between 2017 and 2020 will have their tuition fees set at £9,790. All tuition fees can be found on each individual course page on the online course finder. Please note that tuition fees may be subject to additional increases in subsequent years of study, in line with King's terms and conditions. Students from the European Union Most undergraduates with settled status under the EU Settlement Scheme (EUSS) are entitled to a Tuition Fee Loan and Maintenance Loan from Student Finance, in addition to supplementary grants such as the Childcare Grant, Parents' Learning Allowance, Adult Dependents Grant and Disabled Students' Allowance, where relevant. Most undergraduates with pre-settled status under the EUSS are entitled to a Tuition Fee Loan from Student Finance. You may also qualify for a Maintenance Loan and supplementary grants depending on your circumstances. Further information is available from the UKCISA site. You can also call the UKCISA student advice line on 020 7788 9214. How can I pay my tuition fees? Most* home undergraduate students do not have to self-fund their tuition fees whilst studying, unless they wish to. Instead, you can take a student loan for fees. Find out more on our loans & grants web page. Repayments start the April after you complete your course and you will only repay your student loan when your income is over a threshold amount for your repayment plan. More details about the different repayment plans can be found on the UK Government's 'Repaying your student loan' web page. Please note that we do not offer the option to make a tuition fee payment in pound sterling (GBP) with a non-UK issued card as these transactions are expensive to process. *If you have previously studied an undergraduate degree, please visit our previous study web page for further information. What happens if I don't pay my tuition fees? Any student who fails to settle the overdue balance within the prescribed dates will be liable to suspension from the university and then have his/her university registration cancelled after 14 days written notice from the Director of Students & Education Support. Suspension means a total prohibition on attendance, access to the university and on any participation in university activities. If you are worried about paying for your tuition/accommodation fees, please contact the student fees team via our website and they will look at your request individually. We'd also recommend you contact our Money & Housing advice team via the website so they can support you during these difficult times. Quick find Quick find: Students from the European Union How can I pay my tuition fees? What happens if I don't pay my tuition fees? More from fees & funding Undergraduate fees and funding Find out more about tuition fees, scholarships and other financial help. Student loan for tuition fees Information about student loans for tuition fees. Contact the Student Funding Office Got a question? Get in touch with the fees & funding team.