King's Foundations Start your King's Undergraduate Journey today You will receive two guaranteed offers to one of over 150 degrees at King's, subject to meeting the progression requirements. Last year, over 75% of our Foundation students progressed to undergraduate study with us. Join the largest university run Foundation programme in the UK where we help you succeed: Find out more about the Programme Hear from our students Discover your progression options Key Dates Discover our four pathways Health, Life & Biosciences Pathway Leads to health sciences or chemistry degrees. STEM & Natural Sciences Pathway Progress to traditional sciences, technology or engineering. Politics, Culture & Social Sciences Pathway Go on to study arts, culture, politics, digital media or law. Business & Economics Pathway Prepare for business, maths and economics degrees. Find the Foundation programme for you Module combinations The King's International Foundation Programme is organised into four subject pathways: Health, Life & Biosciences STEM & Natural Sciences Politics, Culture & Social Sciences Business & Economics Each pathway prepares you for undergraduate degrees in that subject area at King's. Within your chosen pathway, you will select a module combination that meets the requirements of the degree you want to study after the programme. To find the right option, use the Foundation Finder above. Simply type in the undergraduate degree you are interested in, and the tool will show you the recommended module combination(s) for that degree. Life as a King's International Foundation Programme student Foundation student life Discover what it's like to be a King's Foundations student Support for Foundation students Take a look at the various ways we'll help you settle into student life Discover your accommodation options Find out more about accommodation Next steps & Events How to apply to the International Foundation Programme Everything you need to know about how to apply King's International Foundation Information Sessions Sign up to our online International Foundation information session on... Campus visit request form Want to visit our campus? Fill out this form. (Mondays available only)