## Optional Application Materials In addition to the [required application materials], students may choose to submit these optional materials with their UChicago application. ## Financial Aid Application ## U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents Applicants to the College are not required to submit an application for financial aid to be considered for admission. If you do intend to apply for need-based financial aid, however, you should do so at the same time you apply for admission so that you can factor your financial aid package into your college decision process. Learn more about applying for financial aid. Once a student is admitted, regardless of that student's country of origin, the University of Chicago will meet 100% of their demonstrated financial need throughout their four years in the College with a grant-based financial aid package. UChicago financial aid packages do not include a loan expectation. ## Domestic Financial Aid Application Materials - Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) - Prior-prior year's tax returns (including all schedules and W-2 forms) - UChicago-Specific Financial Aid Worksheet ## International Applicants UChicago will meet 100% of international students' demonstrated need. International applicants go through the same contextual review process as domestic applicants, with the only difference being that international students are required to submit a financial aid application prior to admission if they think they may require need-based aid at any time while enrolled at UChicago. Learn more about applying for financial aid as an international applicant. ## International Financial Aid Application Materials - The Student Financial Aid Worksheet - Supporting documentation of family's income and asset information ## Transfer Applicants Based on the nature of financial aid funds for transfer students, the admissions process is need-aware for transfer applicants. Transfer applications go through the same holistic review process as first-year applicants, and an application for need-based financial aid will be taken into consideration at the end of that process. International transfer applicants are not eligible to apply for need-based financial aid. Learn more about applying for financial aid as a Transfer student. ## Recommended Video Profile If you would like to add your voice to your application, you have the option to submit a two-minute video introduction in lieu of the traditional college interview, which is not part of our application process. Your recording does not need to be extensively rehearsed or polished, and the video does not need to be edited. You may record your video introduction using the platform of your choice, and then upload either a file of or link to the introduction into your UChicago Account. If there is any important information relevant to your candidacy you were unable to address elsewhere in the application, please share that information here. ## Optional Art, Creative, Research, or Other Supplements Students may submit supplemental material representing a significant talent, passion, or achievement by self-upload through their UChicago Account. These materials include, but are not limited to, creative writing projects, highlights from music/dance/visual art/theater performance, school capstone projects such as AP Capstone or the equivalent, research projects, business plans, or other work of note. Students may also elect to submit results of AP exams, or predicted IB or A-Level scores on an optional and self-reported basis. ## Schoolhouse.world Statistics or Calculus Mastery Certification Students are welcome to submit schoolhouse.world certification to their application. Once you've completed certification in a specific subject area, you'll be able to download a PDF document verifying your completion. You can upload this PDF to your UChicago Account. Learn more and view FAQs at schoolhouse.world/certification. ## Schoolhouse.world Dialogues Dialogues is a program that aims to foster the ability to have civil and respectful conversations around controversial topics. Students participating in Dialogues can attend events which will match them with a opposite minded individual on a topic of their choosing. Each event will help students grow as speakers, thinkers, and compassionate, open-minded individuals. As part of our continuing partnership with Schoolhouse.world, UChicago will accept Dialogues portfolios in applications. [Explore programs].