## International Financial Aid Nearly $20 million in need-based financial aid has been offered to international students at UChicago over the past four years, and a [recent gift of $35 million for international financial aid] has strengthened the University's commitment to enrolling a diverse and talented student body from around the world. International students should apply for financial aid at the time they apply to UChicago for admission. We are committed to meeting 100% of your demonstrated need with a loan-free financial aid package if you are admitted and applied for funding. Our financial aid packages are based on an estimate of the full costs of enrolling at the University of Chicago, including tuition, housing, health insurance, a meal plan, and estimates for additional costs like books and personal expenses. International students are eligible for financial aid only if they apply for funding during the admissions process, and will not be eligible for financial aid after receiving their admissions decision or during their four years in the College. If you think you will need financial aid at any point during your four years at UChicago, you should apply for financial aid when you apply for admission. ## Required Materials ## 1. The Student Financial Aid Worksheet The Student Financial Aid Worksheet should be filled out and submitted online, through a student's [UChicago Account]. Please note that this is the only form available for non-US citizens and non-US permanent residents applying for financial aid at UChicago. ## 2. Supporting Documentation ## Documentation of Family Income 2024 Tax Forms (If not U.S. taxes, provide home country equivalent, translated into English and converted into U.S. Dollars) If home country does not require tax filing, please submit one of the following: - Statement from Employer outlining annual income and benefits - Bank statements showing recurring salary deposits ## Documentation of Family Assets: [Asset Verification Form] - Statement of checking, savings and investment account balances - Statement showing value of property owned other than primary home (if applicable) - Any other relevant documentation of asset value Please note: International aid applicants should not submit the CSS Profile or the FAFSA, and the Certification of Finances form need not be submitted with an applicant's financial aid application. ## Merit Scholarships for International Students To recognize applicants for their outstanding academic and extracurricular achievement, demonstrated leadership, and commitment to their communities, we offer [merit scholarships] to international applicants. Merit scholarships are partial-tuition scholarships that may be a single lump-sum award, or a renewable annual award. Merit scholarships are considered independently of an applicant's financial situation, so if an applicant thinks he or she may require financial assistance to fund his or her college education, the applicant must submit an application for need-based financial aid. The vast majority of financial aid at UChicago is given out in the form of need-based aid, and applicants should not rely on merit scholarships to fund their college education. All first-year applicants are automatically considered for merit scholarships; no additional application is required. International transfer students are not eligible for merit-based scholarships. Scholarship winners will receive notification of their awards on a rolling basis through the end of April. Please note that only merit scholarship winners are notified. ## International Transfer Applicants Financial aid is not available to international transfer applicants, and international transfer students must be able to document that they are able to fully finance their education at UChicago.