## UChicago Scholarships ## Odyssey Scholarships Thanks to the incredible generosity of the anonymous donor "Homer" and additional gifts from alumni and friends of the University, [for over 15 years] the Odyssey Scholarship program has provided enhanced academic, social, and career support to students who are from lower-income families or the first in their families to attend college. Odyssey Scholars are selected on the basis of financial need and family circumstances and will be eligible for additional funding for study abroad and other costs such as health insurance. Students must apply for need-based financial aid in order to be considered for the Odyssey Scholarship. ## No Student Loans in Your Financial Aid Package Odyssey Scholars, like all UChicago students, are not expected to borrow student loans as part of their financial aid package. Instead, students receive University grant funding, which does not need to be repaid. Please note that you will be eligible for Federal Student Loans, but will not be expected to borrow to pay for your education. Contact [Financial Aid] if you have questions concerning loans. ## Odyssey Internship Program The University of Chicago is committed to providing you with an education that enhances your personal and professional development. To that end, Odyssey Scholars have the opportunity to receive a funded summer [Metcalf Internship] or research opportunity after their first year in the College. To qualify for the opportunity, you will need to participate in Career Advancement programs and meetings with your career adviser. You will meet with your adviser throughout the year to discuss your academic and career interests to ensure that you're in a strong position to find an internship that fits your interests and goals. ## Networking Through programs and events offered by the [Center for College Student Success] and [Career Advancement], students can access opportunities to meet other current Odyssey Scholars, as well as alumni who benefited from and support the Odyssey Scholarship program. ## Funding for Study Abroad Odyssey Scholars are strongly encouraged to take advantage of the wide range of [study abroad offerings] in the College. Scholars will receive funding for program and administrative fees, housing costs, meals, and a stipend to assist with airfare expenses. ## Financial Life Skills Financial literacy seminars for Odyssey Scholars assist students in learning the basics of budgeting a student income, managing personal expenses, and understanding student loans, credit cards, and other consumer debt. ## Assistance with Health Insurance Costs Students are required to have health insurance while attending the College. You must purchase the University of Chicago insurance plan unless you are covered under another plan (e.g. a parent's health insurance plan). As an Odyssey Scholar, the cost of the University health insurance plan is paid for you by Odyssey Scholarship funds. UChicago truly embraces and bolsters its own diversity. You'll meet people from all walks of life and have an endless opportunity to welcome new experiences. Not only were my application and enrollment fees waived, but I was offered an Odyssey Scholarship which ultimately helped make higher education a reality for me. All I can say to whomever is responsible for the Odyssey resources is thank you." ## Nathan M. ## UChicago Odyssey Scholar ## External Scholarships Wherever you're considering attending college, we also encourage you to apply for scholarships from outside organizations. Our Financial Aid Office has compiled [a list of third-party scholarships]. UChicago is also a proud partner of [RaiseMe] which offers students the opportunity to earn and accumulate micro-scholarships on the basis of high school achievements. New and expanding partnerships include: - [The Coalition for Access, Affordability and Success.] - [The College Board] - [Making Caring Common] - [Turning the Tide] - [Scholarships360] - [Evans Scholarship] ## Merit-Based Scholarships All first-year students are automatically considered for merit-based scholarships, regardless of their financial situation. There is no separate application required. Exemplary students are selected to receive University merit scholarships on the basis of outstanding academic achievement, extracurricular achievement, demonstrated leadership, and commitment to their communities. UChicago is proud to offer the following scholarship opportunities, which often include additional support components: "I'm so grateful that UChicago awarded me the National Police and Fire Scholarship. Attending UChicago has changed my life - it has taught me not only about the world from Hobbes to Celan, but myself and how much potential I harbor." Ayla B., Class of 2028 Winthrop, WA Exemplary students are selected to receive University merit scholarships on the basis of outstanding academic achievement, extracurricular achievement, demonstrated leadership, and commitment to their communities. Merit awards are determined by committee on the basis of the application for admission without consideration of financial need. Merit awards range by amount, starting at $2,000. Scholarships can be awarded for four years of undergraduate study or funding for summer opportunities. Most of UChicago's financial aid is awarded on the basis of need, so all students who may require financial support in their education are encouraged to apply for need-based aid. All first-year applicants are automatically considered for all available merit scholarships; no additional merit scholarship application is required. Transfer students are not eligible for merit-based scholarships. Scholarship winners will receive notification of their awards on a rolling basis through the end of April. Please note that only scholarship winners are notified. All students who are the first in their family to attend college will receive a minimum of $20,000 across four years. Awards are made to students whose parents did not attain a degree from a four-year college or university. Applicants who qualify will automatically be considered and need not submit any additional materials beyond the application for admission. To honor our nation's public safety officers, the University of Chicago announces our Police and Fire Scholarship program. Select children of professional, active-duty, injured or killed on duty, or mandatorily retired municipal, county, and state police and firefighters can receive up to full-tuition, four-year scholarships. To be considered for this scholarship, candidates must be accepted to the University of Chicago and be children, stepchildren, or the legally adopted children of currently active, sworn, professional municipal, county, or state police officers or firefighters. Qualified parent roles include professional police officers with municipal, county, or state police forces, officers in sheriffs' offices, and professional firefighters with municipal or county fire departments. Students whose parents have been injured or lost their life in the line of duty as well as those with mandatory retirement are also eligible. View the [National Police and Fire Scholarship Form] If you have any questions, please contact [Allison White]. The University of Chicago is committed to providing you with an education that enhances your personal and professional development. To that end, all first-generation college students have the opportunity to receive a funded summer [Metcalf internship] or research opportunity after their first year in the College. To qualify for the opportunity, you will need to participate in Career Advancement programs and meetings with your career adviser. You will meet with your adviser throughout the year to discuss your academic and career interests to ensure that you're in a strong position to find an internship that fits your interests and goals. In honor of their service to the community and the city, the University of Chicago will offer [up to full-tuition scholarships] to select children of active CPS full-time teachers and school-based non-leadership staff. To be considered for the scholarships, candidates must [complete applications] to the University of Chicago and be children (including legally adopted children) of CPS teachers or school staff who will remain employed within CPS for the duration of their children's college careers. Any student whose parent loses employment at CPS through no fault of their own will be eligible to retain their scholarship. Each winner is guaranteed the scholarship for four years of undergraduate studies (12 academic quarters) at UChicago provided he or she makes satisfactory academic progress. The University of Chicago awards up to full-tuition, four-year scholarships to select graduates of Chicago Public Schools who are admitted to the College of the University of Chicago. Awards are made to outstanding students who show the greatest potential for making contributions to the academic, extracurricular, and community life of the College. CPS student applicants will automatically be considered and need not submit any additional information beyond the [required application materials.] As part of an ongoing effort to support students in our community and make higher education an affordable option for our local families, the University of Chicago awards up to full-tuition, four-year scholarships to select graduates of select partner high schools in the city of Chicago. The awards will be given to outstanding students who demonstrate the greatest potential for making contributions to the academic, extracurricular, and community life of the College. Student applicants will automatically be considered and need not submit any additional information beyond the [required application materials.] Current partner schools include the University of Chicago Charter School Woodlawn Campus, Nicholas Senn High School, Providence St. Mel School, and Kenwood Academy High School. To support those who further the University's mission each and every day, the University of Chicago will offer full-tuition scholarships to select dependents of UChicago faculty, staff, and other academic appointees. First-year college applicants who are admitted to the College will automatically be considered for this scholarship - no special application is required. Awards are made to outstanding students who show the greatest potential for making contributions to the College. Each winner is guaranteed full tuition for four years of undergraduate studies (12 academic quarters) at UChicago provided the student makes satisfactory academic progress. The University of Chicago awards up to full-tuition scholarships to select recipients of the City Colleges of Chicago Star Scholarship who are admitted to the College of the University of Chicago. Awards are given to outstanding transfer students who show the greatest potential for making contributions to the academic, extracurricular, and community life of the College. CCC Star Scholar applicants will automatically be considered when they apply for transfer admission and need not submit any additional information beyond the [required application materials].