Requirements & Deadlines - International Applicants For the 2026-2027 application cycle, we are modifying our admissions process and requirements. If you are an international student applying as a transfer applicant, please review our Transfer Applicants Requirements & Deadlines webpage. International students are valued members of the University of Michigan campus community. The wealth of global and cultural experience they bring adds significantly to the rich and varied tapestry of backgrounds they will find here. The university has a long history of engaging the world on many levels - as an international student, you help maintain and further our standing and deep connection with the global community. How to Apply The application process for international students at the University of Michigan is the same process all undergraduate students undertake, with a few key differences. The requirements may vary depending on your country of origin and specific educational history, particularly the type of transcript you will need to submit. Before you apply, it is important to note that international students on temporary visas are not eligible for financial aid, and are expected to pay the full cost of attendance. Few scholarships are available. Important Application Steps You must apply via the Common Application, along with a $75 application fee. SAT or ACT score, if available. Submit the School Report. Submit one Teacher Evaluation (core academic teacher or other non-relative who can speak directly to the student's academic aptitude, potential, and classroom performance). Submit a Counselor Recommendation (encouraged, but not required). Submit your high school transcript. An official English translation is required to accompany the transcript if the transcript is not issued in English by the school. Students who have already completed high school, including university transfer applicants, should be sure to have final high school transcript submitted showing the graduation date. Also provide a detailed explanation of any educational gaps. If you are a speaker of English as a second language, you will need to submit a test score that demonstrates your English proficiency (e.g., TOEFL, IELTS, MET, etc.). See General English Proficiency Score Ranges for these tests. Please note that international students on temporary visas are not eligible for financial aid, and should expect to pay the full cost of attendance. Scholarships are generally not available. Do not submit any extra documents unless specifically requested, as this may only delay your decision. Students who wish to have an ACT/SAT score considered as a part of their application should self-report their ACT/SAT score on their application or through Enrollment Connect by Nov. 1 for Early Action consideration. Those who do not wish to have an ACT/SAT score considered as a part of their application should indicate that on the testing question within the application. ACT (U-M Code is 2062) SAT (U-M code is 1839) Deadlines As one who lives a great distance from Michigan and the United States, it's important to submit your application materials as soon as possible - ideally, long before you plan on attending U-M. Your application materials will be reviewed once everything has been received. Although deadlines vary by school, college, or program, some general deadlines to keep in mind include: Early Decision-Nov. 1 Early Action-Nov. 1 Regular Decision (fall term)-Feb. 1 Winter term-Oct. 1 Spring term-Feb. 1 Summer term-Feb. 1 Applying for Winter Term Because the University of Michigan's winter term starts at the beginning of January and because the fall term in many countries does not end until late January or February, it may not be possible to apply for U-M's winter term. It is very important that any fall term courses you are enrolled in be completed. If your fall term does not end until some time in January or later, applying to U-M for our fall term which begins in late August or early September (or in some cases summer term which begins at the end of June) would be the only option(s). If not enrolling during the winter term at your current university in your country, our U-M spring term, which begins at the end of April, may also be a possibility. Common Application Completing the Common Application is the first step in your application process. Requirements by Country Our requirements may differ depending on your home country.