Exams & Visas An important exam that non-native speakers of English will need to take for admission consideration to the University of Michigan assesses English language proficiency. We are seeking a high level of proficiency in English due to the nature of the environment into which you will be entering-although the campus community represents a wide range of cultural and geographic backgrounds, American English is the dominant language in the classroom. As a result, we do not offer intensive English make-up course work for conditional admission. Once enrolled, you can undertake a course of language study to improve your skills. English Proficiency If English is your second language, you must take the TOEFL, IELTS, ECPE, CAE or CPE, PTE Academic, or MET examination and earn a passing score in one of the following acceptable ranges: General English Proficiency Score Ranges TOEFL (iBT, including the Home Edition): 100 range with section scores 23+ in listening & reading and 21+ in speaking and writing. TOEFL iBT (launching Jan. 21, 2026): 5-6 range with section scores of 5+ (CEFR C1) TOEFL Essentials: 10 range with section scores 10+ IELTS / IELTS Indicator: 7.0 range with section scores 6.5+ ECPE: Certificate with all sections at least a C CAE (C1 Advanced): 185 with no less than 180+ in all sections (CEFR C1) CPE (C2 Proficiency): 185 with no less than 180+ in all sections (CEFR C1) PTE Academic: 68 with all sections equally strong MET: 64 with section scores of 59+ (4-skill MET-digital) Exceptions: You can be exempted from taking any of these exams if your SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing score is 650 or above (600 or above if presenting an old SAT critical reading score), or if both your ACT Reading and English scores are 27 or above, and if you have recently completed at least four years of rigorous academic study in any of the following countries: Anguilla, Antigua, Barbuda, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Canada (except Quebec), Cayman Islands, Dominica, England, Federated States of Micronesia, Grenada, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Montserrat, New Zealand, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Seychelles, Shetland Islands, St. Kitts-Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, United States (other than Puerto Rico), US Virgin Islands, Wales. (Those in American Schools and British Schools abroad may also be exempted if at least four years of rigorous academic study has recently been completed if scores meet above standards.) Visas All international students at the University of Michigan need both a passport from their home governments and a temporary visa from the United States. In order to receive your visa, enrolling students must first fill out the Financial Resources Statement.