International Financial Aid | Columbia Undergraduate Admissions A Columbia education is possible for students from all socioeconomic backgrounds, including international students. Columbia is committed to meeting 100% of the demonstrated need of all admitted first-year students, regardless of citizenship. International students apply for and receive a substantial amount of financial aid every year, with international financial aid totaling $19 million for the 2023-2024 academic year. International Admissions and Financial Aid The Columbia admissions process is largely the same for all students, regardless of citizenship and residency, but international students are evaluated in a need-aware manner. For financial aid purposes, students who are not citizens or permanent residents of the United States, do not have refugee visas or asylum status, and are not undocumented are considered international. This means that the admissions committee considers how much financial aid a student requires when evaluating an application. All financial aid at Columbia is need-based, and there are no merit scholarships awarded for academics, athletics or other talents. >$220 million IN GRANTS AND SCHOLARSHIPS $21 million AWARDED IN INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL AID $76,503 AVERAGE FIRST-YEAR GRANTS AND SCHOLARSHIPS 3rd largest INTERNATIONAL STUDENT POPULATION OF ANY US UNIVERSITY Need-Based Financial Aid For admitted international students, Columbia will meet 100% of a family's demonstrated need, based on the information provided in the financial aid application. The average award for international financial aid recipients is $79,375, usually encompassing a Columbia grant, which does not have to be repaid, and a student work-study job. Columbia does not include loans in financial aid packages, and as international students are not eligible for federal student aid, Columbia will meet all international financial aid with institutional resources. International applicants must indicate their plan to apply for financial aid when submitting their admission application. If admitted without requesting financial aid, international students may not change their status to apply for aid, even if their financial circumstances change. International financial aid cannot be awarded in subsequent years if not awarded at the time of admission. International Financial Aid Resources Many Columbia students, including international students, receive financial awards from outside organizations, including merit-based scholarships and tuition benefits through employers, government agencies and other sources. Common search engines for international scholarships include International Education Financial Aid and EduPass.