First-Year Applicants | Columbia Undergraduate Admissions We accept first-year applications from students who are hoping to enroll full time at Columbia College or Columbia Engineering. Our admissions staff reviews each application holistically and with care in order to understand what each candidate might contribute to our undergraduate community. First-year applications for Fall 2027 are now available. Apply through Common Application, Coalition Application on Scoir or QuestBridge. Dates & Deadlines The following application deadlines are in regards to student materials (ie. the application and the Columbia-specific application questions). We will accept supporting documentation from schools, including recommendation letters and school reports, after the deadline without the need for counselors or teachers to request an extension. Financial aid materials received after the deadline will be processed without penalty, but may delay the financial aid evaluation. DATE DEADLINE August 1 Application opens November 1 Early Decision and QuestBridge National College Match application deadline November 15 Early Decision financial aid application deadline Mid-December Early Decision admissions and financial aid decisions released January 1 Regular Decision application deadline Mid-January Early Decision response deadline for admitted students February 15 Regular Decision financial aid application deadline Late March Regular Decision admissions and financial aid decisions released May 1 Regular Decision response deadline for admitted students May 15 Enrollment deferral request deadline for enrolling students Late June Final transcript deadline for enrolling students Please note that the above dates and deadlines are based on typical admissions cycles and specific dates may vary in a particular year. Applicants will receive notice of upcoming deadlines and decision release dates by email. All admissions decisions are released through the applicant portal; Columbia does not release admissions decisions over email. Additional Information Eligibility The first-year application is for students who plan to enroll full time in either Columbia College or Columbia Engineering. If you're a current college student, explore our Transfer, Combined Plan and Visiting Student programs. If you're a potential applicant to Columbia College and you've taken a break of more than a year in your education (with the exception of those in mandatory military service) you should, instead, consider Columbia University's School of General Studies. The same is true for all students who wish to attend a part-time program. (If you're interested in attending Columbia Engineering but have taken a break as described above, just apply as a first-year.) If you have already submitted and then withdrawn an application during this application cycle, you are not eligible to reapply until the next application cycle. Interviews Interviews are not a part of the application process.