Skip to content About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Search on the site Validate Show / hide the search form Search on the site Hide the search form EN FR EN DE IT Menu … Afficher l'intégralité du fil d'Ariane Education Affiche les pages de même niveau About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Laboratories list Admission Affiche les pages de même niveau Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education and Science Outreach Infrastructures under development Engagement with Society Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application Affiche les pages de même niveau Academic queries? Contact Student services desk Frequently asked questions Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application Master admission criteria & application PhD admission criteria & application Auditors to Bachelor and Master courses Auditors to doctoral courses Teaching languages About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus In the same section Academic queries? Contact Student services desk Frequently asked questions Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application How to apply? Entrance examination Master admission criteria & application PhD admission criteria & application Auditors to Bachelor and Master courses Auditors to doctoral courses Teaching languages Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application In addition to this page, please consult the 'General' and 'Bachelor's' sections of our FAQ for all information about our admission requirements and processes. From the beginning of the school year in 2025 and for at least four years , EPFL introduces a limitation on the number of students in the first year of the Bachelor's programs (3000). Students repeating the first year, holders of a Swiss maturité gymnasiale , and those who have successfully completed the CMS or entrance exam are guaranteed to be accepted. Holders of an upper secondary school-leaving certificate from a country that is a member of EU, EFTA, or UK or of an International Baccalaureate (IB) will be accepted at the beginning of August within the places available . The general average (or total number of points scored) of the school-leaving certificate will be used to rank and select the applicants. Furthermore, registration for the entrance exam has been restricted. Application You have already understood the admission criteria and would like to apply for a program? Then read about the detailed application procedure: Overview of the application procedure Admission criteria The indications on this page do not constitute a legal basis. Legal texts are the only reference. The criteria are valid for the ongoing year. The specific admission criteria for applicants holding an upper secondary school certificate (maturity, baccalaureate, Abitur, Advanced Levels, etc.) and for those having begun or completed a study program in a higher-education institution are detailed under the following headings . Please pay attention to the restrictions detailed further down the page as well. Swiss 'maturité gymnasiale' Holders of a Swiss maturité gymnasiale (cantonal certificate recognized by the Confederation or federal certificate) are accepted at EPFL with no other condition nor capacity limitation in the first year of their Bachelor's program of choice. They may also ask to be accepted in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales , on a voluntary basis, within the places available (following the procedure detailed below). They are then subject to the usual regulations concerning the successful completion of that course, but keep the right to be accepted in the first year of their Bachelor's program of choice in case of failure in the course. A second attempt at the Cours de mathématiques spéciales is however not allowed. To be accepted in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales , appliquants must fill in the Bachelor's admission form, before the usual deadline. They will receive at the end of May an email with a link to a self-evaluation mathematics test as well as to a form to ask for admission to the Cours de mathématiques spéciales within a deadline of about three weeks (no request for admission will be accepted after the deadline). An answer will then be sent to them in July. Swiss professional or specialized 'maturité' Holders of a Swiss professional maturité or a Swiss specialized maturité are accepted in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales , within the places available. They may also register for our entrance exam (no capacity limitation). Applicants who have also successfully completed the supplementary exam ('DUBS gateway') are treated like holders of a Swiss 'gymnasia maturité' (see above). Upper secondary school certificates from a country that is a member of EU or EFTA Applicants holding an upper secondary school certificate from a country that is a member of EU or EFTA (other than Switzerland) are accepted in the first year of the Bachelor's programs , within the places available (see above) , provided that their title fulfils all of the following conditions: the certificate is a pre-University title granted on the basis of a general education the certificate is granted after at least twelve years of primary and secondary education (excluding kindergarten), including at least three years of upper secondary education the following subjects were studied during the upper secondary education: 1) mathematics, 2) physics, 3) official language of the country granting the certificate, 4) second modern language, 5) chemistry or biology, 6) history, geography, or economics, and 7) applied mathematics, computer science, philosophy, or third modern language at least six of these seven subjects are present on the final grade transcripts used to determine the award of the certificate, including mathematics and physics mathematics and physics were studied and examined at the highest possible level (see below) and the certificate is in a scientific stream (should streams be offered by the country granting the certificate) the final grades in mathematics and physics are at least 80% of the maximum grade the general average is at least 80% of the maximum grade 'At the highest possible level' means that the numbers of years and hours of study for the given subject are the highest possible in the country of study and, when possible, that the subject was tested as part of the final exams. However, supplementary options such as 'expert mathematics' or 'advanced mathematics' are not required. A subject that combines two fields of study under a single label and with a single average on the grade sheets cannot serve to validate two separate requirements (e.g., physics-chemistry cannot satisfy both requirements of physics and chemistry). Additionally, subjects in non-general history, geography, and philosophy, or in business or office computing are not taken into account. Statistics, descriptive geometry, data visualization, quantitative finance, cryptology are considered applied mathematics. In some cases, the page about your country of education ('EPFL' heading) in the 'Countries' section of the swissuniversities website provides specific details on the application of the criteria above, for information purposes only. This website is only updated once a year in January and the conditions may therefore not be up to date when our application form opens in November. EPFL considers that level B2 in French (according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages ) is required to follow its Bachelor's programs. Level C1 is highly recommended. Foreign applicants who have not studied French as part of their upper secondary education will need to attest their level upon application. Applicants who are Swiss or reside and study in Switzerland for a professional reason (because they work in Switzerland or because they live with their parents, who work in Switzerland) are accepted in the first year of the Bachelor's programs with final grades in mathematics and physics and a general average at least 70% of the maximum grade. They are not subject to the capacity limitation . All other conditions remain unchanged and must be fulfilled. Swiss applicants can be accepted, following the evaluation of their application and within the places available , in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales (foundation year) with a general average somewhat below 70% of the maximum grade. Applicants who are Swiss or reside and study in Switzerland for a professional reason (because they work in Switzerland or because they live with their parents, who work in Switzerland) and whose upper secondary school certificate does not meet the requirements listed above can register for our entrance exam (no capacity limitation). Upper secondary school certificates from the United Kingdom Applicants holding British Advanced Levels and/or Scottish Advanced Highers are accepted in the first year of the Bachelor's programs , within the places available (see above) , provided that their title fulfils all of the following conditions: the following subjects were studied and examined as Advanced Levels and/or Advanced Highers: 1) mathematics, 2) physics, and 3) chemistry, biology, or computer science the following subjects were studied at the level of the GCSE and/or Standard Grades or at a higher level (Advanced Subsidiary Levels, Advanced Levels, Highers, and/or Advanced Highers): 1) English, 2) second modern language, and 3) history or geography the grades in mathematics and physics, as well as in chemistry, biology, or computer science, are at least A and/or 1 Both 'Mathematics' and 'Further Mathematics' are accepted. EPFL considers that level B2 in French (according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages ) is required to follow its Bachelor's programs. Level C1 is highly recommended. Foreign applicants who have not studied French as part of their upper secondary education will need to attest their level upon application. Applicants who are Swiss or reside and study in Switzerland for a professional reason (because they work in Switzerland or because they live with their parents, who work in Switzerland) are accepted in the first year of the Bachelor's programs with grades in mathematics and physics, as well as in chemistry, biology, or computer science, of at least B and/or 2 . They are not subject to the capacity limitation . All other conditions remain unchanged and must be fulfilled. Swiss applicants can be accepted, following the evaluation of their application and within the places available , in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales (foundation year) with a grade in chemistry, biology, or computer science somewhat below B and/or 2 . Applicants who are Swiss or reside and study in Switzerland for a professional reason (because they work in Switzerland or because they live with their parents, who work in Switzerland) and whose British Advanced Levels and/or Scottish Advanced Highers do not meet the requirements listed above can register for our entrance exam (no capacity limitation). Applicants holding international Advanced Levels accredited by a third-party state (CIE, Edexcel, OxfordAQA, LRN) are subject to the admission conditions for holders of an upper secondary school certificate from a country that is not a member of EU, EFTA, nor UK, as described below. Applicants holding international Advanced Levels (CIE, Edexcel, OxfordAQA, LRN) without any state accreditation and/or Pre-Us (CIE, LRN) can only be accepted through the entrance exam . Upper secondary school certificates from a country that is not a member of EU, EFTA, nor UK Applicants holding an upper secondary school certificate from a country that is not a member of EU, EFTA, nor UK can be accepted, following the evaluation of their application and within the places available, in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales (foundation year), provided that their title fulfils all of the following conditions: the certificate is a pre-University title granted on the basis of a general education the certificate is granted after at least twelve years of primary and secondary education (excluding kindergarten), including at least three years of upper secondary education the following subjects were studied during the upper secondary education: 1) mathematics, 2) physics, 3) official language of the country granting the certificate, 4) second modern language, 5) chemistry or biology, 6) history, geography, or economics, and 7) applied mathematics, computer science, philosophy, or third modern language at least six of these seven subjects are present on the final grade transcripts used to determine the award of the certificate, including mathematics and physics mathematics and physics were studied and examined at the highest possible level (see below) and the certificate is in a scientific stream (should streams be offered by the country granting the certificate) the final grades in mathematics and physics are at least 80% of the maximum grade the general average is at least 80% of the maximum grade They may also register for our entrance exam (no condition nor capacity limitation). 'At the highest possible level' means that the numbers of years and hours of study for the given subject are the highest possible in the country of study and, when possible, that the subject was tested as part of the final exams. A subject that combines two fields of study under a single label and with a single average on the grade sheets cannot serve to validate two separate requirements (e.g., physics-chemistry cannot satisfy both requirements of physics and chemistry). Additionally, subjects in non-general history, geography, and philosophy, or in business or office computing are not taken into account. Statistics, descriptive geometry, data visualization, quantitative finance, cryptology are considered applied mathematics. For countries with an upper secondary education system similar to British Advanced Levels (Brunei, Hong Kong, Mauritius, and Singapore) , criteria for admission to the Cours de mathématiques spéciales , following the evaluation of the application and within the places available , are based on those that apply for admission to the first year of the Bachelor's programs of holders of British Advanced Levels, as described above. In some cases, the heading for your country of education in the PDF document 'Conditions to apply for admission to the Cours de mathématiques spéciales at EPFL' provides specific details on the application of the criteria above, for information purposes only. Holders of an upper secondary school certificate from a country that is not a member of EU, EFTA, nor UK and does not appear in that document can only be accepted through the entrance exam . This website is only updated once a year in December and the conditions may therefore not be up to date when our application form opens in November. EPFL considers that level B2 in French (according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages ) is required to follow its Bachelor's programs. Level C1 is highly recommended. Foreign applicants who have not studied French as part of their upper secondary education will need to attest their level upon application. Swiss applicants can be accepted, following the evaluation of their application and within the places available , in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales with a general average somewhat below 80% of the maximum grade. European Baccalaureate from EURSC.eu Applicants holding a European Baccalaureate from EURSC.eu are subject to the same criteria as applicants holding an upper secondary school certificate from a country that is a member of EU or EFTA (other than Switzerland), as described above. International Baccalaureate (IB) from IBO.org Applicants holding an International Baccalaureate (IB) from IBO.org are accepted in the first year of the Bachelor's programs , within the places available (see above) , provided that their title fulfils all of the following conditions: the following subjects were studied and examined within the Diploma Programme (DP) at the higher level (HL): 1) mathematics, 2) physics, and 3) chemistry, biology, or computer science the following subjects were studied and examined within the Diploma Programme (DP) at the standard or higher level (SL or HL): 1) first modern language, 2) second modern language, and 3) history, geography, economics, or philosophy the total number of points scored is at least 38 out of 42 (excluding bonus points) and the grades in mathematics and physics are at least 6 out of 7 Both 'Mathematics: Analysis and approaches' and 'Mathematics: Applications and interpretation' are accepted. EPFL considers that level B2 in French (according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages ) is required to follow its Bachelor's programs. Level C1 is highly recommended. Foreign applicants who have not studied French as part of their upper secondary education will need to attest their level upon application. Applicants who are Swiss or reside and study in Switzerland for a professional reason (because they work in Switzerland or because they live with their parents, who work in Switzerland) are accepted in the first year of the Bachelor's programs with grades in mathematics and physics of at least 5 out of 7 and a total number of points scored of at least 36 out of 42 (excluding bonus points). They are not subject to the capacity limitation . All other conditions remain unchanged and must be fulfilled. Swiss applicants can be accepted, following the evaluation of their application and within the places available , in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales with a total number of points somewhat below 36 out of 42 (excluding bonus points). Applicants who are Swiss or reside and study in Switzerland for a professional reason (because they work in Switzerland or because they live with their parents, who work in Switzerland) and whose International Baccalaureate (IB) does not meet the requirements listed above can register for our entrance exam (no capacity limitation). Bachelor's degree from a Swiss HES/FHS Applicants holding a Bachelor's degree (or other equivalent title) from a Swiss HES/FHS are accepted with no condition nor capacity limitation in the first year of the Bachelor's programs, except in streams of study close to the field of the previously obtained degree. Other higher education in Switzerland or abroad Applicants holding a Bachelor's degree (or other equivalent title) from a Swiss EPF/ETH, cantonal University or HEP/PHS are accepted with no condition nor capacity limitation in the first year of the Bachelor's programs, except in streams of study close to the field of the previously obtained degree. Applicants holding a Master's degree (or other equivalent title) from a Swiss EPF/ETH or cantonal University are accepted with no condition nor capacity limitation in the first year of the Bachelor's programs. Applicants who have successfully completed at least one year in a University stream of study equivalent to those taught at EPFL can apply for admission, following the evaluation of their application, in the second year of a Bachelor's program in a field close to the previously begun stream, provided that they also fulfil the requirements for admission to the first year . Should they be accepted, these applicants will be accepted either in the first year or in the second year with or without restrictions, following the analysis of their application. Admission in the second or third year of a Bachelor's program is granted for a specific field . Transfer to another field is in principle not allowed. Applicants accepted in the second or third year are additionally not eligible to study at another University during the third year of their Bachelor's program ( academic mobility ). EPFL considers that level B2 in French (according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages) is required to follow its Bachelor's programs . Level C1 is highly recommended. Foreign applicants holding a school certificate or diploma from a non-francophone country will need to attest their level upon application. Restrictions and rules of non-admissibility Applicants who do not hold one of the upper secondary school-leaving certificates or higher education diplomas listed above cannot be accepted to a Bachelor's program at EPFL. Individuals who have already begun or completed a study program in a higher-education institution or in a preparatory (or 'foundation') course cannot in principle be accepted in the Cours de mathématiques spéciales . These restrictions do not apply for the entrance exam. Individuals who already hold a Bachelor's degree (or other equivalent title) cannot be accepted in Bachelor's streams close to the field of the previously completed program. Individuals who have left a University stream of study close to the fields taught at EPFL, without having successfully completed their program , may be rejected or accepted with restrictions following the analysis of their application. Individuals who have left a University stream of study close to the fields taught at EPFL, after having definitely failed it or been excluded, cannot be accepted . An absence of success over a period of two years in the same stream is treated like a definitive failure. Individuals who have left more than one University stream of study, regardless of the fields of study, without graduating cannot be accepted. Individuals who cannot be accepted because of prior University studies are also not allowed to register for the entrance exam. About Organization and identity Associated Campuses Data Presidency Vice Presidencies Working at EPFL Recruiting EPFL Talents Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Respect Sustainability News & Media Philanthropy EPFL Alumni Education Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory Year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study Management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education & Science Outreach Infrastructures Under Development Engaging with Society Research Mission and Policy Research Domains EPFL Research Facilities Faculty Members Solutions 4 Sustainability - S4S Awards and Prizes Funding Opportunities Research Management Support From Lab to Market Research Ethics Research with Animals Open Science Innovation Industry Collaboration Innovation Initiatives Startup Launchpad Campus Services & Resources Library Restaurants, Shops & Hotels Security, Prevention & Health Sports Community & Support Chaplaincy Events Arts & Culture Associations Visit EPFL Mobility & Travel Schools & Colleges School of Architecture, Civil & Environmental Engineering ENAC School of Basic Sciences SB School of Engineering STI School of Computer & Communication Sciences IC School of Life Sciences SV College of Management of Technology CDM Practical Services & Resources Emergencies: +41 21 693 3000 Contact Map Follow EPFL on social media Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Mastodon Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy policy © 2025 EPFL, all rights reserved Back to top