Skip to content About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Search on the site Validate Show / hide the search form Search on the site Hide the search form EN FR EN DE IT Menu … Afficher l'intégralité du fil d'Ariane Education Affiche les pages de même niveau About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Laboratories list Admission Affiche les pages de même niveau Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education and Science Outreach Infrastructures under development Engagement with Society Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application Affiche les pages de même niveau Academic queries? Contact Student services desk Frequently asked questions Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application Master admission criteria & application PhD admission criteria & application Auditors to Bachelor and Master courses Auditors to doctoral courses Teaching languages How to apply? Affiche les pages de même niveau How to apply? Entrance examination About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus In the same section How to apply? Entrance examination How to apply? Applications can be submitted from mid-November to the 30th of April to start your studies at EPFL the following September. Documents required on April 30th (step 1) Registration form to be completed, paid for, and submitted on April 30 at the latest All documents must be scanned to PDF (JPEG for the photo) and uploaded to the online form. identity photo (portrait with the face and neck, filling the whole image) with a 3/4 vertical format (minimum 750×1000 pixels, maximum 2 MB). Your face must be centered and clearly visible, with no hat, against a neutral background. The picture must be clear, with no alteration or mark (stamps, signatures, etc.). Photos that do not fulfil the criteria will be rejected. identity document (passport or identity card, both sides) intermediary grade sheets from the last two years of upper secondary education (except for applicants with a Swiss education) when applicable, transcripts from prior higher-education institutions when applicable, Swiss residence permit and certificate for the applicant (and his or her parents if he or she resides in Switzerland with them) language competence certificate in French (except for applicants with a Swiss or francophone education) Please note that we process applications from mid-January approximately and that processing can take several weeks, especially if your application is validated and paid for in April. Documents required on July 10th (step 2) Uploading form to be completed and submitted on July 10 at the latest (September 30 exceptionally for school certificates and diplomas delivered after July 10) All documents must be scanned to PDF and uploaded to the online form. upper secondary school certificate (or higher-education diploma when applicable) if already available transcripts of the upper secondary school certificate (or of the higher-education diploma when applicable) last grade sheet from the upper secondary education when applicable, end-of-matriculation certificate from prior higher-education institutions All documents should be in English, French, German, or Italian . Please join a legalized translation of all documents in another language. Your application will be rejected without these translations. Please note that processing can take several weeks, especially if your application is completed in July. How to pay the application fee Payment is only possible by credit card (Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, UnionPay, Diners/Discover), PayPal, or Twint. Applicants must pay the application fee when his/her application is first submitted (no later than April 30th). These fees are CHF 50.- for a holder of a Swiss certificate or diploma and CHF 150.- for holders of a foreign certificate or diploma. The fee is not refunded in case of non-completion or withdrawal of the application. Rules The application form must be validated and paid for on April 30th at the latest. Application after that deadline is only possible in very specific cases . The admission decision is only valid for the next beginning of an academic year . Applicants who choose not to matriculate and wish to be accepted the following year must apply again. The document attesting the successful completion of the title granting admission to EPFL (most commonly the final transcripts) must be submitted no later than September 30th . Admission is otherwise canceled. Double matriculation at EPFL and at another University is not allowed. Applicants accepted at EPFL after having begun studies at another University must provide, no later than September 30th, proof that they are no longer matriculated at that school. Admission is otherwise canceled. Changing program After admission, it is still possible to switch to another Bachelor's program until the beginning of the academic year . This is not allowed for applicants subject to the limitation of the number of places in the first year , nor for those who are accepted in the second or third year of a Bachelor's program. About Organization and identity Associated Campuses Data Presidency Vice Presidencies Working at EPFL Recruiting EPFL Talents Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Respect Sustainability News & Media Philanthropy EPFL Alumni Education Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory Year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study Management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education & Science Outreach Infrastructures Under Development Engaging with Society Research Mission and Policy Research Domains EPFL Research Facilities Faculty Members Solutions 4 Sustainability - S4S Awards and Prizes Funding Opportunities Research Management Support From Lab to Market Research Ethics Research with Animals Open Science Innovation Industry Collaboration Innovation Initiatives Startup Launchpad Campus Services & Resources Library Restaurants, Shops & Hotels Security, Prevention & Health Sports Community & Support Chaplaincy Events Arts & Culture Associations Visit EPFL Mobility & Travel Schools & Colleges School of Architecture, Civil & Environmental Engineering ENAC School of Basic Sciences SB School of Engineering STI School of Computer & Communication Sciences IC School of Life Sciences SV College of Management of Technology CDM Practical Services & Resources Emergencies: +41 21 693 3000 Contact Map Follow EPFL on social media Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Mastodon Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy policy © 2025 EPFL, all rights reserved Back to top