Skip to content About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Search on the site Validate Show / hide the search form Search on the site Hide the search form EN FR EN DE IT Menu … Afficher l'intégralité du fil d'Ariane Education Affiche les pages de même niveau About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Laboratories list Admission Affiche les pages de même niveau Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education and Science Outreach Infrastructures under development Engagement with Society Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application Affiche les pages de même niveau Academic queries? Contact Student services desk Frequently asked questions Bachelor/CMS admission criteria & application Master admission criteria & application PhD admission criteria & application Auditors to Bachelor and Master courses Auditors to doctoral courses Teaching languages Entrance examination Affiche les pages de même niveau How to apply? Entrance examination About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus In the same section How to apply? Entrance examination Entrance examination In conjunction with the limitation of the number of places in the first year, the EPFL entrance exam is currently open only to holders of a Swiss maturité professionnelle or maturité spécialisée as well as holders of an upper secondary school certificate from a country that is not a member of EU, EFTA, nor UK. Applicants who are Swiss or reside and study in Switzerland for a professional reason (because they work in Switzerland or because they live with their parents, who work in Switzerland) may however register for the entrance exam regardless of their prior education. For more information, please check the relevant section of our Bachelor admission criteria . NEXT SESSION : Exam dates (scientific subjects): from January 18th to 22nd, 2027 Exam dates (general-knowledge subjects): August-September, 2027 Registration period: from October 1st to December 1st, 2026 Withdrawal deadline: January 11th, 2027 Access the registration form (in French) The registration tax for the entrance exam is CHF 150.- for holders of a foreign school-leaving certificate,and CHF 50.- for other applicants. The exam tax is CHF 550.- for the reduced exam and CHF 800.- for the full exam ( Ordonnance du Conseil des EPF sur les taxes perçues dans le domaine des EPF ). Payment is possible by credit card (Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, UnionPay, Diners/Discover), PayPal, or Twint only. Notes 1. Passing the CMS ( Cours de mathématiques spéciales ) is equivalent to passing the entrance examination. 2. We strongly discourage applicants from taking the examination with the baccalaureate or any other secondary education as sole preparation. 3. Applicants for the exam can cancel their participation until the Monday one week before the beginning of the exam (included). After this deadline, we won't refund the exam fee nor report the application to the following year. The cancellation will therefore count as a failure. 4. The registration tax will not be refunded in any case. 5. EPFL decides whether applicants are subject to the full or reduced entrance examination (see program of the entrance examination below, in French), on the basis of their school curriculums, upon analysis of their registration dossiers. 6. Candidates who need to obtain a visa to come to Switzerland to take the tests are responsible for taking the necessary steps as soon as possible. The withdrawal deadline indicated above applies in all cases, and it is therefore recommended that they withdraw if the visa has not been issued by this deadline and arrival in Switzerland is not guaranteed. Useful resources 2027 entrance examination program (scientific subjects) (in French) 2026 entrance examination program (general-knowledge subjects) (in French) 2027 entrance examination schedule (scientific subjects) (in French) Exercises in analysis, linear algebra, analytic geometry, and physics (in French) Course and exercises in trigonometric, logarithmic, and exponential functions (in French) Entrance exam regulation (in French) About Organization and identity Associated Campuses Data Presidency Vice Presidencies Working at EPFL Recruiting EPFL Talents Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Respect Sustainability News & Media Philanthropy EPFL Alumni Education Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory Year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study Management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education & Science Outreach Infrastructures Under Development Engaging with Society Research Mission and Policy Research Domains EPFL Research Facilities Faculty Members Solutions 4 Sustainability - S4S Awards and Prizes Funding Opportunities Research Management Support From Lab to Market Research Ethics Research with Animals Open Science Innovation Industry Collaboration Innovation Initiatives Startup Launchpad Campus Services & Resources Library Restaurants, Shops & Hotels Security, Prevention & Health Sports Community & Support Chaplaincy Events Arts & Culture Associations Visit EPFL Mobility & Travel Schools & Colleges School of Architecture, Civil & Environmental Engineering ENAC School of Basic Sciences SB School of Engineering STI School of Computer & Communication Sciences IC School of Life Sciences SV College of Management of Technology CDM Practical Services & Resources Emergencies: +41 21 693 3000 Contact Map Follow EPFL on social media Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Mastodon Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy policy © 2025 EPFL, all rights reserved Back to top