Skip to content About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Search on the site Validate Show / hide the search form Search on the site Hide the search form EN FR EN DE IT Menu … Afficher l'intégralité du fil d'Ariane Education Affiche les pages de même niveau About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Laboratories list Study management Affiche les pages de même niveau Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education and Science Outreach Infrastructures under development Engagement with Society Rules and procedures Affiche les pages de même niveau Rules and procedures Absences and arrangements Diplomas and official documents Student services Keys to success Individual support Social consultation "Administrative Support" Help desk Psychotherapeutic consultation Immigration formalities Insurance Financing your studies Practical information Prepare yourself for EPFL Teaching languages Affiche les pages de même niveau Study plans and regulations - Bachelor & Master studies Doctoral regulations Study plans and regulations - Continuing Education Academic calendar Internships Minors Master's projects Registering for courses and exams Timetables for courses and exams Requirements for passing Reassessment request and appeal Teaching languages Matriculation of new students Identity data Tuition fees Program transfer End of studies and reregistration Forms - Doctoral School About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus In the same section Study plans and regulations - Bachelor & Master studies Doctoral regulations Study plans and regulations - Continuing Education Academic calendar Internships Minors Master's projects Registering for courses and exams Timetables for courses and exams Requirements for passing Reassessment request and appeal Teaching languages Matriculation of new students Identity data Tuition fees Program transfer End of studies and reregistration Forms - Doctoral School Teaching languages Switzerland has four official languages: French, German, Italian, and Romansh. The official language in the canton de Vaud is French. At EPFL, French is thus the official language for legal texts and decisions. Depending on the level of studies, courses are given in French and/or English (see below). EPFL recommends that applicants beginning their studies at EPFL have a C1 level at minimum in the teaching languages . You will find more information on the Requirements for languages and levels webpage of the EPFL Language Center (CDL). Cours de mathématiques spéciales (CMS) All courses in the preparatory year are given in French. Bachelor Most courses are given in French. In principle, there is a maximum of one course given in English per semester. For some courses in maths and physics, English or German may be offered as an option. From the second year, study plans may include up to 50% of courses given in English. Master Teaching languages vary greatly from one cursus to another. Most Master's programs are taught mainly in English. Others are mainly in French. A detailed presentation is available on the promotion website for the Master's programs . Certificate for teaching languages A generic certificate about teaching languages at EPFL (PDF) can be downloaded and printed by any student or diploma-holder in need of such a document. If need be, this document can be certified (stamped and signed) by the Registrar's Office. No specific certificate can be delivered on this topic. Having followed and completed subjects taught in a given language does not constitute an evaluation of the competence level of the student in that language. Although they do not publish any official information on this matter, experience shows that the authorities in charge of immigration to the United Kingdom do not recognize EPFL study programs taught in English as proof of proficiency in this language. Our students and graduates must therefore use other means of proof to attest their linguistic competences when applying for a visa for that country, such as a language test taken in a language center recognized by these authorities. About Organization and identity Associated Campuses Data Presidency Vice Presidencies Working at EPFL Recruiting EPFL Talents Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Respect Sustainability News & Media Philanthropy EPFL Alumni Education Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory Year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study Management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education & Science Outreach Infrastructures Under Development Engaging with Society Research Mission and Policy Research Domains EPFL Research Facilities Faculty Members Solutions 4 Sustainability - S4S Awards and Prizes Funding Opportunities Research Management Support From Lab to Market Research Ethics Research with Animals Open Science Innovation Industry Collaboration Innovation Initiatives Startup Launchpad Campus Services & Resources Library Restaurants, Shops & Hotels Security, Prevention & Health Sports Community & Support Chaplaincy Events Arts & Culture Associations Visit EPFL Mobility & Travel Schools & Colleges School of Architecture, Civil & Environmental Engineering ENAC School of Basic Sciences SB School of Engineering STI School of Computer & Communication Sciences IC School of Life Sciences SV College of Management of Technology CDM Practical Services & Resources Emergencies: +41 21 693 3000 Contact Map Follow EPFL on social media Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Mastodon Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy policy © 2025 EPFL, all rights reserved Back to top