Skip to content About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Search on the site Validate Show / hide the search form Search on the site Hide the search form EN FR EN DE IT Menu … Afficher l'intégralité du fil d'Ariane Education Affiche les pages de même niveau About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus Laboratories list Study management Affiche les pages de même niveau Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education and Science Outreach Infrastructures under development Engagement with Society Financing your studies Affiche les pages de même niveau Rules and procedures Absences and arrangements Diplomas and official documents Student services Keys to success Individual support Social consultation "Administrative Support" Help desk Psychotherapeutic consultation Immigration formalities Insurance Financing your studies Practical information Prepare yourself for EPFL Scholarships Affiche les pages de même niveau Scholarships Working Discounts EPFL Student Foundation (FEE) About Education Research Innovation Schools Campus In the same section Scholarships EPFL social scholarship Financial emergency support Scholarship for study trips Transitional allowance / tripling of tuition fees Working Discounts EPFL Student Foundation (FEE) Scholarships EPFL need-based scholarships EPFL social scholarship EPFL is dedicated to supporting students, in particular when their financial situation makes it difficult for them to complete their studies. See more Financial emergency support The financial emergency support is a one-time financial assistance intended for students experiencing exceptional and unforeseen financial hardship that suddenly and temporarily comprimises their ability to continue their studies. See more Transitional allowance / tripling of tuition fees Financial support in case of an increase in the tuition fees when transitioning from the EPFL bachelor's degree to the EPFL master's degree See more Scholarship for study trips Students whose section recommend participating in study trips, with an educational purpose can ask for financial support. Exchange students are not entitled to it. See more Need-based scholarships for Swiss students or with C permit Cantonal scholarships These scholarships are for Swiss or foreign students whose parents are living in Switzerland. Prepare your budget for the entire academic year and remember to apply for your cantonal scholarship as soon as possible. In the canton of Vaud , applications can be made from April 1, 2026 for the 2026-2027 academic year. This practice may also apply in other cantons, so please consult the cantonal scholarship offices . Scholarships for Swiss students living abroad Swiss students living abroad must apply to their canton of origin and to educationsuisse . Hasler Foundation This foundation gives grants to students with above-average results, who are permanent resident in Switzerland and only if state grants are not available. More information on their website . Need-based scholarships from Private Foundations Hans Wilsdorf Foundation (students from Geneva) Who can apply? International students : - As of the successful completion of the first year cycle and after spending at least one year at EPFL. - Who are living in the canton of Geneva. Students with swiss nationality, C permit holder, refugee, Swiss secondary education certificate : - As of the CMS. - Who are living in the canton of Geneva or who have applied for a scholarship from the cantonal scholarship office of the canton of Geneva (SBPE). The Hans Wilsdorf fund is managed by EPFL according to the same criteria as EPFL social scholarships. See all the criteria on the EPFL social sholarships webpage . How long does the support last? Per academic year (1 or 2 semesters), that means for 5 months per semester and a maximum of ten months per year of study. When do I need to apply? Request for Autumn 26 and Spring 27 : - New application: 15.07.26 / 15.09.26 - Renewal: 01.05.25 / 15.07.26 / 15.09.26 Request for Spring 2027 : - New and renewal application: 01.12.26 / 15.02.27 When will I receive my money? At the start of each semester What form shoud I use? Tick the "Hans Wilsdorf scholarship" box on the Application form 2026-2027 … For any question: [email protected] Professor Charles Rapin scholarships Who can apply? This fund provides financial support to Master students, among others from a developing country. Only students who succesfully passed their first year at EPFL are eligible. More information on their biography (in French only). The Rapin fund is managed by EPFL according to the same criteria as EPFL social scholarships. See all the criteria on the EPFL social sholarships webpage . How long does the support last? Per academic year (1 or 2 semesters), that means for 5 months per semester and a maximum of ten months per year of study. When do I need to apply? Request for Autumn 26 and Spring 27 : - New application: 15.07.26 / 15.09.26 - Renewal: 01.05.25 / 15.07.26 / 15.09.26 Request for Spring 2027 : - New and renewal application: 01.12.26 / 15.02.27 When will I receive my money? At the start of each semester What form should I use? Tick the "Charles Rapin scholarship" box on the Application form 2026-2027 … For any question: [email protected] Orlando Lauti Foundation (architecture-civil engineering) Who can apply? This foundation offers grants to Bachelor and Master students in the Architecture or Civil Engineering programmes or in the Master in Urban Systems. Only students who have successfully completed a year at EPFL are eligible. Priority will be given to Swiss or Italian nationals. How long does the support last? Per academic year (1 or 2 semesters), that means for 5 months per semester and a maximum of ten months per year of study. When do I need to apply? Request for Autumn 26 and Spring 27 : - New application: 15.07.26 / 15.09.26 - Renewal: 01.05.25 / 15.07.26 / 15.09.26 Request for Spring 2027 : - New and renewal application: 01.12.26 / 15.02.27 When will I receive my money? At the start of each semester What form shoud I use? Lauti application form 2026-2027 Lauti renewal application form 2026-2027 … For any question: [email protected] Fondation Philanthropique des Français de Suisse scholarships Who can apply? - Students from CMS, BA1-2, or students who have been denied an EPFL social scholarship. - Students of French nationality AND resident in Switzerland (must hold a student residence permit). How long does the support last? The duration of support is decided on a case-by-case basis, but generally does not exceed one academic year. When do I need to apply? At any time. Once received, the application is examined by members of the Board within 2 to 3 weeks. Students are usually contacted by phone to discuss their situation. When will I receive my money? Monthly or in one go, depending on the situation. What form should I use? The following forms must be completed: - Grant application form - Budget form and must be sent to: [email protected] … More information: Foundation website Zeno Karl Schindler Foundation (environmental sciences) This foundation supports, encourages researchers and academics of any nationality who develop top research in the fields of engineering and environmental sciences. More information on their website . Charles-Edouard Guillaume Foundation (microengineering) This foundation delivers social scholarships for students in microengineering. More information on the following documents: Charles-Edouard Guillaume Foundation presentation Scholarship presentation Scholarship application form Deadline : 30 September (each year) Excellence fellowships Bachelor excellence fellowships See more Master excellence fellowships See more Swiss Government Excellence Scholarships See more Scholarships for studies abroad Scholarships for studies abroad See more About Organization and identity Associated Campuses Data Presidency Vice Presidencies Working at EPFL Recruiting EPFL Talents Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Respect Sustainability News & Media Philanthropy EPFL Alumni Education Admission Academic Calendar Preparatory Year (CMS) Bachelor Master Doctorate SHS Program Continuing Education - Extension School Study Management International Teaching Educational Initiatives Education & Science Outreach Infrastructures Under Development Engaging with Society Research Mission and Policy Research Domains EPFL Research Facilities Faculty Members Solutions 4 Sustainability - S4S Awards and Prizes Funding Opportunities Research Management Support From Lab to Market Research Ethics Research with Animals Open Science Innovation Industry Collaboration Innovation Initiatives Startup Launchpad Campus Services & Resources Library Restaurants, Shops & Hotels Security, Prevention & Health Sports Community & Support Chaplaincy Events Arts & Culture Associations Visit EPFL Mobility & Travel Schools & Colleges School of Architecture, Civil & Environmental Engineering ENAC School of Basic Sciences SB School of Engineering STI School of Computer & Communication Sciences IC School of Life Sciences SV College of Management of Technology CDM Practical Services & Resources Emergencies: +41 21 693 3000 Contact Map Follow EPFL on social media Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Mastodon Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy policy © 2025 EPFL, all rights reserved Back to top