Skip Navigation Home Menu Academics Campus Life Admissions For … Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni Prospective Students Directory Search People & Pages What Should We Search? Search all of Carleton.edu Just Campus Directory Close Carleton adopts no-loan financial aid policy Beginning in the 2027-28 academic year, Carleton will replace all federal and institutional loans in need-based financial aid packages with grants and scholarships. Learn more about no-loan at Carleton. Jump to navigation menu Student Financial Aid International Students How to Apply for Financial Aid: International Students For international students, your level of aid will be the same for all four years at Carleton. You do not need to annually apply for aid . Given the limited funding available to international students, Carleton will not consider new or revised financial aid applications once you have received your offer of admission. Step 1: Check the box! When you fill out your application for admission, check the box indicating that you intend to apply for financial aid. No separate form is required. Easy. Step 2: CSS Profile OR the free International Student Application for Financial Assistance CSS Profile school code: 6081 Helps us determine financial need. Custodial and noncustodial parents need to complete a CSS profile. $25 fee. Print or save your profile acknowledgment and keep it in your file. Note: While not part of your Carleton financial aid application, all international students must submit a Certification of Finances with their application for admission . This includes students who do not apply for aid. The Certification of Finances demonstrates how much money your family can contribute to your education. Email admissions@carleton.edu with questions on the Certification of Finances. NOTE: The Certification of Finances will be available on your applicant status page only after you have applied to Carleton. Once you have applied to Carleton, you will get login information for your status page and will be able to complete the form there. Key Dates Key Dates October 1 CSS Profile available November 15 Fall Early Decision Deadline January 15 Winter Early Decision & Regular Decision Deadline Quick Links Estimate Your Cost Paying Your Bill Contact Us Aid for Studying Abroad Aid for Music Lessons How to Access and Print your Financial Aid Offer out of Net Partner Student Financial Aid Home Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Apply for Aid New Students Returning Students International Students Transfer Students Veterans and Dependents DACA and Undocumented Students FAFSA Verification Student Employment Connect with Us FAQs & Resources Student Financial Aid Find us on the Campus Map Scoville Hall, Suite 102 One North College St. Northfield, MN 55057 Director: Danielle Hayden Email: financialaid@carleton.edu Phone: Office: 507-222- 4138 Office Hours: Monday-Friday, 8 am-5 pm Student Financial Aid pages maintained by the Web Team This page was last updated on 31 August 2026 One North College St Northfield, MN 55057 USA 507-222-4000 Admissions Academics Athletics About Carleton Employment Giving Directory Map Consumer Information Campus Calendar News Title IX for Alumni for Students for Faculty/Staff for Families Privacy Accessibility Terms of Use Sign In