Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers For International Students Find your purpose here. Join future innovators, leaders and world shapers at one of the Top 100 universities in the world! how to apply Have questions? Our international student recruiters are here to help you navigate the admissions process. Connect to a recruiter Stay updated! Are you a student, teacher or parent? Stay informed on events and key deadlines. Join our contact list Top 4 university in Canada Top 100 university in the world 97% Graduate Employment Rate Learn more at University of Alberta rankings . Programs + Requirements Tap into a world of opportunity with over 200 diverse undergraduate programs. By finding your perfect program and reviewing the requirements, you'll be on your way to joining our vibrant community of 8,000 international students from 156 countries. Search programs Admission requirements Hands-on Research You could meet your mentor and learn from award-winning professors while getting involved in research, as early as your first year of study. Join Research Leaders Work Experience + Careers Work experience built into our degrees makes our graduates some of the most employable in the world. All direct-entry programs allow for practicing skills in real-world settings. Boost Career Prospects Visiting Student Programs If you already study at a university or college level and wish to visit the University of Alberta for a shorter period than a full degree, there's a good chance you can! Explore options Awards + Scholarships As an international student, find out what you might be eligible for! Entrance scholarships Explore the University of Alberta 01 U of A Viewbook Every detail you need to know is here, but you'll also find out what makes our student experience so inspiring, rewarding and life-changing. Viewbooks 02 U of A and Your Country Explore how students from your home country are studying at the U of A! Find specific admission requirements, special scholarships and local connections related to your country. Learn more 03 Virtual Campus Tour Transport yourself to the U of A! This virtual experience gives you an inside look into classrooms, world-class facilities and sought after study spaces at all three campuses. Start virtual tour Chat With a U of A Student Have questions about what it's like to study at the U of A? A student ambassador can tell you! Sign up to get your questions answered. Get chatting Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage