Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers How to Apply How to Apply Undergraduate Admissions Applications Open October 1, 2026 Start Your Application For the best chance at admission, begin on October 1 of your Grade 12 year using your final Grade 11 marks and any available Grade 12 marks. Report all completed and ongoing Grade 11 and 12 courses, as well as those you plan to take. You can also apply for residence directly on your application. Begin your application on October 1 of your Grade 12 year for the best chance at admission. As part of the application process, you will report your final grade 11 marks and any available grade 12 marks, along with any grade 12 courses you are taking and are planning to take. Apply now to join our green and gold community. While you're there - you can also apply to residence directly on your application. Apply now Program Search As a high school student, you can list two program choices on your application - your primary pick and a backup. This gives you the best chance of receiving an admission offer! Explore programs Admissions Requirements To be considered for admission, you must meet the course requirements listed on the program search tool, the minimum average and language proficiencies. Domestic requirements International requirements Questions on how to apply? Check out our video series to help you with the process. Watch Videos The Need- to -Know Key Dates + Deadlines Find important dates and deadlines for Fall undergraduate admissions. View key dates & deadlines Program Choices + Application Fees New to the University Students If you have never attended the University of Alberta, you have the opportunity to select up to two program choices per application. You will first be evaluated for your first-choice program. If you are eligible for your first-choice program, you will receive an offer for that program, and you will not be evaluated for your second-choice program, regardless of whether you choose to accept your first offer or not. You will be evaluated for your second-choice program only if you are not eligible for your first-choice program. Current and Previous U of A Students For students who are currently attending the University of Alberta or have previously attended the University of Alberta, only one program choice per application is permitted. If you wish to be considered for more than one program, an application and application fee are required for each program choice. A nonrefundable application fee is charged for each Application for Admission and Readmission or Internal Transfer form submitted. Online applications are not successfully submitted until the online payment process is completed. The University of Alberta strictly enforces its policy of withholding processing of applications until the appropriate fee has been received. The application fee is a mandatory fee and we do not grant application fee waivers upon request. Transcripts + Documents Depending on what type of student you are, your transcripts may be sent to the university automatically or you may need to arrange to have them sent. Learn about transcripts & documents for domestic students Learn about transcripts and documents for international students Tuition + Fees Get a detailed tuition estimate based on your program choice and living arrangements. Estimate with Cost Calculator What's Next? After You Apply Learn about our evaluation process and how to update your application, check your application status, accept your offer and much more. Scholarships + Awards The U of A distributes over $53 million annually in undergraduate scholarships, awards and financial aid! Live in Residence Thinking about living on-campus? First year students that apply before April 30 are guaranteed on-campus housing! The same guarantee applied to other student groups - check your eligibility and join our vibrant campus community! Get your hands on the good stuff. 01 Book an advising Session Let us help you navigate your university journey. From applications to awards, an advisor will answer your questions. We also offer Indigenous student advising sessions . Book virtual session 02 View Publications Every detail you need to know is here, but you'll also find out what makes our student experience so inspiring, rewarding and life-changing. Publications 03 Tour Campus Whether virtual or in person, we would love to show you around our three beautiful campuses. Book a real-life guided tour or explore online options. Explore our campuses Get help with admissions Our advisors are here to guide you and answer your questions. Explore student advising Stay informed Get updates on events and key dates by joining our contact list! Register for updates Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage