Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home How to Apply International Admission Requirements In this section International Admission Requirements International Curricula ELP Exemption International Course Equivalencies Agents, Consultants + Representatives International Admission Requirements Admission is based on your complete academic history and achievement in three main areas: completion of required subjects, your English proficiency, and your grades. In addition to accepting many different international curricula, the U of A allows advanced standing or transfer credit for certain courses. How to Apply International Curricula The U of A accepts and evaluates a variety of international curricula. Advanced Placement International Baccalaureate GCE Advanced Level Indian Curricula West African Examination Council (WAEC) American System Chinese System Vietnamese System All Accepted Curricula Completion of Five Academic Subjects Students applying for admission from high school must show that they have or will have successfully completed five academic subjects. The academic subjects you need to present will vary by program and faculty. Find out which subjects you will need to present for your program of choice with the program finder . English Language Proficiency There are a few ways to show you meet the U of A's English language requirement. You can: complete a test of English Language Proficiency and earn the minimum score required by the U of A complete certain courses that have been approved by the U of A and achieving a certain minimum grade in that course complete previous education in English as recognized by the U of A complete the U of A's Bridging Program. If you select a program related to Health Sciences or Education, you will be required to meet the Spoken English Proficiency requirement. Language Requirements Grades The minimum admission average to be accepted to the U of A varies depending on the faculty and program of your choice. The averages change each year. Subjects are categorized into a few groups: English, Group A (Humanities/Social Sciences), Group B (Fine Arts), and Group C (Mathematics and Sciences). Each program will have a different selection of required courses. Competitive Requirements Application Fee In order to submit your application, you must submit an application fee of either CAN $150 (for new applicants to the U of A) or CAN $100 (for current or previous U of A students). This application fee is non-refundable. Please note: The application fee varies for professional program applications; please check their website for more information. Consider the Year One Foundation Program If you are an international student who would like to study at the U of A but don't meet all the requirements (e.g. have all the required courses), you can apply to join our Year One Foundation Program . This is a full-time, on-campus program that sets you up to enter a degree program in your second year. Learn more » Apply to the U of A Check out the requirements and get ready to apply for undergraduate study. Applying to the U of A Chat with a Current U of A Student Want to know more about U of A campus life and the international student experience? Ask one of our current students! Chat with a U of A Student Connect with Us Students, teachers or parents looking to stay informed and keep up to date on events, key dates and deadlines can join our contact list. Register for Updates Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage