Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home How to Apply Admission Requirements Language Requirements In this section Language Requirements Bridging Program Language Requirements for Undergraduate Applicants On this page: English Language Proficiency Spoken English Language Proficiency French Language Proficiency English Language Proficiency Requirements Spoken English Proficiency Requirements Submitting ELP/SEP Documentation Bridging Program Not an undergraduate student? See English Language Proficiency for graduate students . All undergraduate applicants, regardless of citizenship status, are required to fulfill language proficiency requirements. The University of Alberta language proficiency policies exist to ensure students have the requisite skills to succeed in the university learning environment. Fulfillment of the listed requirements does not guarantee admission. The University of Alberta reserves the right to use discretion in determining language proficiency. In some cases, additional English language testing, conducted by the Faculty of Extension, may be required. English Language Proficiency (ELP) English is the primary language of instruction and communication for all programs at the University of Alberta (excluding our French-language Campus Saint-Jean). All undergraduate applicants to English-speaking and bilingual programs need an adequate level of English Language Proficiency prior to admission regardless of citizenship status or country of origin. English Language Proficiency can be met through coursework, years of full-time study, language tests (like IELTS, Duolingo, etc) or by studying in ELP exempt countries and institutions who satisfy the requirements. See Table 1 below or the University Calendar for more information on requirements and ways to meet ELP. Spoken English Language Proficiency (SEP) Spoken English Proficiency is required in some programs at the University of Alberta, such as the Faculty of Education and in some Health Science-related fields (such as Nursing). See Table 2 below or the University Calendar for more information on requirements and ways to meet SEP. French Language Proficiency (FLP) French is the primary language of instruction at Campus Saint-Jean . All applicants to Campus Saint-Jean must demonstrate proficiency in both written and spoken French (Compétence dans la langue française). For more information, see the University Calendar » . Please note: Some programs in the Faculty of Education and in Health Science-related fields (such as Nursing) will require both English Language Proficiency and Spoken English Proficiency. Table 1: English Language Proficiency Requirements High School Final Examination High School Final Examination Method Requirement Documentation Required English Language Arts 30-1 (For students in Alberta or NWT only) 75% or higher final blended grade (includes coursework and diploma provincial exam marks.) Completion of the ELA 30-1 diploma exam is a mandatory component. Evaluated using final official transcripts. For Alberta students, final transcripts will be automatically sent from Alberta Education to the UofA. No action is required. For students in NWT, ensure your final transcript is sent directly to the University. IB English: A Literature, or English A: Language & Literature 5 or better Final Grade sent from IBO IB English B 6 or better Final Grade sent from IBO AP English 4 or better Final Grade sent from College Board GCE Advanced Level (A-level) or Advanced Subsidiary Level (AS-level), GCSE, IGCSE or O-level English Language or Literature course (Second Language English IGCSE is not accepted) B/6 or better Final official grade All India Senior Secondary School Certificate (ISSC) Functional English, issued by the Central Board of Secondary Education 80% or better Final Grade issued by exam board All India Senior Secondary School Certificate (ISSC) Core English, issued by the Central Board of Secondary Education 75% or better Final Grade issued by exam board Indian School Certificate (ISC) English, issued by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) 75% or better Final Grade issued by exam board NCUK EAP or EAPPU module An overall grade of B with a minimum of C in each individual skills Final and official grades must be issued by NCUK and include grades for all components: Writing, Reading, Listening, Speaking, and Overall. English Language Exams (IELTS/TOEFL/Duolingo/etc) English Language Exams (IELTS/TOEFL/Duolingo/etc) Method Requirement Documentation Required TOEFL Internet-Based Test (iBT) In-person, paper, home edition accepted. TOEFL Essential is not accepted. The University of Alberta is an official test center for TOEFL. For tests taken before January 21, 2026: Total score of 90 with no section less than 21 For tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, only the 1-6 score scale is considered: Overall score of at least 4.5, with no individual band score below 4.5 Completion through successful ELP language test results. See additional information for Submitting ELP/SEP and other considerations below IELTS (Academic) In-person or IELTS Online A score of at least 6.5 on the IELTS Academic (International English Language Testing System) with no band less than 6.0. The University of Alberta does not accept IELTS One Skill Retake (OSR) results for admissions. If your IELTS Academic test results in one sitting do not meet our requirements, you can consider taking another IELTS Academic test, or consider other ways to meet our English language requirement." Duolingo English Test - currently valid through to 2028-2029 admission cycle At least 120 for English Language Proficiency, with no integrated subscore below 100. (Individual subscores are not applicable) Canadian Academic English Language Assessment - CAEL (paper) or CAEL CE (online) A score of at least 70, with no band less than 60 CAE (Certificate in Advanced English, also known as Cambridge English: Advanced) At least 180, with no less than 170 in each skill CPE (Certificate of Proficiency in English, also known as Cambridge English: Proficiency) At least 180, with no less than 170 in each skill PTE (Academic) (Pearson Test of English Academic) At least 61, with no less than 60 in each communicative skill Previous Education in English (Years of Study) Previous Education in English Method Requirement Documentation Required Three or more years of full-time education in English in Canada or another country/institution where English is recognized as the official/primary language of instruction. Successful completion with at least 5 academic, for-credit courses taken per year in those three years. Alberta Grade 12 (or equivalent) if secondary education is the highest level completed, or if a combination of secondary and post-secondary is used. We only consider courses that were taken for credit, and we will not consider courses that were failed or English as a Second Language (ESL) and English-language Learner (ELL) courses in the 5 course per year calculation. Evaluated using Final Official transcripts. Checklist item will remain until evaluation is completed. Additional resources: Submitting Transcripts and Documents Countries and Universities that satisfy ELP Graduation from a degree program offered by an accredited university at which English is the primary language of instruction. The institution must be located in a country where English is the primary language. Final Official Transcripts For ELP exemptions, refer to Countries and Universities that satisfy ELP Successful completion of three years of full-time education at a school that is an accredited member of the Council of International Schools . You must have completed the senior or grade 12 level English Language or Literature Course (non-ESL) with a passing grade. Successful completion of three years of full-time study at a school with appropriate US regional accreditation. You must complete the senior or Grade 12 level English Language or Literature course (non ESL) with a passing grade. Post-Secondary Coursework Post-Secondary Coursework Method Requirement Documentation Required ✮6 credits of university-level English studies completed at a recognized English-language institution (must be transferable as 6 credits of English at the University of Alberta) B+ or better Successful completion University of Alberta EAP 136 and INT D 137 (formerly EAP 136 and 137) Successful completion Table 2: Spoken English Proficiency Requirements English Language Exams English Language Exams Method Requirement Documentation Required TOEFL Internet-Based (iBT) For tests taken before January 21, 2026: Minimum score of 26 in the Speaking section For tests taken on or after January 21, 2026, only the 1-6 score scale is considered: Minimum Speaking score of 5.0 Completion upon successful ELP/SEP language test results IELTS (Academic) - (International English Language Testing System) In-person or IELTS Online. IELTS One Skill Retake (OSR) is not accepted. Minimum score of 7.5 in the Speaking section Duolingo English test - this option is valid until 2028/2029 admission cycle Overall 140 with no integrated subscore below 120. (Individual subscores are not applicable) Previous Education in English Previous Education in English Method Requirement Documentation Required Six years of full-time education in English in Canada or another country or institution where English is recognized as the official/primary language of instruction. Successful completion - must include Alberta Grade 12 (or equivalent) if secondary education is the highest level completed, or if a combination of secondary and post-secondary is used. May be consecutive or non consecutive years of study. Final Official transcripts. May also require additional information as requested by Admissions. Submitting ELP/SEP Documentation Official deadlines for submitting ELP/SEP documentation are August 1 for high school applicants and June 15 for post-secondary transfer applicants , or as soon as possible for students with special cases. Students with Special Cases: The following applicants must meet ELP/SEP before their application is evaluated. We recommend submitting your documentation to fulfill this requirement as soon as possible in your application process. Students who have already completed their high school studies Students applying to specific programs in Open Studies or Doctor of Pharmacy (Entry to Practice - post-secondary transfer applicants only) For more information on how to submit ELP/SEP documentation, see Transcripts and Documents. Submitting Official Transcripts For students currently studying in Alberta, we will receive your official high school transcripts directly from Alberta Education. For students in other provinces, territories, or outside of Canada, you are responsible for ensuring your transcripts are sent to the University of Alberta once you have completed your studies . Official documentation must be sent directly to the Office of the Registrar by mail or to transcripts@ualberta.ca from the issuing institution (high school, postsecondary institution, or governmental organization) directly. Mailing address: University of Alberta Office of the Registrar University Commons Edmonton, AB, Canada T6G 2R3 Documents issued in a language other than English or French must be accompanied by an official English translation (done by a certified translator anywhere in the world). Only an English translation will be accepted. Translations into any other languages will not be accepted. If a document is originally issued in French, a translation is not required. If your institution is not able to mail your documents on your behalf, they can seal them into an envelope and you can mail the envelope to the Office of the Registrar yourself. Faxed documents will not replace the official and complete documents required. U of A reserves the right to require that an original copy be sent by postal mail if the faxed copy does not meet our requirements. All of the documents submitted in support of your application for admission become the property of the University of Alberta and will not be returned. Do not submit irreplaceable documents unless otherwise requested. If documents are irreplaceable, please arrange to have them certified and submit only the certified true copies. A certified true copy is a photocopy of an original document that has been verified and certified (stamped and signed) as a true copy of the original document Certified true copies must be authorized by the issuing institution (e.g. a ministry of education office, university, college, or school). Certified true copies that are authorized by a governmental notary public agency in the issuing country may be considered. In the event that a certified true copy is presented, the Registrar's office reserves the right to request the original document for verification upon your arrival on campus. Transcripts + Documents Submitting Language Test Results Important note: Language test results more than two years old will not be accepted. There are multiple methods you can submit your language test result to the U of A including, directly from the testing centre, through Launchpad, or through the Student Service Portal. If you have already received an offer of admission or have completed your studies, you cannot upload documents into Launchpad. Please have your testing centre submit your results directly or submit a copy through our Student Service Portal. Processing times may vary, but please allow 2-4 weeks for processing. Testing Centre: IELTS, Duolingo, TOEFL, and other testing centres may offer the option to send your results directly to the U of A. It may take approximately 2-4 weeks for this to be reflected in your Launchpad account due to mailing and processing time. Launchpad: If the upload option is available in Launchpad, students may submit an electronic copy of their language test results or IELTS Test Report Form into Launchpad. Please make sure that the electronic copy is legible and it contains your Test Report Form number. Student Service Portal: If the upload option is not available in Launchpad or you are re-submitting new test scores, submit a general inquiry ticket to our admissions team. Include your CCID and language test results. If at the time of assessment your test result does not meet the requirement, you will receive a message via email notifying you that you have not successfully met English Language Proficiency and/or Spoken English Proficiency requirements. A new checklist item will appear on your Launchpad asking you to submit new official test scores. In case U of A receives notifications from a test administrator that your test scores are no longer valid (e.g. Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic scores being on hold/revoked), we reserve the right to revoke your admission offer made by using the invalid test results. Bridging Program The University of Alberta has five faculties that offer a Bridging Program designed for applicants who meet all other admission requirements for their program of choice, except for English Language Proficiency (ELP). The Bridging Program allows eligible students to complete the ELP requirement by taking English for Academic Purposes (EAP) courses during their first year of study, while also being eligible to enroll in academic courses and earn credit toward their degree. Please note: not all programs in these faculties offer the Bridging Program Faculties offering the Bridging Program include: Faculty of Agricultural, Life and Environmental Sciences (ALES) Faculty of Arts Faculty of Kinesiology, Sport and Recreation (KSR) Faculty of Native Studies Augustana Campus (located in Camrose, Alberta) Learn more about the Bridging Program How to Apply On this page: English Language Proficiency Spoken English Language Proficiency French Language Proficiency Application Deadline English Language Proficiency Requirements Spoken English Proficiency Requirements Submitting ELP/SEP Documentation Bridging Program Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage