Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home How to Apply Admission Requirements Competitive Requirements In this section Admission Requirements Competitive Requirements Language Requirements Alberta CTS Courses Provincial Equivalents Competitive Requirements Competitive Admission We encourage all students to apply early, as admission to the University of Alberta is competitive, works on a rolling basis and space in each program is limited. The University of Alberta offers a range of programs, each with their own set of course requirements and admission averages, which vary from year to year. Specific admission averages are not available, but admission-average trends reflecting the last three admission cycles are listed below. We encourage students to treat these averages as a benchmark to gauge their potential eligibility for admission and to support their selection of program choices on their application for admission. However, they do not serve as a guarantee for future admission. How to Apply Admission Factors Every applicant and enrolment cycle is unique, which is why we assess applications on an ongoing basis. It creates an opportunity to adjust what is considered a competitive application throughout the admissions period (October 1 - August 31) based on a variety of factors, such as: the number of qualified applicants to a particular program the averages presented by applicants that year program capacity. Get Started To be considered for admission, applicants need to: have the required courses for their program meet the minimum requirements for their program complete an application for admission pay the application fee. Select Second-Choice Program To increase your chances of receiving an offer of admission, select a second-choice program on your application that has a lower historical competitive average range. Applicants who are not accepted into their first-choice program will be assessed for their second-choice program if listed. Minimum Requirements Admission is competitive; meeting the minimum requirements does not guarantee admission. Students who receive an offer of admission must meet the minimum requirements in all subjects and must meet all conditions stated in the admission offer letter in order to remain admissible. Minimum Grades Required for Average Calculation Grade 11 subject mark: 60% or above Grade 12 subject mark: 50% or above 70% minimum average across five required subjects, based on the program you are applying to . HIGH SCHOOL Admission-Average Ranges: Three-Year Trend The following admission-average ranges reflect the past three admission cycles. Admission is competitive. Meeting these requirements does not guarantee admission. The University of Alberta strives to recruit First Nations, Métis and Inuit learners, and has equity averages to improve access to education for prospective First Nations, Métis and Inuit applicants. Contact our Indigenous Recruitment Team at indigenous@ualberta.ca to learn more. Agricultural, Life + Environmental Sciences Low 70s to low 80s Arts Arts - Low to mid 70s Bachelor of Arts Criminology - High 80s to low 90s Bachelor of Arts (Drama) / Bachelor of Education in Secondary Education Combined - Low to high 80s Bachelor of Arts Honors - Mid 80s to low 90s Bachelor of Arts (Planning) - Low to mid 80s Augustana Low 70s Business Mid to high 80s Campus Saint-Jean Low 70s* *For Nursing program averages see Nursing. Education Elementary - Mid 70s to low 80s Secondary (Art, Drama, Music) - Low 70s to low 80s Secondary (Others) - Low 70s to mid 90s Engineering Mid 80s to low 90s Kinesiology, Sport, + Recreation For students attending one of our Collaboration Transfer Programs please refer to our Collaborative Program web page . Bachelor of Kinesiology - Mid to high 80s Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology - Mid to high 80s Bachelor of Kinesiology / Bachelor of Education Combined - Mid 80s to low 90s Bachelor of Arts in Recreation, Sport and Tourism - Mid to high 70s Native Studies Low to mid 70s Nursing Bachelor of Science in Nursing - High 80s to low 90s Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Bilingual Program - Mid 80s to low 90s Science Low 80s to mid 90s * Bachelor of Health Sciences (BHSc) program : As this is a new program, a three-year historical average is not yet available; however, admission is still competitive. AGPA Ranges The following AGPA range reflects transfer admissibility from previous admission cycles . Admission is competitive. Meeting these requirements does not guarantee admission. AGPAs change annually and within each admission cycle. If you would like to book an advising session to learn more about admissibility requirements for transfer students, please visit our Prospective Student Advising web page to book an appointment. Agricultural, Life & Environmental Sciences Agricultural, Life & Environmental Sciences - 2.2 to 2.7 (for all programs except those listed below) Bachelor of Science in Nutrition & Food Science with Specialization in Dietetics - 3.0 and above Bachelor of Science (Honors) - 3.0 and above Arts Arts - 2.0 to 2.3 (for all programs except those listed below) Bachelor of Arts, Planning Major - 3.4 and above Bachelor of Arts in Criminology - 3.2 and above Bachelor of Arts (Honors) - 3.0 to 3.3 Bachelor of Arts (Drama) / Bachelor of Education (Secondary) - 2.5 and above Augustana Augustana - 2.0 to 2.3 Business Business - 2.5 and above Campus Saint-Jean Campus Saint-Jean - 2.0 and above (for all programs except those listed below) Baccalauréat - ès - Arts avec spécialisation - 3.0 and above Baccalauréat en Éducation élémentaire (après - diplôme) - 2.0 and above Baccalauréat en Éducation secondaire (après - diplôme) - 2.0 and above Baccalauréat bilingue en Administration des affaires - 2.5 and above Education Education Bachelor of Education, Elementary - 2.0 and above Bachelor of Education, Elementary (After Degree) - 2.0 and above Bachelor of Education, Secondary (Majors in Art, Chemistry, CTS: Comp Sci, Drama, SL French, SL Spanish, Math, Music, Physical Sciences, Physics) - 2.0 to 2.5 and above Bachelor of Education, Secondary (Majors in English Language Arts, Social Studies) - 3.2 and above Bachelor of Education, Secondary (Majors in General Science, Biological Sciences) - 3.0 and above Bachelor of Education, Secondary (Major in Physical Education) - 3.4 and above Bachelor of Education, Secondary (All Other Majors) - 2.0 to 2.5 and above Engineering Please refer to the Faculty Transfer Admission web page. Kinesiology, Sport, & Recreation Kinesiology, Sport, & Recreation Bachelor of Kinesiology - 2.6 and above Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology - 2.6 and above Bachelor of Kinesiology / Bachelor of Education, Elementary - 3.6 and above Bachelor of Kinesiology / Bachelor of Education, Secondary - 3.6 and above Bachelor of Arts in Recreation, Sport and Tourism - 2.0 and above Native Studies Native Studies - 2.0 and above Nursing Nursing Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Collaborative Degree and After Degree - 3.3 and above Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Honors (includes After Degree Honors) - 3.5 and above Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Bilingual Program - 3.2 and above Science Science - 2.3 and above (for all programs except those listed below) Bachelor of Science Specialization/Bachelor of Education (Secondary) - 2.3 and above Bachelor of Science (Honors) - 3.0 and above Bachelor of Science, Neuroscience - 3.3 and above Bachelor of Science, Neuroscience (Honors) - 3.3 and above Competitive GPAs for Professional Programs These programs require pre-professional (university-level) study. Law (JD) Law (JD) Competitive Requirements (previous year) Average GPA: 3.8 Average LSAT Score: 161 Medicine (MD) Medicine (MD) Competitive Requirements (previous year) Alberta Residents: Minimum competitive GPA to apply: 3.3 Minimum MCAT score: 124 in all categories (CPBS, CARS, BBFL, PSBB) Non-Alberta Residents: Minimum competitive GPA to apply: 3.5 Minimum MCAT score: 128 in CARS and 124 in CPBS, BBFL and PSBB Medical Laboratory Science Medical Laboratory Science Competitive Requirements (previous year) Minimum GPA to apply: 2.7 Competitive GPA: 3.4 Dentistry (DDS) Dentistry (DDS) Overall GPA (OGPA) is NOT used to competitively rank applicants. Applicants that present at least an OGPA of 3.3 will be considered for admission selection. For competitive averages for other admission criteria, please visit DDS Admission Statistics . Information about DDS admissions can be found at uab.ca/dds . Dental Hygiene Dental Hygiene Applicants that present a minimum Overall GPA (OGPA) of 2.7 to be considered for admission selection. OGPA is used competitively to rank candidates along with other admission criteria. For current competitive averages, please visit Dental Hygiene Admission Statistics . Information about Dental Hygiene admissions can be found at uab.ca/dhyg . Dietetics Dietetics Competitive Requirements (previous year) Minimum GPA to apply: 2.8 Competitive GPA: 3.0 Radiation Therapy Radiation Therapy Competitive Requirements (previous year) Average GPA: 3.2 Pre-MMI GPA: 3.4 Pharmacy (PharmD) Pharmacy (PharmD) Competitive Requirements (previous year) Minimum GPA to apply: 3.0 Competitive GPA: 3.7 Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage