Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home Tuition, Scholarships + Financial Support International Tuition + Fees In this section Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships International Entrance Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Cost Calculator We understand one of the big questions on your mind is likely, "how much will it cost?". There are many factors that impact the cost of university, including program and living arrangements, so we recommend using our cost calculator to get an estimate specific to you! Cost Calculator Tuition Guarantee International undergraduate students will receive a tuition guarantee (annual and program total) for the duration of their program. This means you know the full tuition cost for your program before you accept your offer. Tuition Model Payment Options We offer several convenient payment options for admission-related fees and deposits: Application Fee The $150 or $100 (for current or former students) non-refundable application fee for new students must be paid at the time of application . Accepted payment methods are MasterCard, Visa, Visa Debit, Amex and Discover. Tuition Deposit For most new applicants, the $5,000 tuition deposit is required in order to accept the admission offer, receive your Provincial Attestation Letter, which you need for your study permit application and become eligible to register in courses. For students already studying in Canada the tuition deposit is $1,000. Please note: Some types of applicants are exempt from having to accept their offer and/or pay the tuition deposit. See the list of exemptions The tuition deposit can be paid in the U of A Launchpad via online banking or credit card or through our payment partners . Tuition Fees Tuition fees are due by the fee deadline each semester (typically late September for Fall and late January for Winter). For more information, see tuition payment options . The Costs There are four main factors that will influence how much your degree will cost. Instructional (Tuition) Fees These cover the cost of your courses and instruction. Different programs will have different costs. Non-Instructional Fees These cover various student services and benefits. Books + Supplies Every course has required reading and textbooks; the cost can vary greatly for each course or program. The cost outlined in the first-year estimate table is an estimated average only. Living Arrangement Whether you choose to live at home, in residence or off campus will impact the overall cost of your degree. The Perks Health Benefits + Services By default, you'll be enrolled for health and dental coverage through Alumo (formerly Studentcare). You'll also have access to the University Health Centre and Counselling and Clinical Services . Student Services There are many student services on campus, including the Academic Success Centre , the Career Centre , the Math and Applied Sciences Centre and Student Success and Experience . Fitness Facilities As a student you'll get access to many fitness and recreation facilities , including our 60-foot indoor climbing wall at the Physical Activity and Wellness Centre. Apply to the U of A Check out the requirements and get ready to apply for undergraduate study. Applying to the U of A Chat with a Current U of A Student Want to know more about U of A campus life and the international student experience? Ask one of our current students! Chat with a U of A Student Connect with Us Students, teachers or parents looking to stay informed and keep up to date on events, key dates and deadlines can join our contact list. Register for Updates Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage