Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home Tuition, Scholarships + Financial Support International Entrance Scholarships In this section International Entrance Scholarships President's International Distinction Scholarship Winners International Transfer Scholarships International Entrance Scholarships Did you know that one in five first-year students receives a scholarship? Learn about the admission-based and application-based scholarship opportunities below and see what may be available for you. Whether you're a scholastic achiever, community leader or well-rounded student, the U of A awards $53 million each year in undergraduate scholarships, awards and financial support to all kinds of students. Current students or transfer students should visit our Undergraduate Scholarships web page . Admission-based scholarships - no scholarship application required! You could be starting with scholarships you don't even have to apply for! You will be evaluated for these scholarships when you apply for admission. Your eligibility will be based on your high school admission average at the time of your admission offer. We'll assess you for a match to the following and many more. If you are eligible for an admission-based scholarship, we will contact you directly. International Admission Scholarship Top students could receive up to CAN $10,000 based on admission average. Regional Excellence Scholarship Top students from certain regions could receive up to CAN $5,000 based on admission average. Application-based scholarships - apply early! There are even more scholarships and awards for all types of students. Not sure what scholarships you're eligible for? No problem! Fill out our single scholarship application and based on your background, experiences, academics and interests, we'll assess you for a match to the following and many more. You must apply to an undergraduate degree program before you can apply for any entrance scholarships. The deadline for application-based scholarships is January 10. Check out some of our tips about how to apply or visit our scholarship application form to get started. Offers will be made starting in early winter. President's International Distinction Scholarship Each year 25 students with a superior admission average and demonstrated leadership qualities entering their first year of an undergraduate degree on a student visa permit receive up to CAN $120,000 (payable over 4 years). Chan Pang Kuen Memorial International Distinction Scholarship Students with a superior admission average and demonstrated leadership qualities entering their first year of an undergraduate degree on a student visa permit receive up to CAN $120,000 (payable over 4 years). International Leader Scholarship This scholarship recognizes and rewards well-rounded applicants with superior academics based on their leadership roles and accomplishments in their school, community organizations, extracurricular activities or even in their workplace. Recipients may receive up to CAN $15,000. May Quon Undergraduate Scholarship Students with a superior admission average and self-declared financial need entering their first year of an undergraduate degree on a student visa permit who are Chinese or Hong Kong citizens could receive up to CAN $100,000 (payable over 4 years). Cora Martinson International Scholarship Students with superior academic achievement entering any year of an undergraduate degree program at Augustana Faculty on a student visa permit could receive up to CAN $56,000 (payable over 4 years). Selection is based on academic standing with preference given to students with indicated financial need. University of Alberta Global Citizen Scholarship for IB Diploma International Students from the Aga Khan Academy Students with superior academics, strong International Baccalaureate Diploma academic standing, indicated financial need and demonstrated leadership who will be entering their first year of an undergraduate degree program from Aga Khan Academies operating under the AKA agency of the Aga Khan Development Network, who will be studying in Canada on a student visa permit could receive their total cost of tuition and non-instructional fees for four years, and up to $28,000 per year for living expenses. To request more information for this scholarship, please contact welcome@ualberta.ca . Apply to the U of A Check out the requirements and get ready to apply for undergraduate study. Applying to the U of A Chat with a Current U of A Student Want to know more about U of A campus life and the international student experience? Ask one of our current students! Chat with a U of A Student Connect with Us Students, teachers or parents looking to stay informed and keep up to date on events, key dates and deadlines can join our contact list. Register for Updates Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage