Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home How to Apply After You Apply International Transcripts + Documents In this section After You Apply Accept Your Offer Transcripts + Documents International Transcripts + Documents International Transcripts + Documents Transcripts and test scores supporting your application should be submitted as soon as possible. No admission decisions are made until all required documents are received. Using the University of Alberta Launchpad You can log in to the U of A Launchpad (where you applied to the U of A) to access your Checklist, which will tell you which documents you must submit in order to complete your U of A application. Only the documents listed on your Checklist are required as part of the admissions process. If you are still in high school we require your final-year course registrations as well as your previous years results. You should review your Checklist regularly because new items may be added while your file is being reviewed. Do not submit any unsolicited/unrequested documentation as it will not be reviewed and it will be destroyed. Please note that submitting unsolicited/unrequested documentation or submitting the same document multiple times will delay the processing of your application. The U of A Launchpad General Documentation Requirements Documents issued in a language other than English or French must be accompanied by an official English translation (done by a certified translator anywhere in the world). Only an English translation will be accepted. Translations into any other languages will not be accepted. If a document is originally issued in French, a translation is not required. Course descriptions do not require an official, notarized translation. View instructions on how to correctly submit course descriptions in the FAQ section at the bottom of this page. . Official documentation must be sent directly to the Office of the Registrar (mailing address below) from the issuing institution (high school, post-secondary institution or governmental organization) directly. If your institution is not able to mail your documents on your behalf, they can seal them into an envelope and you can mail the envelope to the Office of the Registrar yourself. Faxed documents will not replace the official and complete documents required. The U of A reserves the right to require that an original copy be sent by postal mail if the faxed copy does not meet our requirements. All of the documents submitted in support of your application for admission become the property of the U of A and will not be returned. Do not submit irreplaceable documents unless otherwise requested. If documents are irreplaceable, please arrange to have them certified and submit only the certified true copies. A certified true copy is a photocopy of an original document that has been verified and certified (stamped and signed) as a true copy of the original document. Certified true copies must be authorized by the issuing institution (e.g., a ministry of education office, university college or school). Certified true copies that are authorized by a governmental notary public agency in the issuing country may be considered. In the event that a certified true copy is presented, the Office of the Registrar reserves the right to request the original document for verification upon your arrival on campus. FAQ When should I submit my documents? I am currently attending high school or a post-secondary institution. Please do not submit any documents prior to completing your application. Once you submit your application you will be able to upload electronic copies of most of your documents through your Launchpad portal. We will use these electronic documents to evaluate your application. If admitted, you will be required to submit final documents before the document deadline , normally: August 1 for high school applicants June 15 for post-secondary transfer applicants See document deadlines for more information Remember to include your name and seven-digit UAlberta ID number in all correspondence. I am done attending high school or a post-secondary institution. Please do not submit any documents prior to completing your application. Once you submit your application, please arrange to have your official transcripts and documents sent as soon as possible as we will require them to evaluate your application. How do I submit my test scores? Once your official test scores are received, it may take an advisor several weeks to review your test scores and update your application. English Language Proficiency Official IELTS and TOEFL scores can be uploaded through your Launchpad portal. For all other language tests, please request your official test results to be sent to the U of A directly, to the address above. CASPer When signing up for this test, you will be asked which institution you would like your official test results to be sent. Make sure to select the U of A. You also need to select the program you are applying to. College Board Our institution code to send official College Board results (SAT, AP) is 0963. How do I submit course descriptions? It is your responsibility to ensure that course descriptions are provided for any post-secondary coursework completed outside of Canada . Course descriptions must include the following: Course content: a brief description of key principles/theories/processes to be covered for each course. Credit weight and grading scale information for each course if this is not already provided on the official transcript. Course sections: lecture, laboratory and/or seminar for each course. Hours per week for each section. Duration in weeks OR start/end dates for each course. If course descriptions are in another language other than English or French, translations must be provided in English. If course descriptions are provided by the home institution, only descriptions for courses listed on transcripts will be accepted; complete program calendars, syllabi or catalogs are not acceptable. You can self-report (free-type) in one document your course descriptions if you are unable to obtain them from your institution. Do not submit course syllabi unless requested. Course descriptions must be compiled and uploaded in one document . Course descriptions do not need to be certified or notarized. Be aware of the due date for International Course Descriptions; check with your faculty. Please note: Late submissions will delay evaluation. Example Humanities 200 Course Details: Course Career: Undergraduate Units: 3.00 Course Components: Lecture, Seminar Faculty: Arts Department: Global Studies Enrollment Information: Single Term (14 weeks) Description: An introduction to the scope of challenges facing society today, presented in an interdisciplinary setting. Insights from various disciplines will be brought together to understand and explore various core social problems, studying case studies of broad social significance. Seminar-style discussions and collaborative work will be employed in various projects. Prerequisite: A minimum of *15 from any faculty. Where do I send my documents? If you are currently attending high school or a post-secondary institution, you can upload electronic copies of your documents through your Launchpad portal. Final, official documents can be mailed directly from the institution to: University of Alberta Office of the Registrar University Commons Edmonton, AB, Canada T6G 2R3 If your institution isn't able to send a hard copy of the document, they can email an electronic copy to transcripts@ualberta.ca . The document must be sent from the issuing institution's email address. Documents sent by students will not be accepted. What is the phone number for courier shipping forms? The phone number for courier shipping forms is: 1-780-492-3113 What is the fax number to fax documents? The fax number is: 780-492-7172 Please be advised that faxed documents are not considered official documents. Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage