Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home Tuition, Scholarships + Financial Support Entrance Scholarships In this section Entrance Scholarships Tips for Scholarship Applications Professional Entrance + Transfer Scholarships Entrance Award Recipients Entrance Scholarships On this page: Scholarships + Awards Applying for Scholarships Application-Based Scholarships Other Application-Based Awards Admission-Based Scholarships Eligibility Requirements After You Apply Josh is a first-year Forest Business Management student and a 2026 recipient of the prestigious Schulich Leader Scholarship, awarded to some of the top high school students in Canada. See what scholarships you may be eligible for and apply today! Apply via Awards Hub Scholarships + Awards How to Apply Apply for admission to your desired program to receive a CCID and password to apply for scholarships. Please note it can take two to three business days for a CCID to be generated. Apply for scholarships . Review our Tips for Applying web page before getting started. For undergraduate students starting at the U of A in September 2027, the scholarship application will open Oct. 1, 2026 and close Jan. 10, 2027. Please visit the respective scholarship web pages if you are a professional entrance or transfer student or a continuing student . If you have a permanent disability and need accessibility support to complete your application, apply for applicant accommodations or contact dosdean@ualberta.ca . What type of student are you? Entrance* I am entering the University of Alberta directly from high school OR I have taken time off between high school and attending the University of Alberta and have received no post-secondary credit during that time Entrance Eligible to apply for entrance scholarships and awards through Awards Hub from Oct. 1 to Jan. 10 Transfer I am entering the University of Alberta directly from another post-secondary institution OR I have taken time off and previously attended another post-secondary institution where I received university credit before entering the University of Alberta Continuing I am a current, returning or convocating undergraduate University of Alberta student OR I am entering an undergraduate Professional Program at the University of Alberta - Doctor of Medicine, Law or Pharmacy Transfer Continuing Eligible to apply for current undergraduate, transfer or professional scholarships and awards through Awards Hub from Feb. 1 to Mar. 31 *Automatic consideration is given for admission-based entrance awards - no application required Help applying for scholarships In these videos, hear from an expert advisor who will explain the scholarship programs available to you, how to apply, tips on writing your application and more. Domestic Students International Students Scholarships 101 Workshops Join our Student Financial Support team to learn more about the University of Alberta's scholarship and awards process. November 13, 2025, 5 - 6 p.m. MST - Register now! December 4, 2025, 5 - 6 p.m. MST - Register now! Application-Based Scholarships Not sure what you're eligible for? No problem! We use a single application form to assess for all application-based awards based on academics, leadership, inclusion and financial need. There truly is an award suited to everyone, so there is no reason not to apply. Examples of scholarships and awards accessible through this competition are: Scholastic Distinction Scholarship High achievers with admission averages of 95%+ and an outstanding application will be assessed for the most prestigious scholarships offered by the U of A. Entrance Leadership Scholarship Well-rounded students with admission averages of 80%+ will be assessed for scholarships to recognize their accomplishments through leadership roles. AP and IB Scholarships Top academic students taking AP courses or an IB Diploma may receive up to $3,500 to recognize their achievements in an academically rigorous program. Fly Home Award Out-of-province Canadian students with a strong sense of community could receive up to $1,500 to help them stay connected to home. Opportunities Awards These awards provide access to the university for students from diverse backgrounds. Awards valued up to $5,000. International Entrance Scholarships For scholarships specifically for international students, including the President's International Distinction Scholarship, visit our International Entrance Scholarships web page . National Achievement Scholarship The top incoming out-of-province Canadian students will receive $30,000, payable over four years. Other Application-Based Awards The following awards have a separate application process. Discover University of Alberta Award This award assists domestic students applying to a U of A undergraduate direct-entry program. To be eligible, applicants must not have completed any post-secondary coursework and must demonstrate financial challenges and barriers to attending university. Up to 30 new students per year will qualify for up to $8,000. For undergraduate students starting at the U of A in September 2027, the scholarship application will open Oct. 1, 2026, and close Feb. 15, 2027. Offers will be made beginning mid-April 2027. Turtle Spirit Pathway Award for First Nations, Métis and Inuit Students This award assists First Nations, Métis and Inuit students applying to a U of A undergraduate direct-entry program or who are currently enrolled in the Transition Year Program . To be eligible, applicants must self-declare as Indigenous and provide copies of approved forms of identity documents , not have completed any post-secondary coursework and demonstrate financial challenges and barriers to attending university. Up to 20 new students per year, with accompanying documentation, will qualify for up to $8,000. For undergraduate students starting at the U of A in September 2027, the scholarship application will open Oct. 1, 2026, and close Feb. 15, 2027. Offers will be made beginning mid-April 2027. For more information about this award, visit our Turtle Spirit Pathway Award web page . Alexander Rutherford Scholarship This scholarship was named in honour of Alexander Rutherford, Alberta's first premier and minister of education, and recognizes the academic achievement of senior high school students. It is valued at up to $2,500. You can apply once your official high school transcript is available and you are enrolled in full-time post-secondary studies. For more information and to submit an application, visit Alberta Student Aid . Once you have applied, you can check the status of your application on your Alberta Student Aid portal. Schulich Leader Scholarship The Schulich Foundation offers this prestigious scholarship for Canadian high school students enrolling in a Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) program in university. It is renewable for up to four years with a total value of $100,000 or $120,000 (depending on the program). For more information on the application and nomination process, visit the Schulich Leaders website . The U of A will select our Schulich Leaders; successful candidates will be notified in April. You can meet our past winners on the Schulich Leaders web page . Read Seymour Schulich's recently released addendum to his best-selling book, Get Smarter , titled Get Even Smarter . Loran Award The Loran Scholars Foundation offers Canada's largest and most comprehensive four-year undergraduate award, renewable for up to four years with a total value of up to $100,000. The award is offered to young Canadians on the basis of character, service and leadership. For more on the application and nomination process, visit the Loran Scholars Foundation website . Admission-Based Scholarships You could be starting with scholarships you don't have to apply for! Your eligibility for these scholarships is based on your high school admission average at the time of your admission offer. Examples of scholarships and awards accessible through this competition are: Domestic Students Gold Standard Scholarship The top 5% of students in each faculty could receive up to $6,000, based on their admission average. Indigenous Entrance Scholarship First Nations, Métis or Inuit applicants with an admission average of 80%+ may receive $1,500. To be eligible, applicants must self-declare as Indigenous and provide copies of approved forms of identity documents . International Students attending High School in Canada University of Alberta International Admission Scholarship Top students attending high school in Canada on a study permit may receive a scholarship up to $10,000 based on admission average. University of Alberta Regional Excellence Scholarship Top students attending high school in Canada on a study permit may receive a scholarship up to $5,000 based on admission average. Eligibility Requirements Applicants must be entering directly from high school, meet or exceed the required admission average and be entering the first year of full-time studies in an undergraduate degree program at the U of A in September of the upcoming year. Additional scholarship criteria may apply. Our scholarship and award competitions are competitive; there is no guarantee that meeting eligibility will result in a scholarship or award offer. Entrance award offers are conditional on the accuracy of your self-recorded grades. If there is a discrepancy between your self-recorded grades and your final official transcript, your award offer could be revoked. Full scholarships The University of Alberta does not offer full scholarships for either domestic or international students. However, the Office of the Registrar administers more than $53 million each year in scholarships, awards and financial support to undergraduate students and additional funding and support are also available from external sources. Learn more about what you could be eligible for and don't hesitate to apply! After You Apply Browse our Tuition and Fees web page to help plan for the costs of your first year. Explore our Financial Support and Advising web page for assistance at any stage of your degree. Received an award? Learn how to accept it! On this page: Scholarships + Awards Applying for Scholarships Application-Based Scholarships Other Application-Based Awards Admission-Based Scholarships Eligibility Requirements After You Apply Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage