Skip to main content Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks Canvas Find a Person Maps Library News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Associations Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Access, Community + Belonging Support During a Crisis Why U of A Why U of A Why U of A Campus Options Edmonton Research Opportunities Work Experience Rankings Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs How to Apply How to Apply How to Apply Application Process Application Resources Admission Requirements Transcripts + Documents After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Students Intl Admission Requirements Intl Transcripts + Documents AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous Students International Students at Canadian High Schools Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Open Studies Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Tuition + Scholarships Entrance Scholarships General International Undergraduate Scholarships Tuition + Fees International Tuition + Fees Events Events Events Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tours Open House Support + Advising Support + Advising Support + Advising Prospective Student Advising International Student Advising Parents + Supporters Counsellors + Teachers Home How to Apply International Students in Canada In this section How to Apply Connect With Us Admission Requirements After You Apply Dates + Deadlines Registration 101 International Admission Requirements AP Students IB Students Canadian Military Members + Veterans Indigenous (First Nations, Métis and Inuit) Students Forms International Students in Canada Out-of-Province Students Transfer Students Mature Students Special Students Visiting Students International High School Students Currently Studying in Canada The U of A has many benefits for international students currently studying high school within Canada. On this page you will find information on scholarship opportunities, our international tuition guarantee, program information and more. If you are an international student applying from outside of Canada, please visit our International Students website. Join our friendly community of over 8,200 international students, including many just like you who have completed their high school in Canada. How to Apply Our Academic Excellence Our Rankings The U of A is a top 4 university in Canada and top 100 in the world. Our opportunities in Research and Innovation and Work Integrated Learning make our institution a top choice for students as we push the boundaries of learning and discovery. Our Programs Explore our more than 200 undergraduate programs or take our interactive quiz to find the right fit for you. The U of A remains one of the best places in Canada to study nursing and petroleum engineering, and 21 of our subjects rank in the top 100 internationally. Our Campuses The U of A is a multi-campus university comprising three main teaching campuses, each with their own atmosphere and focus. Journey to North Campus or Campus Saint-Jean in Edmonton or Augustana Campus in Camrose through in-person or virtual campus tours and see what they have to offer. Live on Campus Living in residence has its perks, including an all-access meal plan, zero commute to campus, a tight-knit community and built-in friends, and a world-record history of dodgeball. Apply before April 30 to guarantee your spot. Virtual Events Join your U of A Recruitment Coordinator for special info sessions designed just for you! Discover details about our campuses, admission requirements, academic programs, study permit support, ELP and additional benefits tailored for study permit students. On Demand Missed our live events? Watch them On Demand. Admission to the U of A Admission Requirements All undergraduate programs, with the exception of Doctor of Medicine, Bachelor of Science in Radiation Therapy and Bachelor of Science in Medical Laboratory Science, are open to international students and have the same course and grade requirements as for Canadian students. Use our Program Tool to find your admission requirements by Canadian province and territory. We encourage students to apply early, as admission is competitive. For reference, we have listed our historical admission averages but these do not serve as a guarantee for future admission. English Language Proficiency All U of A students are required to meet English Language Proficiency (ELP) in order to be granted admission. There are many ways to meet this requirement through language tests, years of study or specific high school coursework. Final transcripts or language test results will be evaluated to ensure the requirement is met. The deadline to submit these documents is August 1. Watch our Let's Talk: ELP video Transcripts Please do not submit any documents prior to completing your U of A application. Once you submit your application, you will be able to upload electronic unofficial copies of your documents through your Launchpad portal. For students who completed Grade 10 or Grade 11 outside of Canada, ensure you have accurately filled in your Academic History section in your application to include all countries and curricula completed. Once the application has been submitted, a checklist item will appear in Launchpad allowing students to submit transcripts from their Grade 11 institution for consideration. We review Grade 11 and Grade 12 coursework to begin our evaluation process, so it is important we have a record of both. A checklist item for Final Official Transcripts will be included in Launchpad. Unofficial copies may be uploaded, but final official transcripts must be submitted directly from the issuing school or ministry by August 1. Bridging Program The U of A has five faculties that can offer a Bridging Program (BP) for students who meet all admission requirements except ELP. Students can improve their academic English skills and fulfill the ELP requirement by taking English for Academic Purposes (EAP) courses while earning credits. After completing BP, you will continue as a full-time undergraduate student. Year One Foundation Program If you are an international student who does not yet meet the academic entry requirements, apply to join our Year One Foundation Program. This is not an upgrading program - it's a full-time, on-campus program that sets you up to enter a degree program in your second year. Register directly through Kaplan! Study Permits All international students will require a new study permit to attend university in Canada - even if you already have a study permit for high school. Our International Student Services webinars can help with your study permit extension and renewal questions. Upon admission and acceptance of your offer, you can schedule advising with our immigration advisors before even stepping foot on campus! The sooner you can begin this process, the better to ensure your study permit arrives in time. BorderPass We have partnered with BorderPass to offer no cost support to our international students with their visa application. BorderPass maximises your chances of securing a study permit and provides visa application support and access to Canadian Lawyers should your application be rejected. Free access to BorderPass will be granted once a student has accepted their offer and paid their tuition deposit. Students are responsible for the government filing fees. Funding Your Degree Scholarships and Awards The U of A administers more than $53 million annually in undergraduate financial support, including exclusive scholarships and awards specifically for international students who are studying in Canada!! Admission-Based Scholarships You could be starting with scholarships you don't even have to apply for! You will be automatically evaluated for these scholarships when you apply for admission. UNIVERSITY OF ALBERTA INTERNATIONAL ADMISSION SCHOLARSHIP: Up to $10,000. Awarded to students with superior academics in high school. REGIONAL EXCELLENCE SCHOLARSHIP: Up to $5,000. Awarded to students attending high school in Canada from select regions on a study permit with an admission average of 80%+. Application-Based Scholarships Once you have applied for admission to your program, you may apply for application-based scholarships. Fill out a single application through our Awards Portal and we will assess your eligibility based on your background, experiences, academics and interests. The deadline to apply is January 10, 2027. PRESIDENT'S INTERNATIONAL DISTINCTION SCHOLARSHIP ($120,000*): Our most prestigious and competitive scholarship for international students. Awarded to students with exceptional academics, creativity and leadership. *Payable over four years. UNIVERSITY OF ALBERTA INTERNATIONAL LEADER SCHOLARSHIP (UP TO $15,000): Awarded to well-rounded leaders with superior academics. Tuition Guarantee As an international student, you will know the total cost of your tuition at the time of your admission offer. With our tuition guarantee, your tuition amount will remain the same each year for the typical length of your program. All other fees are subject to change and will be calculated on an annual basis. Use our Cost Calculator to find your estimated tuition amount. Please note that international students currently studying in Canada are required to pay international tuition fees. International Supplementary Bursary Support Find information on application deadlines and eligibility for our International Supplementary Bursary program. Additional Financial Supports Consider applying to programs in Augustana and Campus Saint-Jean for Fall 2027. Augustana: International tuition starts at $24,998+ in select programs such as Bachelor of Arts, Management or Science. Campus Saint-Jean: International tuition starts at $22,795+ Ukrainian CUAET Students: Prospective students joining the university in the 2026-27 year through the CUAET program will be charged the domestic tuition rate instead of the international tuition rate for the duration of their program. Disrupted and Displaced Palestinian Student Tuition Support Program : The DDPSTS program allows eligible admitted Palestinian students to receive domestic tuition rates, thereby reducing the total cost of study. This support does not include tuition payment or additional financial funding. Payment Plans for International Students : Spread your tuition payments over the term with our new payment plan! If you are an international student studying in Canada, you are eligible to participate. Work While You Study Work Integrated Learning Did you know you can get real-world work experience and participate in ground-breaking research while you study? Co-ops, practicums and internships are available in all direct-entry faculties, and the Undergraduate Research Initiative (URI) and faculty-led field schools provide opportunities for undergraduate students to pursue research projects as early as their first year. Supported Students Succeed From immigration and academic advising, to health care and mental wellness, to business and mentorship networks, your success at the U of A is everyone's goal. Here are just a few of the many resources available to you on campus: International Student Services Academic Success Centre Peer Support Centre Student Service Centre Career Centre Connect with Us Support for international students starts before you even begin studying at the U of A, and there are many ways to stay connected and information. For support, contact us at mapleleaf@ualberta.ca or submit a ticket to our Student Service Centre . We cannot wait to welcome you to the U of A! Access our Publications Register for Events and Workshops Watch our On-Demand Videos Book Advising Chat with a Current Student Contact Us Questions? Canadian students and international students currently studying in Canada: Contact the Student Service Centre International students studying outside of Canada: Email welcome@ualberta.ca Undergraduate Admissions & Programs University of Alberta University Commons Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2R3 Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs and research stations are primarily located on the territory of Néhiyaw (Cree), Niitsitapi (Blackfoot), Métis, Nakoda (Stoney), Dene, Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) and Anishinaabe (Ojibway/Saulteaux), lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7 and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems and cultures of all First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps Canvas ONEcard Bear Tracks CERegister Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies + Procedures Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2026 University of Alberta ProdStage