Admission Guide to Undergraduate Programs (Additional) Fall 2026 2026학년도 후기(추가) 외국인 학부 특별전형 모집요강 l Contents Admission Guide to Under gr aduate Pr ograms(Additional) Fall 2026 Ⅰ. Application Infor mation Ⅲ. For ms 1. Notices 2 【Form 2-1,2】 Application Form & Study Plan for Global Interdisciplinary Studies 11-12 2. Admission Process 3 【Form 3】 Letter of Financial Guarantee 13 3. Application Eligibility 4 4. Programs Offered 4 【Form 4】 Consent to Collection, Use and Transfer of Personal Data 14 5. Required Documents 5 6. Evaluation and Screening 7 7. Result Announcement and Tuition Payment 7 ❚ Questionnaire 15 ❚ Campus Pictures 16 Ⅱ. Infor mation on Campus Life 1. Tuition 8 3. Exclusive Benefits for Global Interdisciplinary Studies 9 4. Student Dormitories 9 5. Benefit Programs for International Students 9 6. Contact 10 2 Ⅰ. Application Information 1 Notices ① In principle, all documents shall be submitted in the original form, and if a photocopy is submitted inevitably, the original one must be presented and confirmed by a staff responsible for admission. ② In the case of incomplete documents or failure to pay an application fee, the application will not be accepted. Applicants from a language program of the School of Language Education (SLE) at GNU may submit photocopies of the required documents that were submitted at the time of a language program admission. In this case, the photocopies shall be verified by the SLE. ③ In principle, the application fee shall not be returned. However, it may be partially refunded for those who fail to pass the first screening stage (eligibility review), and the banking fee can be deducted from the refunded money. If the banking fee exceeds the returned application fee, it will not be returned. ④ The screening and decision-making process will not be released and any of the submitted documents will not be returned. Even if not successfully admitted, applicants are not allowed to ask for a return of any submitted documents under any circumstances. ⑤ Applicants are required to put accurate and valid contact information in their application form because GNU may try to reach them during the screening period. If an applicant fails to be reached by GNU, they should be responsible for any disadvantages caused by a change of contact number, contact interruption, not checking admission results, or failure to follow immigration procedures. ⑥ Applicants are advised to regularly visit GNU's webpage (https://www.gnu.ac.kr/eng/main.do) to check some important notices and changes regarding admissions. ⑦ This guide is written both in Korean and English. If there is any difference in interpretation, the Korean version shall be only considered. ⑧ Admission will be canceled if it is confirmed that the documents are falsely submitted or an applicant is admitted by other improper means. ⑨ If a successfully admitted applicant fails to enter Korea due to visa refusal or delay before a semester begins, their admission may be canceled. ⑩ An admission result will be available on GNU's website and admitted applicants should pay the tuition to a designated bank account in time. ⑪ Applicants who receive admissions from multiple universities including GNU must enroll in one university only. In case of more than one enrollment, all admissions will be canceled. ⑫ New students are advised to stay in a GNU dormitory for their first semester. ⑬ All international students must subscribe to national health insurance during their school years. Applicants who do not have national health insurance will be rejected visa extension and change, and banned from school scholarships and any benefit programs offered by GNU. ⑭ Applicants who have submitted a certificate of expected graduation/completion at the time of application must submit a certificate of graduation before the first semester begins. ⑮ New students are not allowed to take a leave of absence in their first semester. However, a leave of absence caused by military service, infection, or disease may be allowed. ⑯ Matters other than those specified in this Admission Guide are subject to GNU regulations. Documents Submission and Inquir ies ✤ Tel. : +82 (0)55-772-0274 ✤ Address : Office of International Affairs, Gyeongsang National University 501 Jinju-daero, Jinju, Gyeongnam, Republic of Korea (postal code: 52828) ✤ E-mail : gnu_apply@gnu.ac.kr ✤ Website : https://www.gnu.ac.kr/eng/main.do ✤ Visa, Insurance, and others : +82 (0)55-772-0274, 0275 3 2 Admission Pr ocess A. Admission Pr ocedur e ① Online Application Submission ② Submission of Original Application Documents ③ Payment of Application Fee ⑥ Announcement of Successful Applicants ⑤ Departmental Evaluation (Including Interview) ④ Review of Eligibility ⑦ Payment of Tuition Fees ⑧ Issuance of Standard Admission Letter ⑨ Enrollment B. Admission Schedule Schedule Period Venue Remarks Online Application Jun. 30 - Jul. 3, 2026 Online application (h ttp :/ / w w w .s tu d yin ko re a .g o .kr/ ) • After online application, all required docum ents m ust be submitted to GNU in person or by postal service. Documents Submission (Application fee has to be paid) the Office of International Affairs (Room#214, Building#1) Eligibility Screening Jul. 6 - Jul. 7, 2026 • The result will be individually notified. Evaluation & Interview by Applying Department Jul. 10 - Jul. 13, 2026 Applying departments • Evaluated by an applying department/division Announcement of Successful Applicants Jul. 21, 2026 the Office of International Affairs Website • https://www.gnu.ac.kr/eng/main.do Registration (Tuition Payment) Jul. 22. - Jul 24, 2026 The tuition pays to NongHyup (NH) Bank or Kyongnam Bank. • Printing out a tuition bill at https://my.gnu.ac.kr/auth/login • Tuition payment must be made to a designated bank account during the bank's business hours (09:00~16:00). • If you fail to pay the bill within tuition payment period, your admission will be cancelled. ※ Mailing address for documents submission: The Office of International Affairs, Gyeongsang National University, 501 Jinju-daero, Jinju, Gyeongnam, 52828, Republic of Korea ※ The above schedule is subject to change, so pl ease check our websi te (https:/ / www.gnu.ac.kr/ eng/ main.do) regularly. 4 3 Application Eligibility A. Nationality : An applicant and both their parents should have non-Korean nationality. ※ Applicants are not eligible if the applicant or either parent holds dual nationality. (All Korean nationality must be renounced or lost by both the applicant and parents before the application deadline.) ※ In cases of immigration or adoption, eligibility is recognized only if both the applicant and parents acquired foreign nationality before the applicant entered high school. B. Educational Qualifications Admission Type Eligibility New Students • Applicants who have completed the full elementary, middle, and high school curriculum in Korea or abroad(including those expected to graduate in August 2026). ※ Applicants with academic qualifications obtained through qualification examinations (GED), homeschooling, or online/cyber learning programs (domestic or overseas) are not eligible to apply. C. Language Proficiency Category Qualification (Meet at least 1) Global Interdisciplinary Studies • TOPIK Level 3 or higher (Level 2 or higher for Arts/Physical Education) • King Sejong Institute (Sejong Hakdang) Intermediate Level 1 (or higher) OR King Sejong Institute Korean Language Assessment (SKA) score of 321 or higher • KIIP(Ministry of Justice Social Integration Program) Level 3 or higher, or preliminary test score of 61+ • Completion of a one-year D-4 Korean language program at a university in Korea and passing its in-house test (equivalent to TOPIK Level 3) • (For Global Interdisciplinary Studies) Pass GNU Korean proficiency test (Level 3+) or complete Level 3+ at GNU Language Program ※ Only language proficiency certificates valid at the time of application may be submitted. ※ Those who fail to submit language requirements before screening applicants' eligibility may submit a language proof before the conclusion of successful candidates after a consent from GNU in advance. 4 Pr ogr ams Of f er ed ❚ Programs Offered : The number of r ecr uiting students is unlimited. 단과대학/Colleges 모집단위(한글) 모집단위(영문)/Programs 학과전화(Extension) [055-772-****] 본부대학 College Affiliated with the Main Administration 글로벌자율전공학부 Global Interdisciplinary Studies 4620 5 5 R equir ed Documents ❚ Fill out all the forms in Korean or English. ❚ Documents not in Korean nor English should be translated into Korean or English and notarized. ○: Required △: Optional X: Exempt ❚ All documents must be submitted in original form . If the original must be retained, submit a notarized copy with Apostille or consular confirmation. 1) Documents in Korean or English: Apostille or consular confirmation required. 2) Documents in other languages: Notarized Korean/English translation + Apostille or consular confirmation required. § Apostille member countries (including China since Nov. 2023): Apostille required. § Non-member countries: Confirmation by a Korean consular officer required. ※ For Apostille member countries: https://www.apostille.net ❚ Applicants must check visa requirements with the relevant embassy/consulate or immigration office before applying. ❚ All documents must remain valid until enrollment. - Required bank balance must be maintained before visa application. - If names differ across documents, official proof of identity must be submitted. ❚ Arrange documents in the listed order, mark each with its number and title at the top right, and submit by mail. Impor tant Notes on Document Submission No. Documents Required New Students Remarks ① Application Form [Form 1] ○ Online application at www.studyinkorea.go.kr② Study Plan [Form 2] ○ ③ High school Diploma or Certificate of (Expected) Graduation ○ Expected graduates must submit a Certificate of Graduation/ Completion by Aug. 28, 2026.④ Official Academic Transcript from High School ○ ⑤ TOPIK Certificate of Level 3 or Higher (Level 2 for Ethnic Dance major) ○ Valid certificates will be only accepted at the time of application. King Sejong Institute Intermediate Level 1 or Higher Other Supporting Documents for Language Proficiency (e.g., Certificates of Com pletion or Confirm ation Letters) ⑥ Photocopy of the Applicantʻs Passport ○ ⑦ Photocopy of the Applicant's Alien Registration Card (ARC) △ Only for those who hold the certificate ⑧ Documents Verifying the Nationality of Applicant's Parents ○ Passports or certificates of nationality ⑨ Certificate of Family Relations ○ Issued within 6 months from the document submission date ⑩ Certificate of Bank Balance (only of applicant, his/her parents) △ Issued within 30 days from the document submission date ⑪ Employment Certificate or Business Registration Certificate of Sponsor/Guarantor ○ Issued within 6 months from the document submission date ⑫ Letter of Financial Guarantee [Form 3] △ ⑬ Consent to Collection, Use, and Transfer of Personal Data [Form 4] ○ ⑭ Questionnaire ○ Optional 6 ❚ When submitting graduation and transcript documents issued by foreign schools, applicants must submit one of the following: 1) Academic documents with Apostille certification 2) Academic documents confirmed by a Korean consulate/embassy in the issuing country or by a foreign embassy in Korea 3) For academic credentials obtained in China, a China Higher Education Academic Credentials Verification Report must be submitted. ※ www.chsi.com.cn or www.cdgdc.edu.cn 4) For graduates of Chinese secondary vocational high schools: - School-issued documents: Confirmation from the provincial/city education authority + Korean consular confirmation or Apostille required - Education authority-issued documents: Korean consular confirmation or Apostille required ❚ Graduates (or expected graduates) of overseas Korean schools accredited by the Korean Ministry of Education may submit documents certified by the school principal. ❚ Graduates (or expected graduates) of schools in Korea are not required to obtain notarization. ❚ Applicants who submit a certificate of expected graduation/completion must additionally submit the official graduation/completion certificate by August 29, 2026. Tr anscr ipt and Gr aduation Cer tif icateNote 1 ❚Documents verifying the relationship between the applicant and parents, and their nationalities. ❚If there are special circumstances regarding family relationship or nationality (e.g., divorce, remarriage, single parent, death, missing status, acquisition of Korean nationality, etc.), additional supporting documents must be submitted. ❚Examples of acceptable family relationship documents: § China: Household Register (Hukou) or Certificate of Family Relationship § Indonesia: Family Card(KARTU KELUARGA) § Mongolia: Certificate of Family Relationship § Nepal: JANMADARTA § 필리핀: Family Census § Vietnam: Household Register(So Ho Khau) or Birth Certificate(Giay khai sinh) § 파키스탄: Family Certificate § Bangladesh, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Thailand, etc.: Birth Certificate Note 2 Documents Ver if y ing Family R elationship ❚Financial Documents (Bank Balance Certificate) 1) Applicants residing in Korea (with valid alien registration and visa): Only a Korean bank account under the applicant's name is accepted. - Bank balance certificate showing at least KRW 16,000,000 deposited in a bank in Korea. - For current GN U Korean language program students (D-4)advancing to a D-2: at least KRW 8,000,000 required. 2) Applicants residing outside Korea - Bank balance certificate showing at least KRW 16,000,000 under the name of the applicant or parent. - If under the applicant's name: original bank balance certificate required. - If under the parent's name : original bank balance certificate + proof of employment/income or business registration certificate required. ※ If parents are unavailable, siblings may serve as guarantors; other financial sponsors are strictly limited. ❚Affidavit of Financial Support (Form 3): The account holder of the bank balance certificate must sign the form. ❚If the balance certificate is issued in a foreign currency, the equivalent amount in KRW must be stated based on the exchange rate on the date of issuance. ❚The required bank balance must be maintained until visa issuance. Pr oof of Financial AbilityNote 3 7 6 Ev aluation and Scr eening A. Ev aluation Cr iter ia Steps Criteria Step 1 Screening eligibility of applicants Step 2 Language proficiency 50%, Interview 50% B. Scr eening Methods 1) Applicants who pass the eligibility screening (step1) and achieve 70 points or higher in step 2 will be successfully selected. 2) Applicants who can not submit an official language proficiency score report by the document submission deadline will be evaluated based on the equivalent of TOPIK Level 3. However, if they fail to submit valid documents meeting the language requirements for each admission track (e.g., TOPIK Level 3 or higher, or King Sejong Institute Intermediate Level 1 or higher, or other language proficiency documents) by the announcement date of successful applicants, they will be disqualified. 7 R esult Announcement and Tuition Pay ment A. R esult Announcement When Where Remark Jul. 21, 2026 GNU Website (https://www.gnu.ac.kr/eng/main.do) Selected students are advised to pay attention to instructions given by GNU. Otherwise, your admission m ay be canceled due to their inattentive behavior. B. Issuance of Visa Documents When Department Contact Jul, 2026 Dept. of International Affairs +82-55-772-0275 C. Tuition Pay ment 1) When : Jul. 22 - Jul. 24. 2026 (09:00~16:00 / bank's business hours) 2) Where : NH Bank or Kyongnam Bank 3) How : Print out a tuition bill from My GNU (https://my.gnu.ac.kr/auth/login) and pay it at the designated bank. 4) If an applicant fails to pay the tuition in time, their admission may be canceled. 5) If an applicant fails to obtain an adequate student visa, their tuition will be refunded after deducting a banking service fee. 6) If a new student quits school during the semester, their tuition will be proportionally refunded in accordance with GNU tuition refund regulations. 8 Ⅲ. Information on Campus Life 1 Tuition [Year of 2026, KRW] College Field of Study Tuition Remarks College Affiliated with the Main Administration Humanities 1,899,000 Division of Global Interdisciplinary Studies 2 Ex clusiv e Benef its f or Students of the Div ision of Global Inter disciplinar y Studies A. No application fee (₩70, 000) for Applicants to the Div ision of Global Inter disciplinar y Studies: The application fee is waived for applicants applying through the Division of Global Interdisciplinary Studies admission track applicants who apply with(Application Forms 2-1 and 2-2) ※ Students admitted to the Division of Global Interdisciplinary Studies as their third choice under the general department admission track are not eligible for the waiver. B. Scholar ships and Suppor t Pr ogr ams f or the Div ision of Global Inter disciplinar y Studies Students Category TOPIK & Academic Scholarships Airfare Dormitory Fees & Expenses First-Year Students First Semester · TOPIK Level 3: 50% tuition waiver · TOPIK Level 4 or higher: Full tuition waiver Airfare support up to ₩1,000,000 Full support (within actual expenses) ※ If students choose not to live in the dormitory, a settlement allowance of ₩1,400,000 per semester will be provided Second Semester For students with TOPIK Level 4 or higher: · GPA 3.0 or higher: 50% tuition waiver · GPA 3.5 or higher: 2/3 tuition waiver · GPA 4.0 or higher: Full tuition waiver N/A Enrolled students 2nd to 4th Year For students with TOPIK Level 4 or higher: · GPA 3.0 or higher: 50% tuition waiver · GPA 3.5 or higher: 2/3 tuition waiver · GPA 4.0 or higher: Full tuition waiver N/A ※ Airfare support is provided once only to newly admitted students within actual expense limits (up to ₩1,000,000). However, applicants who are currently residing in Korea are not eligible for this benefit. ※ Dormitory accommodations are primarily double rooms. Meals are provided three times a day, up to a total of 300 meals per semester. ※ Some rooms (BTL dormitories) may incur additional personal charges for utilities (electricity, water, etc.) based on actual usage. 9 C. Other Scholar ships Type of Scholarship Eligibility Amount of Scholarships Sibling Scholarship When more than two siblings from a family registered at GNU's undergraduate programs, the eldest shall receive half tuition exemption on the condition of a GPA 2.5 in the previous semester. Half tuition exemption Special Scholarship ISA Executives Scholarship It may be not available according to budget situation. ※ Scholarships are subject to change under school budget and decisions. 3 Student Dor mitor ies A. Dor mitor y Capacity : 5,280 students (Year of 2025) Campus Gajwa Campus Chilam Campus Tongyeong Campus No. of beds 3,561 1,205 479 ※ International students are given priority for dormitory assignment; however, they may not be assigned a room depending on vacancy status (provided subject to availability). In such cases, they will be eligible for a housing support fee of 1,400,000 KRW per semester B. Application : Applicants are advised to indicate whether they plan to stay in school dormitories in the application form. C. Boar ding Ex penses (Gajwa Campus / Expenses are subject to change.) - Housing fees : 642,850 - 1,120,100KRW (variable depending on dormitory rooms) - Meal plans : 510,000 - 915,000KRW depending on meal plans ※ A meal plan is required for dormitory residents. 4 Benef it Pr ogr ams for Inter national Students w Or ientation f or New Students (Febr uar y and August) - Information on immigration, basic rules for residents(public etiquette), national health insurance, course registration, campus tour, Korean language programs, cultural experience events, and information on campus life w GNU Buddy Pr ogr am - Cultural and learning exchange activities between international and Korean students on a one-on-one basis w Kor ean Language Pr ogr am - Curricular courses : Basic liberal arts courses to improve Korean proficiency - Extracurricular courses : Practical Korean, Korean writing, and how to write journals by student's level w Cultur al Pr ogr ams - Excursions to local attractions, field trips to industry, temple stay, and many others w Inter national Students Association (ISA) Pr ogr ams - Holidays (Seollal, Chuseok), sports competitions, Daedongje (campus festival), farewell parties, etc. - International Students Day 10 6 Contact Inquiry Office Contact Application and Admission Dept. of International Affairs +82 (0)55 772 0274 Scholarships for New Students Dept. of International Affairs +82 (0)55 772 0274 Immigration (Visa, ARC) Dept. of International Affairs +82 (0)55 772 0275 Dormitory Application Housing Office +82 (0)55 772 0705 GNU BUDDY Program Dept. of International Affairs +82 (0)55 772 0285 Course Registration Applying Department Please refer to Ⅱ-No.4 「Programs Offered」 11 Ⅳ. Forms 【【Form 1】 Global Interdisciplinary Studies Admission Track Application for International Students Admissio(Additional) Fall 2026 2026 학년도 후기(추가) 외국인 학부 특별전형 입학지원서(글로벌자율전공학부) 수험번호 ※비워둘 것 Personal Information 이름 Name 한글Korean 사진/Photo 흰색 배경 (3×4㎝) 영문English (여권 상 영문이름 기재) 생년월일Date of Birth (YYYY/MM/DD) 출생국가 Country of Birth Sex □ male □ female 국적 Nationality 연락처 Contact email telephone Passport Number Mobilphone SNS ID(Kakao, etc) 주소 Address 현재 한국 거주자 □ Yes □ No Alien Registration Number Guarantor's Name Relation Phone Application Information Admission Type □ New Students □ Transfer Students Applying Program □ College Affiliated with the Main Administration Division of Global Interdisciplinary Studies TOPIK Level Dormitory □ Yes □ No GNU BUDDY Program □ Yes □ No Educational Background Curriculum Name of School Start Date Completion Date Status( Graduated / Expected) Elementary Middle School High School University (eligib le p erso n ) Major GPA/Perfect Score / Application Fee refund Application fee waived for Global Interdisciplinary Studies applicants. 위의 입학원서 및 제출 서류의 모든 내용은 사실이며, 추후 본 서류에서 허위 또는 잘못 기재된 사실이 있을 경우에는 경상국립대학교의 결정에 따를 것을 서약합니다. I certify that this application and all the submitted documents are true, and if there is any false or misrepresentation in the documents, I pledge to follow the decision of Gyeongsang National University. Date : Name : (Signature) 경상국립대학교 총장 귀하 To the President of Gyeongsang National University 12 【For m 2】 Global Inter disciplinar y Studies Admission Tr ack Study Plan (학업수행계획서) 성명 (Name) 국적 (Nationality) 한국어 능력 (Korean Proficiency) 우수(Excellent)________좋음(Good)________ 보통(Fair)________부족(Poor)________ 한국어능력시험(TOPIK) __________급(Level) 지원학과 (Applying Program) Division of Global Interdisciplinary Studies 지원동기(Purpose of Application) 한국에서의 학업 이수 계획 (Study Plans in Korea) 졸업 후 진로(Plans after Graduation) 13 【For m 3】 Letter of Financial Guar antee(유학경비 부담서약서) 지 원 자(Applicant) 성 명(Name) 성별(Sex ) 생년월일(Date of Birth) 국적(Nationality ) 지원자의 유학경비를 부담할 개인이나 기관명을 쓰시오. Please indicate an indiv idual or institution that w ill cov er the applicant' s study ex penses in Kor ea. o 개인 또는 기관명(Name) : Guarantor's Name o 관 계(R elationship) : Father or Mother o 직 업(Occupation) : o 주 소(Addr ess) : o 전화번호(Phone Number ) : 나는 상기 지원자의 유학기간 중 일체의 경비 부담을 보증합니다. I guarantee to cover all the expenses incurred during the applicant's study period in Korea. 일자(Y Y Y Y /MM/DD) : 보 증 인 성 명 : (Guar antor ' s Name) 서 명(Signatur e) : 경상국립대학교 총장 귀하 To the President of Gy eongsang National Univ ersity 14 【Form 4】 Consent to Collection, Use, and Transf er of Personal Data 개인정보 수집·이용 및 제공 동의서 ◾ 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 대한 동의 Consent to Collection and Use of Personal Data 해당 동의서는 원서 접수 및 입학 전형을 위해 개인정보를 수집 및 이용하며, 이 외의 다른 목적에는 절대 사용되지 않습니다. This consent will only be used for an application and admission process. 1. 개인정보의 종류 Types of Personal Data 성명, 외국인등록번호, 여권번호, 주소, 전화번호, 휴대전화번호, 이메일, 추가 연락처, 출신지역, 학교정보(최 종학력구분, 재학·출신 고교명, 대학명, 졸업 또는 졸업예정연도) Name in full, resident registration number (In case of foreign students: alien registration number or passport number), mailing address, phone number, cell phone number, e-mail address, additional contacts, place of birth, and school information (classification of the highest level of education, the name of the high school/university you are in or have graduated, and (expected) graduation year. 2. 개인정보의 수집 및 이용 목적 Purpose for Collection and Use of Personal Data 원서 접수 및 입학 전형(학력조회, 제출서류 진위여부 등), 장학, 학사 통계업무, 대학에서 제공하는 기타 안 내를 위해 개인정보가 사용됩니다. Personal data will be used for an application and admission process (checking on academic backgrounds, authenticity of documents, etc.) including scholarships, statistics related to academic affairs and other information provided by GNU. 3. 개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간 Period of Retention and Use of Personal Data : 10년 귀하는 위와 같은 개인정보의 수집 및 이용을 거부할 수 있습니다. 다만, 개인정보의 수집 및 이용에 동의 하지 않을 경우 원서접수가 불가능 할 수 있습니다. You may refuse to provide the above personal information. If you disagree on the collection and use of personal data, you are not be able to submit your application. ▸개인정보 수집 및 이용에 동의하십니까? Do you agree on the collection and use of your personal data? □ 동의함(Agree) □ 동의하지 않음(Disagree) ◾ 고유식별정보 수집 및 이용 동의 Consent on Collection and Use of Identification Numbers ※ 고유식별정보 수집·이용에 대한 동의를 거부할 권리가 있습니다. 그러나 동의를 거부할 경우 원서접수가 불가능 할 수 있습니다. You may refuse to provide the above identification numbers. However, your application may not be accepted if you disagree on the collection and use of such data. 항 목 Types of Identification Numbers 수집목적 Purpose for Personal Data Collection and Use 보유기간 Period of Possession and Use of Personal Data 외 국 인 등 록 번 호 또 는 여 권 번호 Alien R egistrati on Number or Passport Number 입학전형, 표준입학허가서 발급 Application and Admission Process, Issuance of Visa Documents 10년 15 ▸고유식별정보 수집 및 이용에 동의하십니까? Do you agree on collection and use of your identification numbers? □ 동의함(Agree) □ 동의하지 않음(Disagree) ◾ 개인정보 제3자 제공에 대한 동의 Consent on Providing Personal Data to Third Parties 귀하는 위와 같은 개인정보의 제 3자 제공을 거부할 수 있습니다. 다만, 개인정보의 제공에 동의하지 않을 경우 학교에 지원이 불가능할 수 있으며, 개인정보의 선택적 제공에 동의하지 않을 경우 귀하에 대한 편의제 공이 이루어지지 않을 수 있습니다. You have the right to reject the provisions of personal data to a third party. However, if you disagree to provide necessary personal data, you may not be able to apply for admission. In addition, if you agree to offer selective personal data, it may cause administrative inconvenience for admission, academic affairs, and many other school supports. 개인정보를 제공받는 자 A person who receives personal information 제공받는 자의 개인정보 이용목적 Receiver's purpose of personal information use 제공하는 개인정보 항목 Items of personal information provided 제공받는 자의 보유 및 이용기간 Receiver's possession and utilization period 출신대학 Applicant's Home University 및 국내 대학 부설 한국어 교육기관 (University-affiliated Korean language institutes in Korea) 학력조회 Education Verification 성명, 생년월일, 학적, 수학기간, 졸업일 등 Full name, date of birth, school register, study period, date of graduation, etc. 제공받는 자의 이용목적을 달성할 때까지 Until the receiver's purpose is achieved 국립국제교육원 (National Institute for International Education) 공인 한국어 성적 진위 확인 Verifying authenticity of TOPIK results 성명, 생년월일, 응시일 자, 한국어능력시험 (TOPIK) 성적 Full name, date of birth, test d ate , an d T O P IK resu lts 세종학당 (King Sejong Institute) 및 국내 대학 부설 한국어 교육기관 (University-affiliated Korean language institutes in Korea) 한국어 능력 진위 확인 Verifying Korean proficiency results 성 명, 생 년 월 일, 평 가 일 자, 한 국어능력 평가결과 등 Full name, date of birth, test date, and Korean proficiency results, etc. ▸개인정보의 제 3자 제공에 동의하십니까? Do you agree on the provision of your personal data to a third party? □ 동의함(Agree) □ 동의하지 않음(Disagree) 나는 이 "개인정보 이용 및 제공 사전 동의서"의 내용을 읽고 명확히 이해했으며, 이에 동의합니다. I have read and understood the "Consent to Collection and Use of Personal Data" and agree on it. 20 년 월 일 (YYYY) (MM) (DD) 성명 Name : 서명 Signature : 16 ❚ Survey 1. 인적사항 Per sonal Inf or mation 이름 Name 국적 Nationality 희망하는 학위 과정 Applying Program - 학부 신입생 New Student ( ) - 졸업한 고등학교명 : Name of High School Graduated - 학부 편입생 Transfer Student ( ) - 다녔던(또는 졸업한) 대학교명: Name of College Graduated 2. 경상국립대학교를 어떻게 알게 되었습니까?(경상국립대학교 외국인 학부 특별전형 지원 경로) How did y ou apply f or Gy eongsang National Univ er sity ? 연번 No. 구분 How did you apply for GNU? 이름, 명칭 등 상세사항 Please indicate an individual, institution, or platform that recommended you to GNU. 1 중개인 Agency 2 경상국립대 어학연수생 GNU Korean lauguage Courses 3 친구 Friend 4 각종 한국유학박람회 Educational Fairs 5 협력고등학교 또는 협력대학교의 추천 High School or College/University associated with GNU 6 웹사이트 또는 사회관계망서비스 Website or SNS 경상국립대학교 입학지원 경로에 대한 설문조사 How did you apply for Gyeongsang National University? 이 설문지는 경상국립대학교를 어떻게 알게 되었는지 조사하기 위한 것입니다. 응답해주신 내용은 외국 인유학생의 경상국립대 입학을 촉진하기 위한 참고자료로만 소중하게 쓰일 것입니다 . 바쁘시더라도 시간을 내어 답변해 주시면 고맙겠습니다 . ※ 이 설문은 선택사항이므로 반드시 제출해야 하는 것은 아닙니다. 17 ❚Campus View [Gajwa Campus] [Chilam Campus] [Tongyeong Campus] 18 [Naedong Campus] [Changwon Campus] [GNU Hospital, Jinju] [GNU Hospital, Changwon] 52828 경상남도 진주시 진주대로 501(가좌동) 국제협력과 Tel. 055)772-0274 Email gnu_apply@gnu.ac.kr / https://www.gnu.ac.kr/eng/main.do