Why PEAK Message from the Dean PEAK VIDEO ADMISSION STATISTICS COURSES COURSE STRUCTURE Japan in East Asia Environmental Sciences STUDYING THE JAPANESE LANGUAGE INTERNATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES CAREER INFORMATION FACULTY FEES & SCHOLARSHIPS FEES SCHOLARSHIPS CAMPUS LIFE ACCOMMODATION STUDENT SUPPORT SYSTEM STUDENT VOICES LIVING IN TOKYO Alumni APPLY IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT OVERVIEW HOW TO APPLY DOWNLOADS REQUIRED DOCUMENTS FAQ Scholarships HOME > Fees & Scholarships > Scholarships Merit-based scholarships are available. In principle, all scholarships are offered when successful applicants are notified of their admission to the university. The selection of scholarship recipients is based on the screening process. There is no separate application. (1) The University of Tokyo Scholarship This scholarship is offered to students of exceptional merit. It is a four-year scholarship that covers the admission fee, tuition, and living expenses (JPY126,000 a month). Up to ten students may be offered this scholarship. (2) Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship (Updated on November 22nd, 2023) Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship is a four-year scholarship that covers the admission fee, tuition, round-trip economy-class airline ticket between home country and Japan, and living expenses (JPY120,000 a month). Up to five international successful applicants may be offered the scholarship. Note: ・ Scholarships (1) and (2), in principle, do not allow the recipient to receive any other types of scholarship. ・ Scholarships (1) and (2) will be reviewed every year and the renewal will be contingent upon satisfactory academic performance. ・ Scholarships (1) and (2) require, in principle, four consecutive years of study (contingent upon satisfactory academic performance). (3) The University of Tokyo-JAGAM Supplementary Scholarship for Malaysian Nationals The University of Tokyo-JAGAM Supplementary Scholarship for Malaysian Nationals is a supplementary scholarship for Malaysian students. The Japan Graduates' Association of Malaysia (JAGAM) offers a one-way economy class airline ticket from Malaysia to Narita/Haneda International Airport and a return economy-class ticket upon graduation (certain rules apply) to up to three students recommended by the University of Tokyo. Details are available on JAGAM's website at: http://www.jagam.org.my/ (External Link) (4) The University of Tokyo-JUGAS Supplementary Scholarship for Singaporean Nationals The University of Tokyo-JUGAS Supplementary Scholarship for Singaporean Nationals is a supplementary scholarship for Singaporean students. The Japanese University Graduates Association of Singapore (JUGAS) offers a one-way economy class airline ticket from Singapore to Narita/Haneda International Airport and a return economy class ticket upon graduation (certain rules apply) to up to three students recommended by the University of Tokyo. Details are available on JUGAS's website at: http://web.jugas.org.sg/ (External Link) (5) Other Scholarships Students may also be eligible for other sources of financial support. Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO), for example, offers scholarships for international students studying in Japan. Details can be found at JASSO's website (External Link). Unlike the scholarships (1)-(4), applicants may need to apply for the scholarship by themselves. Please check the details carefully. (5.1.) Scholarship for Vietnamese Students Studying in Japan by Fast Retailing Foundation This scholarship is for Vietnamese students and covers: 1) Tuition and other fees (examination, enrollment, tuition fees and insurance premiums) 2) Preparation support (200,000 JPY) 3) Monthly stipend (128,000 JPY - 160,000 JPY) Approximately 10 Vietnamese students who meet the requirements set by the Fast Retailing Foundation will be awarded this scholarship. The Foundation will manage all screening and financial procedures related to this scholarship. Please see the link below for more details. Registration acceptance: July 1(Tue.) - August 4(Mon.), 2025, 08:00 AM (JST) https://www.fastretailing-foundation.or.jp/eng/scholarships/ (5.2.) Scholarship for Indonesian Students Studying in Japan by Fast Retailing Foundation This scholarship is for Indonesian students and covers: 1) Tuition and other fees (examination, enrollment, tuition fees and insurance premiums) 2) Preparation support (200,000 JPY) 3) Monthly stipend (128,000 JPY - 160,000 JPY) Approximately 10 Indonesian students who meet the requirements set by the Fast Retailing Foundation will be awarded this scholarship. The Foundation will manage all screening and financial procedures related to this scholarship.Please see the link below for more details. Registration acceptance: July 1(Tue.) - August 18(Mon.), 2025, 08:00 AM (JST) https://www.fastretailing-foundation.or.jp/eng/scholarships/ Note Scholarship information may change without prior notice. Please check our website for the latest information. In case there are any additional scholarship opportunities, we will upload the latest information on the website. Fees&Scholarships Fees Scholarships Why PEAK Message from the Dean PEAK video Admission Statistics Apply Overview How to apply Required Documents Downloads Contact Us Courses Course structure Japan in East Asia Environmental Sciences Studying the Japanese Language International Opportunities Career Information Faculty Fees & Scholarships Fees Scholarships Campus Life Accommodation Student Support System Student Voices Living in Tokyo Students Newsletter by UTokyo students Todai Global Interaction Friends FAQ News and Events Sitemap Site Policy Follow us © The University of Tokyo TOP