Menu Main navigation Estonia State Nature and climate Economy Culture Life-style and character Language Study Universities Programmes Bachelor's programmes Master's programmes Doctoral programmes Short courses Admission Education system in Estonia Scholarships Scholarships for degree studies Scholarships for short courses Grants for researchers Scholarship for Estonia-specific research (Estophilus) Living Arrival Accommodation Living costs Healthcare Visa and residence permit Working International House of Estonia Settle in Estonia programme Student ambassadors About the program Become an ambassador Alumni Ambassadors Blog News Gallery Calendar FAQ About us Promotional materials Cooperation partners Meet the team Eesti keeles Materjalid Uudiskiri Contact Search Toggle search Close menu Breadcrumb Home Tuition fees Bachelor and Master studies Tuition fees in different universities can vary considerably depending on the level of studies and the speciality in question. Generally, tuition fees vary from 1500 EUR to 15000 EUR per year for Bachelor and Master programmes (with a few more expensive exceptions). Some of the more expensive specialities are medicine, law, business administration and social sciences. Some higher education institutions may differentiate tuition fees for students from the European Union and from outside the European Union. In addition, some universities offer a few Master and Bachelor programmes with no tuition fee at all ( tuition fee waivers, tuition free programmes ). Doctoral studies All doctoral studies in Estonia are without tuiton fee. Exchange studies Exchange students coming to Estonia are exempt from tuition fees at the Estonian university and are entitled to a small grant if stipulated in the agreement. You will see all the tuition fees in our online admission system: www.estonia.dreamapply.com . Please use the search tool there to find a suitable programme. Next to the programme information the tuition fees are also shown. Should you have any questions about the tuition fees, don't hesitate to contact the respective universities! Important: Tuition fees are modified periodically. So to get the most recent information, contact the higher education institution you are interested in directly. Get our monthly newsletter First name Last name E-mail address Country of residence By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to our Privacy policy . Search Toggle search Find us on social media Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Linkedin Footer navigation estonia e-estonia visit estonia work in estonia research in estonia startup estonia education estonia settle in estonia Harno