Menu Main navigation Estonia State Nature and climate Economy Culture Life-style and character Language Study Universities Programmes Bachelor's programmes Master's programmes Doctoral programmes Short courses Admission Education system in Estonia Scholarships Scholarships for degree studies Scholarships for short courses Grants for researchers Scholarship for Estonia-specific research (Estophilus) Living Arrival Accommodation Living costs Healthcare Visa and residence permit Working International House of Estonia Settle in Estonia programme Student ambassadors About the program Become an ambassador Alumni Ambassadors Blog News Gallery Calendar FAQ About us Promotional materials Cooperation partners Meet the team Eesti keeles Materjalid Uudiskiri Contact Search Toggle search Close menu Breadcrumb Home How to apply? Step 1: Find a suitable degree programme for you to study in Estonia from our website or from our online admission platform: www.estonia.dreamapply.com Please read about programme requirements from programme specific website and directly contact the admission office at the university offering the programme, or contact Study in Estonia if you have additional questions. Step 2: Prepare the required admission documents. If you intend to submit an application, it is also important to check country specific requirements (listed usually on the university`s website) to ensure the qualifications you are studying for are considered suitable for admission to the chosen university. If you are applying to several programmes at the same time, then bear in mind that different programmes and universities may have different requirements (documentation, accepted English tests and scores, admission tests, interviews, portfolios, essays etc.) for applicants. Most of well-known English tests are (IELTS, TOFEL etc.) are accepted by all Estonian universities. PhD applicants are required to find a suitable supervisor before submitting the application. Step 3: Submit your application via the online admission system at the following website: www.estonia.dreamapply.com . You can apply to several Estonian universities and programmes with a single application. The admission system will guide you through the application process and inform you via email if any feedback is given to you by the university where you have applied. Make sure to finalize your application. NB! Most Estonian universities have also established an application fee, the amount of which can range from 0-120 euros. When applying to several programmes within one university you only need to pay the application fee once. The application fee is non-refundable regardless of whether your application was accepted or not. Step 4: After finalizing your online application, send the printed online application with certified copies of the required documents (certificates of previous education, certificate of English skills etc.) to your first choice university. Please confirm with the university what documents you need to send. Make sure that the documents will arrive before admission deadline. Please check the deadlines from the website of your chosen university or from DreamApply. Step 5: If you have been successfully accepted to study in your chosen university and you have confirmed your decision, the university will issue acceptance documents. You can find information on visa and temporary residence permit for studying under "Living" section on our website. Step 6: After finalizing all the processes get ready for your awesome studies in Estonia! Arrange your travelling, accommodation and see you soon! Get our monthly newsletter First name Last name E-mail address Country of residence By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to our Privacy policy . Search Toggle search Find us on social media Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Linkedin Footer navigation estonia e-estonia visit estonia work in estonia research in estonia startup estonia education estonia settle in estonia Harno