Menu Main navigation Estonia State Nature and climate Economy Culture Life-style and character Language Study Universities Programmes Bachelor's programmes Master's programmes Doctoral programmes Short courses Admission Education system in Estonia Scholarships Scholarships for degree studies Scholarships for short courses Grants for researchers Scholarship for Estonia-specific research (Estophilus) Living Arrival Accommodation Living costs Healthcare Visa and residence permit Working International House of Estonia Settle in Estonia programme Student ambassadors About the program Become an ambassador Alumni Ambassadors Blog News Gallery Calendar FAQ About us Promotional materials Cooperation partners Meet the team Eesti keeles Materjalid Uudiskiri Contact Search Toggle search Close menu Breadcrumb Home Bachelor degree scholarships Degree and exchange study scholarship application conditions and deadline for the 2026 application round will be announced in August. Estonian National Scholarships Degree and exchange study scholarship application conditions and deadline for the 2026 application round will be announced in August. The scholarship supports foreign students in their studies at the Estonian higher education institutions. The scholarship can be applied for by foreign students who wish to study at a higher education institution in Estonia during the 2026/2027 academic year in formal degree studies or as an exchange student. The scholarship is administered by the Education and Youth Board . For Bachelor's studies, this scholarship can only be applied for in fields that are related to Estonian language and culture! Applications will be accepted from students from countries whose citizenship is in one of the countries listed in the scholarship guide in Annex 1 . Scholarship amount: the rate of the scholarship for Bachelor's studies is 350 euros per month ; other costs are not covered. Period and conditions Exchange students are paid a scholarship during the study period in Estonia according to the dates approved by the host higher education institution. The scholarship can be applied for up to ten months. The scholarship is paid for exchange studies lasting at least 30 days. Degree students are paid a scholarship for 12 months of the year, except for the last nominal academic year, when the scholarship is paid for 10 months. The scholarship is awarded for a maximum of 12 months at a time. The scholarship is paid to the host higher education institution, which arranges the scholarship to be repaid to the scholarship holder. Application procedure and deadlines Application procedures and deadlines will be published on the website https://www.harno.ee/en/scholarships-and-grants/scholarships-studying-and-working-estonia/scholarships-international Applications will be evaluated, and decisions on the award of scholarships will be made in accordance with the provisions of the Scholarship Guidelines and the rules of procedure. Applications which are not fully completed, drawn up as required or include false information or are submitted with a delay are not assessed. Applications that have not been accompanied by a confirmation of admission to an Estonian higher education institution by the application deadline will not be processed. Please send your application form and required documents to rvo.dokumendid@harno.ee . Contacts Education and Youth Board, scholarship coordinator: Liis Uulman liis.uulman@harno.ee Scholarship guideline for foreign students Compatriots scholarships The scholarship is administered by the Education and Youth Board of Estonia. The aim is to support degree studies of young expatriate Estonians in Estonia's public universities, national institutions of applied higher education and vocational education centers. Eligible to apply for the scholarship are young expatriate Estonians who have not lived in Estonia permanently for the last 5 years. Scholarship amount The scholarship includes a one-time settling in allowance, a monthly subsistence grant during studies, travel grant (travel expenses for travelling home and back twice a year), extra scholarship for good academic performance, paid once a year, state fee for residence permit and health insurance, if necessary. For receiving the subsistence grant next year, the grantee must complete at least 75% of the annual study volume. The scholarship is not paid during academic leave or during studies which have exceeded the nominal period. Conditions The study scholarship will support successful applicants who wish to enroll for curricula taught in the Estonian language. If an applicant's command of the Estonian language is insufficient to successfully cope with learning in that language, the applicant can request a grant to support his/her participation in an intensive Estonian language course prior to engaging in substantive studies under the curriculum chosen. The Compatriots Programme cannot support studies in languages other than Estonian. Documents Applicants must submit the following documents (either in Estonian, English or Russian): signed formal application; a curriculum vitae; copy of the document certifying the acquired education (diploma with the transcript of grades) or extract of the study results of the graduation class of high school and the copy of the certificate of the penultimate class; copy of the personal data page of passport; copy of the document certifying the Estonian origin (birth certificate, parents' or grandparents' birth certificates, etc.); recommendation letter (from the representative of the Estonian Society, community, Estonian language teacher, other teachers, supervisor). Application procedures and deadlines Application procedures and deadlines will be published on the website https://www.harno.ee/en/scholarships-and-grants/scholarships-studying-and-working-estonia/scholarship-program-aimed Contacts Programme coordinator: Liis Uulman; liis.uulman@harno.ee University scholarships Please read the scholarship information of Estonian universities from their websites: University of Tartu Tallinn University of Technology Tallinn University Estonian Business School Estonian Academy of Theatre and Music Estonian Academy of Arts Estonian University of Life Sciences Get our monthly newsletter First name Last name E-mail address Country of residence By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to our Privacy policy . Search Toggle search Find us on social media Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Linkedin Footer navigation estonia e-estonia visit estonia work in estonia research in estonia startup estonia education estonia settle in estonia Harno