Türkçe Student Information System Library Quality Portal Donation 360° Virtual Tour Ethics Hotline Contact Academic Academic Faculties School of Education School of Law School of Communication School of the Humanities and Social Sciences School of Islamic Studies School of Business School of Languages Graduate Programs School of Graduate Studies Alliance of Civilization Life-Long Learning Continuous Education Center Center for Innovative Learning and Teaching IHU TOMER Academic Staff University Courses Ibn Haldun University Publications Research Research Research Centers Conflict Analysis and Peace Research Ethics Studies Hadith Studies Haydar Aliyev Eurasia Studies Research and Application Center Islamic Economics and Finance Center for Gulf Studies and Global Policy Munazara and Argumentation Ethics Psychotherapy Counseling and Psychological Services Civil Society Studies Application and Research Center Oral History and Social Memory Savings Financing Application and Research Center Turkish Language Instructions International Law and Human Rights Alternative Dispute Resolution Library Discovery Services Catalog Journal Search Engine Off-Campus Publication Order Renew Loans Course Materials Room Reservation Ask a Librarian For Researchers Project Support Office Supports and Calls Related Regulations and Guidelines Student Student Student Affairs Academic Calendar Registration Lessons Frequently Asked Questions Life in IHU Student Clubs Student Representatives Board Cultural - Art - Sports Activities Psychological Counseling and Guidance IHUCompass: Student Handbook Related Units General Secretariat Coordinatorship of Foreign Language Department of Student Affairs Department of Art, Culture and Sports International Office Career Center IHU Career System Sports Center IHU Support/Request System Prospective Student Prospective Student Undergraduate Programs Course Schedules TercihFest Quota and Points Scholarship Opportunities Prospective Student Graduate Programs Master's Programs PhD Programs Scholarships Frequently Asked Questions Student Friendly University Life in IHU Student Dormitories IHU in numbers International About About About IHU Founding Foundation: TÜRGEV Mission, Vision and Values Regulations and Guidelines About Ibn Haldun Corporate Identity Organization Chart Green Campus Administration Board of Trustees Office of the President Rector's Advisors General Secretariat Senate Board Of Directors Our Values Intellectual Independence Comparative Education Tradition-Inspired Innovation Open Civilization Multilingual Education Futuwwa Global Competition Preparation for the Future Our Academic Principles Statement of Academic Freedom and Academic Ethics Non Discrimination and Mobbing Statement Sexual Harassment Policy Statement Social Benefit Type the phrase to search Search International Office Ibn Haldun University International Office MENU About Us Admissions Undergraduate Graduate School of Languages Partnership & Collaboration Visa & Immigration Visa Immigration Erasmus+ & International Programs Incoming Outgoing Staff Mobility Study Mobility Internship Mobility Agreements Documents FAQ Contact us About Us Admissions Undergraduate Graduate School of Languages Partnership & Collaboration Visa & Immigration Visa Immigration Erasmus+ & International Programs Incoming Outgoing Staff Mobility Study Mobility Internship Mobility Agreements Documents FAQ Contact us Homepage Undergraduate Application Requirements/International International Admission Procedures Important Steps ______ 01 PREPARE REQUIRED DOCUMENTS ______ All documents except the photos should be submitted in PDF form. Other file types will not be accepted. 02 ONLINE APPLICATION ______ Fill up the application form step by step. You will not be able to skip to the next step unless you have entered all mandatory information. 03 EMAIL ______ After submitting the application form, you will receive a confirmation e-mail. If the email is not received, then your application is not completed. Become Exceptional. Start here. ______ Applications for Undergraduate Programs at Ibn Haldun University are open once a year. Applications are submitted online via our Online Application System. Required documents should be uploaded to the Online Application System ! UNDERGRADUATE REQUIRED DOCUMENTS 1. Acceptance Letter: Students who are admitted will receive their acceptance letters through e-mail. A printed copy of the acceptance letter must be submitted on the registration day. 2. Diploma: High school diplomas must be submitted in Turkish or English. If the document is in a language other than Turkish or English, it must be translated by a sworn translator and notarized; otherwise, it will not be accepted. 3. Transcript: Transcripts must be submitted in Turkish or English. If issued in another language, they must be translated by a sworn translator and notarized; otherwise, they will not be accepted. 4. Equivalence : The equivalency certificate is an official document proving that the student's high school diploma is equivalent to Turkish high school diplomas. Steps to Obtain the Certificate of Equivalence 1. Decide where to apply It is usually easier to apply for the certificate while you are still in your home country. To do so, you need to contact the Educational Attaché Office in your country. Click here to see the list of available offices. If your country is not listed, you must apply for the certificate immediately after arriving in Türkiye. 2. Prepare the required documents Original high school diploma. Transcripts covering all years of study. Make sure your original documents are stamped and officially certified. 3. Apply in Türkiye (if needed) Students may apply online for the equivalence certificate through: https://edenklik.meb.gov.tr/ . Detailed information and instructions are also provided on the same website. 5. Language Proficiency: English Students are required to provide proof of English proficiency through one of the following exams with the minimum scores indicated below: YDS/YÖKDİL: 90 TOEFL iBT: 80 PTE Academic: 60 CPE: C CAE: C FCE: B Alternatively, students without one of the above certificates must achieve a minimum score of 55 on the Pearson Versant Placement Test administered by Ibn Haldun University. Students who cannot present a valid language proficiency certificate from any of these exams are required to enroll in the English Preparatory Program , which is subject to an additional tuition fee. Turkish Students enrolling in the Islamic Studies and Law program are required to provide a C1-level TÖMER certificate. 6. Residence Permit: Students residing in Türkiye and holding a residence permit must bring their residence permit card on the registration day. Students without a residence permit must apply for one at the International Office after completing their registration. 7. Photo: On the registration day, students must submit four (4) passport-sized photos taken within the last six months. 8. Payment: International students with partial scholarships or without scholarships must submit the payment receipt for one semester or one year of tuition fees on the registration day. Students must present both the original documents and their copies at the time of registration. Acceptance Criteria ______ International Exams Click here to view National Exams Click here to view Related Content Graduate Application Requirements Graduate Programs Student Automation System Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Quick Menu Our University Information Security Policy About IHU Administration Academic Staff Our Values Ibn Haldun University Complex Innovative Learning and Teaching IHU TOMER Continuous Education Center Center for Psychotherapy Ethics Hotline Contact Administrative Units Library Student Affairs Art, Culture and Sport International Office Project Support Office Career Center Human Resources IHU Career System REDAM Stretegy and Resource Corporate Communication and Promotion Academic Units School of Education School of Law School of Communication School of Humanities and Social Sciences School of Islamic Studies School of Business School of Languages School of Graduate Studies Alliance of Civilizations Intitute Our Social Media Accounts This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site, you accept the cookies we use to serve you better. More Information OK, I Understand.