Türkçe Student Information System Library Quality Portal Donation 360° Virtual Tour Ethics Hotline Contact Academic Academic Faculties School of Education School of Law School of Communication School of the Humanities and Social Sciences School of Islamic Studies School of Business School of Languages Graduate Programs School of Graduate Studies Alliance of Civilization Life-Long Learning Continuous Education Center Center for Innovative Learning and Teaching IHU TOMER Academic Staff University Courses Ibn Haldun University Publications Research Research Research Centers Conflict Analysis and Peace Research Ethics Studies Hadith Studies Haydar Aliyev Eurasia Studies Research and Application Center Islamic Economics and Finance Center for Gulf Studies and Global Policy Munazara and Argumentation Ethics Psychotherapy Counseling and Psychological Services Civil Society Studies Application and Research Center Oral History and Social Memory Savings Financing Application and Research Center Turkish Language Instructions International Law and Human Rights Alternative Dispute Resolution Library Discovery Services Catalog Journal Search Engine Off-Campus Publication Order Renew Loans Course Materials Room Reservation Ask a Librarian For Researchers Project Support Office Supports and Calls Related Regulations and Guidelines Student Student Student Affairs Academic Calendar Registration Lessons Frequently Asked Questions Life in IHU Student Clubs Student Representatives Board Cultural - Art - Sports Activities Psychological Counseling and Guidance IHUCompass: Student Handbook Related Units General Secretariat Coordinatorship of Foreign Language Department of Student Affairs Department of Art, Culture and Sports International Office Career Center IHU Career System Sports Center IHU Support/Request System Prospective Student Prospective Student Undergraduate Programs Course Schedules TercihFest Quota and Points Scholarship Opportunities Prospective Student Graduate Programs Master's Programs PhD Programs Scholarships Frequently Asked Questions Student Friendly University Life in IHU Student Dormitories IHU in numbers International About About About IHU Founding Foundation: TÜRGEV Mission, Vision and Values Regulations and Guidelines About Ibn Haldun Corporate Identity Organization Chart Green Campus Administration Board of Trustees Office of the President Rector's Advisors General Secretariat Senate Board Of Directors Our Values Intellectual Independence Comparative Education Tradition-Inspired Innovation Open Civilization Multilingual Education Futuwwa Global Competition Preparation for the Future Our Academic Principles Statement of Academic Freedom and Academic Ethics Non Discrimination and Mobbing Statement Sexual Harassment Policy Statement Social Benefit Type the phrase to search Search International Office Ibn Haldun University International Office MENU About Us Admissions Undergraduate Graduate School of Languages Partnership & Collaboration Visa & Immigration Visa Immigration Erasmus+ & International Programs Incoming Outgoing Staff Mobility Study Mobility Internship Mobility Agreements Documents FAQ Contact us About Us Admissions Undergraduate Graduate School of Languages Partnership & Collaboration Visa & Immigration Visa Immigration Erasmus+ & International Programs Incoming Outgoing Staff Mobility Study Mobility Internship Mobility Agreements Documents FAQ Contact us Homepage Frequently Asked Questions Visa 1. What visa do I need before traveling to Türkiye? Before arriving in Türkiye, you should obtain your international visa if it is required for your country. There are different types of visas depending on your nationality and the duration of your stay in Türkiye. For details, please visit our web page -> https://international.ihu.edu.tr/en/visa . 2. What Happens After Entering Türkiye? Upon your entry to Türkiye and fully registering as a student in our university, you will be applying for a residence permit that will cover your period of stay after your visa/visa exemption period. International Office will be providing detailed information on this matter upon arrival. Please note that the visa application is your responsibility, and we can only provide a support letter. We do not otherwise communicate with consulates for visa applications. You must constantly track your application and provide accurate and necessary documents. KU cannot do anything if your application is late or denied. 3. Are there Additional Documents for Students Below 18? International students below the age of 18 who arrive in Türkiye without a student consular visa must bring two additional documents: 1. Birth certificate with Turkish translation (Doğum Belgesi) 2. Consent letter signed by both parents in Turkish (Muvafakatname) The consent letter should be prepared at a Turkish consulate/embassy. The letter must mention that both parents are aware and give permission to their children to study at İbn Haldun University in Türkiye, apply for a residence permit, do all bureaucratic transactions (legal actions), and they (as parents) will financially support the child for the duration of the study. If the parents are divorced or the student has only one parent, the legal guardian of the child should have a consent letter issued along with the court ruling. Sample template: Ben (passport number of parent 1) pasaport numaralı (full name of parent 1) ve eşim (passport number of parent 2) pasaport numaralı (full name of parent 2), (passport number of student) pasaport numaralı çocuğumuz (name of student)'in Türkiye'de, İbn Haldun Üniversitesi'nde eğitim alacağının farkındayız ve onaylıyoruz. Rızamız doğrultusunda çocuğumuz İstanbul'da, İbn Haldun Üniversitesi'nde eğitim alacaktır. Çocuğumuzun eğitim sürecinde maddi ve manevi desteklemeye, ikamet izni almasına ve tüm bürokratik süreçleri gerçekleştirmesine rızamız vardır. Çocuğunuzu destekleyeceğimizi taahhüt ederiz. If your country is a party to the Apostille Convention, the documents should also be apostilled. Please check if your country is a party to the Apostille Convention or not by checking the country list here . Both the birth certificate and consent letter should be translated and approved at a Turkish consulate/embassy before arriving in Türkiye. · If you arrive in Türkiye without having those documents translated and approved at a Turkish mission in your country, you should: · Visit the consulate of your country in Istanbul and get your documents stamped. Get them translated to Turkish and notarized. · Visit the Başakşehir Kaymakamlığı 4.I have an expired visa/residence permit. What should I do? If your visa/residence permit expired, you should apply for a new residence permit under "First-Time Application" on the e-İkamet website within 10 days after the expiration date. You will need to submit a Letter of Excuse in Turkish with all supporting documents. If you complete the online application after 10 days of your visa/residence permit expiry, you may be subject to a fine which will be determined by the Migration Directorate once they evaluate your application. You can learn the amount once you check the status of your application on the official website. 5. I lost my residence permit card. What should I do? If you lose your residence permit card, you should first report it to the police then submit the listed required documents to the Kumkapı Migration Office. 6. I suspended my semester. What happens to my residence permit? If you are not an active student during a semester, you are not eligible for a Student Residence Permit. If you wish to stay in Türkiye, you can make a transfer application from Student to Short-Term residence permit. You may get more information regarding the process and documents from the e-İkamet website and by calling the 157 Foreigners Communication Center. 7. I am graduating. What happens to my student residence permit? Upon receiving the "Graduated" status on IHU Student System (OBS), you can use your student residence permit until the expiry date however we would advise you to follow the information below if you wish to stay longer. In any case, you can call 157 to verify whether or not you can use your SRP after your graduation. If you wish to stay in Türkiye and are not planning to continue as a student, please refer to our International Relations Office for more details. 8. I am a full-degree international student with a valid short-term residence permit. What should I do? If you have a short-term touristic residence permit, you can continue to use it until it expires. However, a transfer application to student status must be made before the expiration. 9. I changed my department/program/university. What should I do? Regarding this, please notify the Immigration Office on this matter. 10. I am a Syrian citizen. How do I proceed with my residence permit application? If you are under temporary protection (Geçici Koruma) by the Turkish Government, you must visit the Migration Office you booked an appointment with and submit your application there in person. If you are a student and not under special refugee protection, you should submit your documents to the Migration Office. Registration 1. How do I apply for an undergraduate program at Ibn Haldun University as an international student? You can apply online through this Link http://apply.umran.ihu.edu.tr/tr/Profile/SignIn/?ReturnUrl=%2f 2. What are the application deadlines for international undergraduate applicants? The application deadline for the 2023 - 2024 academic year will be on 4, September. 3. What documents do I need to submit along with my application? · Passport · Photograph · High school Diploma in English or Turkish · High School Transcript in English or Turkish · C.V · 1 Reference letter · Intent Letter · Language certificates if you have any. 4. Is there a specific English language proficiency requirement for international undergraduate applicants? Yes, · TOEFL-IBT, 80/120 · YDS/YÖKDİL/E-YDS, 90/100 · IHU TEST, 55/80 5. Is there a specific Turkish language proficiency requirement for international undergraduate applicants? Yes, for programs taught in Turkish, a student must provide a C1 TÖMER certificate. 6. Can I apply to multiple undergraduate programs at Ibn Haldun University? No, you can't 7. What are the tuition fees for international undergraduate students? Annual tuition fees are 10.000 USD. However, the university offers a 50% scholarship. 8. Does Ibn Haldun University offer any scholarships or financial aid for international students? Yes, the university offers a 50% scholarship 9. How long does the application review process take, and when will I receive a decision? The review process takes from 2 - 5 days. 10. Is there an orientation program for international students before the start of the semester? Yes, all the registered students will be informed on the orientation day 11. What are the important dates for accepting admission offers and submitting deposits for international undergraduate students? After receiving your Conditional acceptance letter, you will have 15 days to submit your deposit in order to get your final acceptance letter which you can use to obtain your Visa and complete your registration at the university. You can also review the academic calendar for registration and other important dates, https://oidb.ihu.edu.tr/en/2022-2023-academic-calendar-all 12. Are there any specific support services or programs for international students on campus? I don't have information regarding this matter. 13. What housing options are available for international undergraduate students? We have Girl's and boy's dormitories, the annual fees for the 2023 - 2024 academic year are 2.000 USD, including breakfast and lunch. 15. Is there a dedicated office or department that handles international student affairs? Yes, We have a full department called The International Office to look after international students and it includes those branches "Undergraduate admission - Visa and Residency - Erasmus ". 16. What are the visa application requirements and procedures for international undergraduate students? Every country has its own rules but regarding the university, we will support your application with an official final acceptance letter. You can also contact our Visa and Residency department through this email vid@ihu.edu.tr 17 . Are there any English-taught undergraduate programs at Ibn Haldun University? We have 10 undergraduate programs, 8 of which are being taught in 100% English 18. Are international undergraduate students allowed to participate in research or internships at the university? Yes, they can through their departments. *Please keep in mind that this FAQ list is intended as a general guide for international applicants to undergraduate programs. For specific and up-to-date information, we recommend referring to the official Ibn Haldun University website or contacting the international office directly through this email international@ihu.edu.tr Erasmus+ Related Content Spring Term Application Results for the Anatolia Through a Global Eye Project Have Been Announced! Application Calls for 2025-2026 Academic Year Spring Semester Erasmus+ BIP Mobility Erasmus+ Information Session for 2025-2026 Academic Year Spring Semester Application Call for 2025-2026 Academic Year Spring Semester Erasmus+ Staff Mobility for Teaching Application Calls for 2025-2026 Academic Year Spring Semester Erasmus+ PhD Short-Term Internship Mobilities We hosted Uzbekistan's University of Science and Technologies (USAT) at IHU Erasmus+ Information Session for 2025-2026 Academic Year Application Calls for 2025-2026 Academic Year Fall Semester Erasmus+ Staff Mobility for Teaching and Training Application Calls for 2025-2026 Academic Year Erasmus+ Study and Internship Mobility News Quick Menu Our University Information Security Policy About IHU Administration Academic Staff Our Values Ibn Haldun University Complex Innovative Learning and Teaching IHU TOMER Continuous Education Center Center for Psychotherapy Ethics Hotline Contact Administrative Units Library Student Affairs Art, Culture and Sport International Office Project Support Office Career Center Human Resources IHU Career System REDAM Stretegy and Resource Corporate Communication and Promotion Academic Units School of Education School of Law School of Communication School of Humanities and Social Sciences School of Islamic Studies School of Business School of Languages School of Graduate Studies Alliance of Civilizations Intitute Our Social Media Accounts This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site, you accept the cookies we use to serve you better. More Information OK, I Understand.