Türkçe Student Information System Library Quality Portal Donation 360° Virtual Tour Ethics Hotline Contact Academic Academic Faculties School of Education School of Law School of Communication School of the Humanities and Social Sciences School of Islamic Studies School of Business School of Languages Graduate Programs School of Graduate Studies Alliance of Civilization Life-Long Learning Continuous Education Center Center for Innovative Learning and Teaching IHU TOMER Academic Staff University Courses Ibn Haldun University Publications Research Research Research Centers Conflict Analysis and Peace Research Ethics Studies Hadith Studies Haydar Aliyev Eurasia Studies Research and Application Center Islamic Economics and Finance Center for Gulf Studies and Global Policy Munazara and Argumentation Ethics Psychotherapy Counseling and Psychological Services Civil Society Studies Application and Research Center Oral History and Social Memory Savings Financing Application and Research Center Turkish Language Instructions International Law and Human Rights Alternative Dispute Resolution Library Discovery Services Catalog Journal Search Engine Off-Campus Publication Order Renew Loans Course Materials Room Reservation Ask a Librarian For Researchers Project Support Office Supports and Calls Related Regulations and Guidelines Student Student Student Affairs Academic Calendar Registration Lessons Frequently Asked Questions Life in IHU Student Clubs Student Representatives Board Cultural - Art - Sports Activities Psychological Counseling and Guidance IHUCompass: Student Handbook Related Units General Secretariat Coordinatorship of Foreign Language Department of Student Affairs Department of Art, Culture and Sports International Office Career Center IHU Career System Sports Center IHU Support/Request System Prospective Student Prospective Student Undergraduate Programs Course Schedules TercihFest Quota and Points Scholarship Opportunities Prospective Student Graduate Programs Master's Programs PhD Programs Scholarships Frequently Asked Questions Student Friendly University Life in IHU Student Dormitories IHU in numbers International About About About IHU Founding Foundation: TÜRGEV Mission, Vision and Values Regulations and Guidelines About Ibn Haldun Corporate Identity Organization Chart Green Campus Administration Board of Trustees Office of the President Rector's Advisors General Secretariat Senate Board Of Directors Our Values Intellectual Independence Comparative Education Tradition-Inspired Innovation Open Civilization Multilingual Education Futuwwa Global Competition Preparation for the Future Our Academic Principles Statement of Academic Freedom and Academic Ethics Non Discrimination and Mobbing Statement Sexual Harassment Policy Statement Social Benefit Type the phrase to search Search Student Affairs Department Ibn Haldun University Student Affairs Department MENU About Our Team Applications Double Major-Minor Application Internal Horizontal Transfer Application Inter-Institutional Horizontal Transfer Application Application for Horizontal Transfer with Central Placement Score The Honors Program Special Student Application Single Course Exam Application Additional Exam Application Registration Guides Registration Renewal Undergraduate Programs Registration Guide for Turkish Citizens Undergraduate Programs Registration Guide for International Students Graduate Programs Registration Guide Courses Course Schedule Exam Schedule Academic Calendar OBS Legislation Forms FAQ Contact About Our Team Applications Double Major-Minor Application Internal Horizontal Transfer Application Inter-Institutional Horizontal Transfer Application Application for Horizontal Transfer with Central Placement Score The Honors Program Special Student Application Single Course Exam Application Additional Exam Application Registration Guides Registration Renewal Undergraduate Programs Registration Guide for Turkish Citizens Undergraduate Programs Registration Guide for International Students Graduate Programs Registration Guide Courses Course Schedule Exam Schedule Academic Calendar OBS Legislation Forms FAQ Contact Homepage Undergraduate Programs Registration Guide for International Students International students who have the right to register in our university can complete their final registration process in person at Ibn Haldun University Başakşehir Campus. We kindly request you to view our academic calendar for the important dates regarding the processes of our University. For in-person registration, students must come to Ibn Haldun University Başakşehir Campus between the dates to be announced in the acceptance letter and complete the registration process. Students who come to registration outside the specified date range cannot be registered. Required Documents for Enrollment Original high school diploma/graduation certificate and its copy Turkish/English translations of high school diploma/graduation certificate and its copy High school equivalency certificate and its copy High school transcript and its copy (Which includes all courses from all years) Turkish/English translations of high school transcript and its copy (Which includes all courses from all years) Original and photocopy of passport (Expired passports are not valid) Residence permit and its copy (Those unable to provide a residence permit must complete their residence permit application with the guidance of International Relations Office upon their arrival to Türkiye.) Student visa 4 passport size photographs taken within the last 6 months Language Proficiency Certificate (The adequacy of the foreign language level of the students is determined by the Foreign Language Proficiency Exam or by certifying that they are successful at the level determined by one of the international/national language exams accepted by YÖK and the Senate of our University). KVKK Declaration Form Important Information Students have to show up personally for registration. Postal service is not allowed. Notarized translations must be submitted with the originals if the registration documents are not in Turkish or English. During the document submission, the original versions of the papers will be returned after checking, and copies will be received. Unofficial documents are not accepted during registration. Registration procedures cannot be completed with missing or falsified documents. Legal action is to be taken against those who submit falsified documents. Candidates who fail to register between the specified dates cannot claim any rights. An e-mail address will be created on your behalf upon completion of your registration. Since all announcements and notifications of the university will be made to this address, it is of great importance to follow your e-mail constantly. For your questions about registration, do not hesitate to contact us via registration@ihu.edu.tr . Click here to access the International License Registration infographic. Preparatory Programs Our university has a compulsory English Preparatory Program and an optional Arabic Preparatory Program for all undergraduate programs. Undergraduate students who do not submit one of the proficiency documents that will provide exemption from the English Preparatory Program are required to take the Placement Test in order to determine their English language level and to be placed in classes appropriate to their level. Students who think that they are at the beginner level are also required to take the Placement Test, otherwise they will not be included in the English Preparatory Program. For detailed information about this exam, please visit the Placement Test page. If you have any questions about the exam, please contact the School of Foreign Languages at prep.english@ihu.edu.tr. The Placement Test will be conducted online and the exam information will be sent to our students by the School of Foreign Languages via the e-mail addresses provided by our University. If you are exempt from English Preparatory Program, you must indicate your request to be included in the Arabic Preparatory Program or to start the undergraduate program in the Optional Preparatory Form and send the form to ogrenciisleri@ihu.edu.tr. All students who are registered in our university and want to enroll in the Arabic Preparatory Program by being exempt from English Preparatory Program must take the online Placement Test. Students who think that they are at the beginner level are also required to take this exam. Transportation Our students can arrive to Ibn Haldun University bus stop through public buses that are specified below. 78B Fenertepe Peronlar - Yenibosna Metro 78C Fenertepe Peronlar - Yunus Emre Mahallesi 78E Fenertepe Peronlar - Kayabaşı Kiptaş 78F Fenertepe Peronlar - Metrokent 78G Fenertepe Peronlar - Güvercintepe 78H Fenertepe Peronlar - Eminönü 78Ş Fenertepe Peronlar - Şahintepesi 78ZB Fenertepe Peronlar - Zeytinburnu Metro 146BA Fenertepe Peronlar - Avcılar 146F Fenertepe Peronlar - Bahçeşehir 146K Fenertepe Peronlar - Birlik Mahallesi MK31 Fenertepe Peronlar - Kanuni Sultan Süleyman Information Services Our university allocates an e-mail account for all registered students. You can access the wireless network and all the systems related to you as a student such as library databases, and student information system. The user name and password of your e-mail account are the same as the user name and password of all other systems that you will be using at the University. Our university provides e-mail service through Gmail. You can reach your e-mails at gmail.com Your e-mail account will be created in the format of name.surname@stu.ihu.edu.tr. Your default password is your Foreigner ID number. To activate your account, the password is needed to be changed. You can change your password through the link below: https://pass.ihu.edu.tr/ After the password change, the accessing such as e-mail services will be automatically activated. The new password will also apply to all services that are accessed with your username and password. The students who have more than one name need to specify the name preference during enrollment. Example account: Name and Surname: Mehmet YILMAZ E-mail address: mehmet.yilmaz@stu.ihu.edu.tr User Name: mehmet.yilmaz Dormitories Students who want to get detailed information about our University's dormitories can contact the related department via yurt@ihu.edu.tr . For detailed information, click here . Payment Transactions Our international students can only make their payments via bank transfer/wire transfer after the document submission process is completed for the university registration. * The remaining annual amount after the scholarship discount will be paid in 2 installments (in September and February) during the course registration periods. * Students who wish to do so can start making their payments before these dates. These students can contact the Administrative and Financial Affairs Department via the email address maliisler@ihu.edu.tr . Bank Information: Account Name: İbn Haldun Üniversitesi Bank Name: Kuveyt Türk Katılım Bankası Bank Branch : İkitelli Şubesi (0029) IBAN : TR03 0020 5000 0943 4169 0001 02 (USD) Related Content Double Major & Minor Program 2022-2023 Spring Internal Transfer Between Undergraduate Programs 2024-2025 Fall Student Affairs Department 2025-2026 Spring Semester Course Schedule Registration Renewal Kurumiçi Yatay Geçiş Başvuru Sonuçları Course Schedule Category Graduate Programs Registration Guide Internal Transfer Between Undergraduate Programs 2022-2023 Spring 2024-2025 Academic Year Spring Semester Minor Application Results Quick Menu Our University Information Security Policy About IHU Administration Academic Staff Our Values Ibn Haldun University Complex Innovative Learning and Teaching IHU TOMER Continuous Education Center Center for Psychotherapy Ethics Hotline Contact Administrative Units Library Student Affairs Art, Culture and Sport International Office Project Support Office Career Center Human Resources IHU Career System REDAM Stretegy and Resource Corporate Communication and Promotion Academic Units School of Education School of Law School of Communication School of Humanities and Social Sciences School of Islamic Studies School of Business School of Languages School of Graduate Studies Alliance of Civilizations Intitute Our Social Media Accounts This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site, you accept the cookies we use to serve you better. More Information OK, I Understand.