Skip to main content Visit Princeton.edu Secondary Navigation Apply Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Search Main Navigation (First Col) Apply Cost & Aid Academics Community Diversity Main Navigation (Mid Col) Apply Overview Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Cost & Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Fees & Payment Options Academics Overview Degrees & Departments Minors What Does Liberal Arts Mean? The Senior Thesis Faculty Profiles First-Year Seminars & The Precept System Intern & Study Abroad Advising & Mentoring Community Overview Athletics Clubs & Organizations Residential Colleges & Housing Dining Options ROTC Campus Resources Fun Facts Diversity Overview Statement of Values Campus Resources & Centers Counselor Access & CBOs Institutional Partners DE&I Blog Content New & Noteworthy Main Navigation (Mobile) Apply Overview Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Cost & Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Fees & Payment Options Academics Overview Degrees & Departments Minors What Does Liberal Arts Mean? The Senior Thesis Faculty Profiles First-Year Seminars & The Precept System Intern & Study Abroad Advising & Mentoring Community Overview Athletics Clubs & Organizations Residential Colleges & Housing Dining Options ROTC Campus Resources Fun Facts Diversity Overview Statement of Values Campus Resources & Centers Counselor Access & CBOs Institutional Partners DE&I Blog Content New & Noteworthy Contact Visit FAQ Blog Podcast Hero Content International Students Home Apply International Students Princeton welcomes applications from students around the world. We review all applications in the same manner, regardless of citizenship or country of residence. Similar to applicants from the United States, we evaluate applicants outside the United States with their immediate context and opportunities in mind, including the education systems of different national and international systems. Please note that there is no preference or advantage to a particular system or country. We also are familiar with the education systems of most countries, although you are, of course, welcome to provide additional information about the schools you have attended. Before you begin preparing your application, we encourage you to review our application checklist , standardized testing requirements and financial aid program . Financial Aid The full need of all admitted international students is met the same as it is for students from the United States. Princeton admission is need-blind - there is no disadvantage in the admission process for financial aid applicants. Students who qualify for financial aid will receive a grant, rather than a loan that has to be repaid. Our financial aid program is entirely based on need. Princeton does not offer academic or athletic merit scholarships. Financial aid awards cover the difference between Princeton's costs and the amount your family is expected to contribute to your education. The parental contribution is based on our evaluation of your financial aid application. Transcript (Academic Record) Your transcript (or your academic record) is evaluated within the context of your educational system and school curriculum. Your academic record should include any available internal grades from classes, achieved marks from external exams (for example: IGCSE, British A-Level, International Baccalaureate, national leaving exams such as Std X/Std XII in India) or a combination of both. If leaving exams are a part of the graduation requirements, please ask your school official to submit predicted or achieved results as they become available. If your school or national education system does not provide internal grades, you are not required to report them. We also do not expect you or your school to provide a conversion or grade-point average (GPA) if this is not a standard practice provided by your school or education system. Graded Written Paper The graded written paper must be submitted in English and can come from O- or A-level coursework, so long as this student-written essay meets all of the other requirements listed. The graded written paper and teacher comments should not be translated from another language into English, they must be written in English. If you are also submitting a rubric, that must also be in English. Please refer to general requirements for the graded written paper . English Proficiency If English is not your native language and you are attending a school where English is not the language of instruction, you must take the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) , the International English Language Testing System Academic (IELTS Academic) , the Duolingo English Test ( DET ) or the Pearson Test of English Academic (PTE Academic) . You are not required to take the TOEFL, IELTS, Duolingo or PTE Academic if English is your native language or if you have spent at least three years at a secondary school where English is the primary language of instruction. School Reports and Recommendations School Report. If your school does not have a counselor for students applying to university, please ask a school official - such as a principal, vice principal or dean - to complete your School Report available on the application. Midyear Report. This includes new internal or predicted grades after the first semester or trimester of your final year. If your school does not provide midyear grades or predictions, or if you have already graduated, your counselor or school official does not need to submit a Midyear Report. Final Report. We require all students who are admitted and intending to enroll to have their school submit the Final Report, which includes internal grades (if available) and external marks from your final year. We understand that results from external exams may come in after our Final Report deadline. As such, we ask your school to submit them as they become available. If the person you ask to complete a teacher recommendation or School Report is not comfortable writing in English, he or she may complete the forms in another language. However, you will need to have the forms officially translated before they are submitted to the Admission Office. Translations can be provided by an official in your school, or a third party, but paid translations are not required. Knowing the friends that I made during [International Orientation] will be navigating this four-year experience with me, or that I will always be able to reach out to the international community on campus, makes me feel that I've found my home away from home. - Laura Zhang '26 Read the blog Financial Aid Princeton has the same financial aid policy for all students regardless of citizenship, citizenship status and their ability to pay the cost of attendance. Review Graded Written Paper The graded written paper will help the Office of Admission assess the student's written expression in an academic setting. Review Standardized Testing Standardized testing is but one element of our comprehensive and holistic application review process. Review From the Blog PODCAST: " Trends for International Recruitment and the Admission Process" In this episode, host Esteban Aguas '19 speaks with Justin Parsons, associate dean for international recruitment, about the similarities and differences in the Princeton application process for international students. PODCAST: "Bridging the Gap" In this episode, Irene shares her immersive Bridge Year experience in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, while Felicia reflects on her journey from her hometown of Jakarta. BLOG: "What You Have to Gain is Wonderful" Blogger Kate Macakanja shares some thoughts on her Bridge Year Experience. Admitted students have the opportunity to take part in our Novogratz Bridge Year program, which is a Princeton-sponsored, service-oriented gap year. BLOG: "Making Connections Through the Davis International Center" Blogger Seyi Jung explains how the Davis International Center helped her acclimate to campus and made Princeton a 'home away from home.' BLOG: "Coming to Princeton from Kenya" Blogger Yujin Angolio reflects on her transition to college coming to the US from Kenya. BLOG: "An International Student's Guide for Arrival" Blogger Roberto Hasbun answers many of your burning questions about arriving to campus as an international student. FAQs for International Students More Frequently Asked Questions Footer Admission ACCESSIBILITY Blog Contact Counselors REQUEST INFO © 2026 The Trustees of Princeton University The Office of Admission resides within the Office of the Dean of the College. Diversity and Non-discrimination Privacy Notice