Skip to main content Visit Princeton.edu Secondary Navigation Apply Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Search Main Navigation (First Col) Apply Cost & Aid Academics Community Diversity Main Navigation (Mid Col) Apply Overview Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Cost & Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Fees & Payment Options Academics Overview Degrees & Departments Minors What Does Liberal Arts Mean? The Senior Thesis Faculty Profiles First-Year Seminars & The Precept System Intern & Study Abroad Advising & Mentoring Community Overview Athletics Clubs & Organizations Residential Colleges & Housing Dining Options ROTC Campus Resources Fun Facts Diversity Overview Statement of Values Campus Resources & Centers Counselor Access & CBOs Institutional Partners DE&I Blog Content New & Noteworthy Main Navigation (Mobile) Apply Overview Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Cost & Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Fees & Payment Options Academics Overview Degrees & Departments Minors What Does Liberal Arts Mean? The Senior Thesis Faculty Profiles First-Year Seminars & The Precept System Intern & Study Abroad Advising & Mentoring Community Overview Athletics Clubs & Organizations Residential Colleges & Housing Dining Options ROTC Campus Resources Fun Facts Diversity Overview Statement of Values Campus Resources & Centers Counselor Access & CBOs Institutional Partners DE&I Blog Content New & Noteworthy Contact Visit FAQ Blog Podcast Hero Content Standardized Testing Home Apply Standardized Testing Princeton will return to requiring standardized testing for undergraduate admission beginning with the 2027-28 admission cycle. First-year and transfer applicants seeking to enroll in fall 2028 will need to submit either SAT or ACT scores. Please see below for more information about the current and upcoming admission cycles. Standardized Testing Policy Beginning With 2027-28 Admission Cycle Princeton will return to requiring standardized testing for undergraduate admission beginning with the 2027-28 admission cycle. First-year and transfer applicants seeking to enroll in fall 2028 will need to submit either SAT or ACT scores. Standardized testing is just one element of the University's comprehensive and holistic application review. There are no minimum test score requirements for admission. All information in each student's application is considered in the student's individual context. Princeton will not require active military personnel to submit standardized test scores, because lack of regular access to testing facilities and other logistical constraints associated with their service may prevent them from testing at times aligned with Princeton's application deadlines. Active members of the military who opt to apply to Princeton without an SAT or ACT score will not be at a disadvantage in our process. The University paused the standardized testing requirement for undergraduate admission in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and lack of access to testing centers. The University later extended the pause for several academic years. The decision to resume testing requirements follows a review of five years of data from the test-optional period, which found that academic performance at Princeton was stronger for students who chose to submit test scores than for students who did not. The review concluded that standardized testing is among the tools that can be helpful in indicating potential for academic success at Princeton. Standardized Testing Policy for 2026-27 Admission Cycle For first-year and transfer applicants seeking to enroll in fall 2027, Princeton remains test optional. Students who opt to apply to Princeton in 2026-27 cycle without an ACT or SAT score will not be at a disadvantage in our process. For those who do submit standardized test scores, you must submit your SAT and/or ACT scores to Princeton directly from the testing firms. We allow applicants to use the score choice feature of the SAT and accept only the highest composite score of the ACT, but we encourage the submission of all test scores. Note: We do not superscore between the paper test and the digital test; you can only utilize score choice if the tests are in the same format. When registering for the SAT or ACT, use the following codes to ensure your scores are sent to Princeton: SAT: 2672 and ACT: 2588. Princeton will accept scores from both the original and redesigned versions of the ACT. The science section of the redesigned ACT is optional. All exams taken prior to April 2025 should be reported with all four sections (EMRS). We understand that the differences in timing for US and international regions may impact the ACT's availability to students during the transition period. We will accept the old ACT with all four sections (EMRS) or the new ACT with three sections (EMR) equally and have no preference for one over the other. Notes on additional testing: If you sat for an Advanced Placement (AP) or International Baccalaureate (IB) test, we recommend that you self-report all of your AP or IB scores on your application. For those who do submit standardized test scores, you must submit your SAT and/or ACT scores to Princeton directly from the testing firms. If English is not your native language and you are attending a school where English is not the language of instruction, you must take the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), the International English Language Testing System Academic (IELTS Academic), the Duolingo English Test (DET) or the Pearson Test of English Academic (PTE Academic). Testing Deadlines If you choose to submit testing, applicants should take the SAT or the ACT by the October test date for single-choice early action and the December date for regular decision. Students taking standardized tests in December or later should have their scores sent directly to Princeton. Transfer applicants who choose to sit for the test must complete all SAT testing by the March test date. All ACT testing must be completed by the February test date Testing FAQs View FAQs Now that I have taken small seminar classes with amazing faculty, I recognize the effect of the University's commitment to my experience. - Sebastian Martinez Hall '27 Read the blog Why Princeton? My Love Letter to Princeton 2021-12-15 Application One of the Best Decisions of My Life 2020-04-23 Application Finding Home 2020-04-17 Academics Why We All Love Princeton 2018-04-26 Academics View More Footer Admission ACCESSIBILITY Blog Contact Counselors REQUEST INFO © 2026 The Trustees of Princeton University The Office of Admission resides within the Office of the Dean of the College. Diversity and Non-discrimination Privacy Notice