Admission Visit Request Information Quick Links Request Information CLOSE Admission Apply Frequently Asked Questions Guidelines for Using AI in Your Application to Bates Application Checklist Application Rounds and Timeline Optional and Required Testing International Applicants Transfer Applicants QuestBridge and Bates College Undocumented & DACA Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Veteran Applicants Financial Aid MyinTuition College Cost Estimator Connect Connect with Bates Campus Visits & Events Special Events Live Virtual Programming Request Information Bates Visits You Admission Team Admission Team by Region Ask a Student Prologue to Bates Alumni Conversation For School Counselors Counselor Advisory Board Explore Bates Virtual Tours of Bates Academics Arts Campus Life Lewiston & Maine Purposeful Work Equity & Inclusion Bobcat Athletics Ask the (College) Experts Bates College Viewbook Application Portal International Applicants Visit Request Information Apply International Applicants Bates welcomes students with a variety of international backgrounds and experiences to apply. Non-U.S. citizens, dual citizens and permanent residents with the United States, and Americans studying abroad for secondary school all contribute to the dynamic global community at Bates. In total, over 70 countries are represented among the Bates student body. Application procedures for Bates, as well as other American colleges, are quite different from those in many other countries. To gain familiarity with the terminology and basic procedures, consider exploring EduPass, which offers information on everything from cultural differences to English-proficiency exams. See below for more information about Bates, the application process, and financial aid opportunities for international students. Bates at a Glance for International Prospective Students Download this PDF for a helpful overview of Bates for international students, including quick facts, current student profiles, and our admission and financial aid timelines! Frequently Asked Questions Who Is An International Student? Who qualifies as an international student during the admission process at Bates? An international student at Bates is defined as a non-U.S. citizen whose immigration status requires a visa to be in the United States. I am a U.S. citizen but I live outside of the United States. Am I considered an international student? Your application is reviewed by where you attend school currently, so your candidacy will be reviewed by a member of our International Admission Committee . For financial aid, you are considered domestic due to your U.S. citizenship. You are a student with an international background. Applying How do I apply for admission to Bates? Read here for a detailed summary of the application process . How much is the application fee to apply to Bates? It is free for any student to apply to Bates. Can I contact a current Bates student? You are welcome to Ask a Student . Due to privacy, the Office of Admission cannot provide contact information for additional Bates students without prior approval from that current Bates student. English Proficiency & Standardized Testing Who is required to submit an English proficiency test? If English is neither your native language nor the primary language of your secondary school instruction, then an official copy of the results of an English-proficiency test, the TOEFL , IELTS , or Duolingo English Test , are required. The Office of Admission accepts all versions of the TOEFL or IELTS tests. Bates does not accept self-reported English Proficiency scores. Does Bates accept the best score for English proficiency tests? Yes, Bates College accepts the best score on tests for non-native English speakers. An official copy of the results should be submitted to the Office of Admission. Is standardized testing optional for international students? Yes, the submission of the SAT or ACT has been optional for all students applying to Bates since 1984. Your application will receive full consideration for admission whether or not you choose to submit these standardized tests. Can I self-report my standardized test scores, or do they have to be sent directly from the testing service? We accept both official and self-reported test scores. Review our webpage for more details on score submission . Interviews Does Bates accept recorded interviews conducted through InitialView or Vericant? Yes. InitialView and Vericant include a recorded interview and writing sample. Applicants who submit one of these interviews tend to be more competitive for admission. Please list Bates as a recipient for your recorded interview, and designate a star or heart if Bates is a top choice college for you. An InitialView or Vericant interview is encouraged, though not required, as part of an international student's application materials. Does Bates accept recorded interviews conducted through the Duolingo English Test? If you plan on submitting an optional interview to Bates, please know that we will accept an InitialView or Vericant interview but not an interview that is part of the Duolingo English Test. Applicants may complete an interview as part of the Duolingo English Test, but not in replacement of the InitialView or Vericant interview. Financial Aid Does Bates offer need-based financial aid to international students? Yes. Bates meets the full calculated financial need for all admitted students, regardless of citizenship status. Bates is not need-blind when evaluating applications; however, the college offers one of the most generous and inclusive financial aid programs in the United States. International students seeking assistance from Bates must indicate their intent to apply for need-based financial aid on the admission application prior to being admitted to Bates. Requests for need-based financial aid after a student has been admitted to Bates will not be considered. Non-U.S. Citizens who wish to apply for financial aid must submit the Bates International Student Application for Financial Aid (BISAFA) form, found on a student's Bates application portal . The CSS Profile is not needed to apply to Bates as an international student. Below are details about how to apply for aid and answers to frequently asked questions. What is included in an offer of financial aid at Bates? Students who qualify for financial aid can receive financial aid for up to eight semesters, in the form of a grant (that does not need to be repaid) and on-campus employment (up to 20 hours per week during the academic year). Bates does not include loans in the aid awards for non-U.S. citizens. What are the required forms and documents for international student applicants applying for financial aid? If I am not applying for aid, are there required financial forms? If you are a non-U.S. citizen* applying for need-based financial aid, please submit a completed Bates International Student Application for Financial Aid (BISAFA) form, found on a student's Bates application portal upload it to your Bates application portal after you apply for admission. We use information submitted on your BISAFA form to understand your financial need for the four years that you will be at Bates. You will not need to complete this form for future years. However, we do understand that financial circumstances may change. If your family experiences a measurable change in financial circumstances in subsequent years, our Student Financial Services Office will work with you to understand your situation, gather supporting documentation, and provide additional financial assistance, if necessary. Please be transparent and accurate with the information you provide on the BISAFA form, so we can provide a financial aid award that meets your needs. If you are a non-U.S. citizen not applying for need-based financial aid, you must complete the International Student Financial Certification Document and upload it alongside a bank letter to your Bates application portal . This document is required to enroll at Bates after being admitted. *Note: If you are a Canadian citizen applying for need-based financial aid, please submit the CSS Profile and other supporting documents. More information on financial aid for Canadian citizens is available . I am a United World College (UWC) Davis scholar. Will I receive additional financial assistance from Bates? Congratulations on being a UWC student! If you are admitted to Bates, your Davis Scholarship will be automatically included in your financial aid award. Do not list the Davis Scholarship as a source of outside funding on the BISAFA form. I am a Swaniker Scholar. Will I receive additional financial assistance from Bates? Congratulations on being a Swaniker Scholar! Bates is proud to be one of the founding University Partners with ALX Pathways. If you are admitted to Bates, your Swaniker Scholars scholarship will be automatically included in your financial aid award. Do not list your Swaniker Scholar scholarship as a source of outside funding on the BISAFA form. As a non-U.S. citizen, can I apply for financial aid after being admitted to Bates? No. You must indicate your intent to apply for need-based financial aid prior to the release of your admission decision. We do not accept appeals from any international student who is seeking to apply for financial aid after being admitted to Bates, without exception. Is Bates College need-aware for international students? Yes. This means that, on occasion, a student's financial need may impact their admission decision. Additionally, though Bates has a generous pool of need-based financial aid for non-U.S. citizens, financial need will be a factor that is considered during admission selection. Does Bates offer merit-based scholarships for international students? No, Bates is committed to providing educational access for all students, so our financial aid is exclusively need-based. Bates meets 100% of demonstrated financial need for admitted students who qualify for aid, regardless of citizenship status. I am a dual citizen or permanent resident of the United States. Do I need to submit financial forms for non-U.S. citizens? No, if you are applying for financial aid, dual citizens and permanent residents of the U.S. will submit the FAFSA and the CSS Profile . More information on need-based aid for U.S. citizens or permanent residents is available. Would my financial aid package be better if I applied Early or Regular Decision? Because Bates guarantees full demonstrated need for all international students, your financial aid package will be the same if you are admitted to Bates through any round of admission. Who do I contact with additional questions? Any questions regarding applying to Bates or financial aid for international students can be directed to Associate Dean of Admission and Director for International Enrollment, Joe Spir Rechani ( jspir@bates.edu ). United World College (UWC) Students and Swaniker Scholars Is Bates a Davis-partner college? Yes! If you attend one of the United World Colleges , you are eligible for U.S. $25,000 per year towards your need-based financial aid from the Davis Foundation. Bates is proud to be a member of the largest international scholarship program in the world. How many UWC alums are at Bates? Across all four classes at Bates, there are over 45 UWC alums from 13 different campuses! Over 25 nationalities are represented among this group. Is Bates a Swaniker Scholar partner institution? Yes! Bates is proud to be one of the founding University Partners with ALX Pathways and bring the first cohort Swaniker Scholars to our campus. To learn more about our partnership and current Swaniker Scholars at Bates, please visit our institutional webpage . QuestBridge National College Match Program What are the eligibility requirements to participate in the QuestBridge National College Match program? The Match Scholarship Package offered by Bates College is available only to U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent residents. U.S. citizens and permanent residents living abroad are eligible to apply for the match. Admission Search these pages Bates Office of Admission Request Information Lindholm House 23 Campus Ave Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 207-786-6000 Email admission@bates.edu Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next