Admission Visit Request Information Quick Links Request Information CLOSE Admission Apply Frequently Asked Questions Guidelines for Using AI in Your Application to Bates Application Checklist Application Rounds and Timeline Optional and Required Testing International Applicants Transfer Applicants QuestBridge and Bates College Undocumented & DACA Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Veteran Applicants Financial Aid MyinTuition College Cost Estimator Connect Connect with Bates Campus Visits & Events Special Events Live Virtual Programming Request Information Bates Visits You Admission Team Admission Team by Region Ask a Student Prologue to Bates Alumni Conversation For School Counselors Counselor Advisory Board Explore Bates Virtual Tours of Bates Academics Arts Campus Life Lewiston & Maine Purposeful Work Equity & Inclusion Bobcat Athletics Ask the (College) Experts Bates College Viewbook Application Portal Application Rounds and Timeline Visit Request Information Apply Application Rounds and Timeline QuestBridge National College Match Program Bates College is proud to partner with QuestBridge , a nationally recognized nonprofit organization that connects high-achieving students from low-income backgrounds with leading institutions of higher education. Visit this page to learn more about applying to Bates through the QuestBridge National College Match program. Early Decision I & II For students who decide that "Bates is my first choice," applying Early Decision (ED) is a great option. ED is binding . ED applicants who are admitted to Bates agree to withdraw all applications to other colleges. Bates offers two rounds of ED applications: EDI and EDII. Due to the binding nature of Early Decision, you are not permitted to apply to other binding Early Decision programs. What is the difference between EDI and EDII? The main difference between Early Decision I and Early Decision II is the application deadline. The deadline for EDI is November 15, and the EDII deadline is January 10. This creates two pools of Early Decision applicants, and as a result students are considered in separate rounds of competition. Check with your school counselor to select the Early Decision round that best suits your needs and school schedule. Converting to Early Decision I Students who have applied under Regular Decision or Early Decision II and who wish to convert their application to Early Decision I can do so by filing the Early Decision agreement ( use the PDF found on the Common Application site ) by 11:59pm ET on December 1. Applicants will receive notification of their admission decision by December 20. Converting to Early Decision II Students who have applied under Regular Decision and who wish to convert their application to Early Decision II can do so by filing the Early Decision agreement ( use the PDF found on the Common Application site ) by 11:59pm ET on February 1. Applicants will receive notification of their admission decision by February 15. What if you're not admitted under Early Decision? Every year some Early Decision applications are denied, and others are deferred for consideration in the Regular Decision pool. Regular Decision The Regular Decision application round is non-binding. The application deadline for Regular Admission is January 10. Bates uses the Common Application and the Coalition Application, Powered by Scoir . Please note that Bates College does not offer mid-year or rolling admission. Winter and Fall Transfer Admission Bates considers applications from students who have attended, or are attending, other institutions - including international students enrolled overseas. For the transfer applicant who hasn't yet completed a second semester at another institution, the high school transcript remains critical. For all transfer applicants, both high school and college transcripts are required. Learn more about transferring to Bates. Timeline Please pay attention to these dates as you move through the application process. Admission Plan Admission Application Deadlines * Notification from Bates Candidate's Reply Date QuestBridge Match October 1 December 1 from QuestBridge December 19 Winter Transfer November 1 Late November November 25 Early Decision I November 15 by December 20 January 8 Early Decision II January 10 by February 15 February 19 Regular Decision January 10 by April 1 May 1 Fall Transfer March 1 by May 2 May 21 *Financial Aid Deadlines Details on financial aid deadlines can be found on the Student Financial Services website . We want to ensure that a Bates education is accessible for every admitted student. Learn more about our commitment to meeting your full financial need . Applicants can review the status of their requirements on the financial aid checklist of their Bates application portal at any time. For more information about the FAFSA, please visit the Federal Student Aid FAFSA website . These short videos can also help you prepare to complete the FAFSA . A Note on Supporting Application Materials While your application and financial aid materials must be submitted by the application deadline , your supporting materials can follow soon after. Supporting materials include the required school transcripts and profile, letters of recommendation, and (if applicable) early decision agreement. Optional supporting materials are your standardized test scores or arts supplement. You can check what is missing from your application on your Bates application portal . Please know that during our busiest application processing times, it can take up to two weeks for materials to be reflected in your portal. Thank you for your patience. Requesting an application deadline extension due to natural disasters or emergencies We know that many students and educators' personal and academic lives may be disrupted by unforeseen events. We seek to be supportive, and are eager to provide personalized guidance as appropriate. Please contact us if an emergency arises. If you need an extension to submit your application to Bates, please email admission@bates.edu to communicate your intent to apply as well as a description of your situation. Each inquiry will be addressed on an individual basis. If you experience technical difficulties in submitting your application to Bates, please contact the Common Application or Coalition Application, Powered by Scoir directly. Applying to Bates Application Rounds & Timeline Frequently Asked Questions Optional and Required Testing International Applicants QuestBridge and Bates College Undocumented & DACA Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Veteran Applicants Transfer Applicants Bates Application Portal Access commonapp.org Access MyCoalition Admission Search these pages Bates Office of Admission Request Information Lindholm House 23 Campus Ave Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 207-786-6000 Email admission@bates.edu Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next