Admission Visit Request Information Quick Links Request Information CLOSE Admission Apply Frequently Asked Questions Guidelines for Using AI in Your Application to Bates Application Checklist Application Rounds and Timeline Optional and Required Testing International Applicants Transfer Applicants QuestBridge and Bates College Undocumented & DACA Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Veteran Applicants Financial Aid MyinTuition College Cost Estimator Connect Connect with Bates Campus Visits & Events Special Events Live Virtual Programming Request Information Bates Visits You Admission Team Admission Team by Region Ask a Student Prologue to Bates Alumni Conversation For School Counselors Counselor Advisory Board Explore Bates Virtual Tours of Bates Academics Arts Campus Life Lewiston & Maine Purposeful Work Equity & Inclusion Bobcat Athletics Ask the (College) Experts Bates College Viewbook Application Portal Apply Visit Request Information Apply Apply How to get started Bates' unique personality rests on the bedrock values of academic excellence, diversity, inclusivity, and social responsibility. Bates practices holistic admission, meaning the admission committee looks at applicants as a whole person and within the context of their unique circumstances. Key Facts about Applying to Bates Everyone can apply to Bates for free (there is no application fee). Bates does not require a supplemental essay when applying. Bates has been test optional since 1984. Application Checklist The first step to becoming part of this community is your application. See below for your application checklist or, if you're ready to begin, start your Common Application or Coalition Application, Powered by Scoir . Applicants interested in applying via QuestBridge can find more information on our website . And as you complete your college application, take advantage of our tips and tricks to putting your best foot forward! 1. Create an Application Account & Add Bates Go to CommonApp.org to create your account . Once you have created your account, add Bates College to your "My Colleges" list . Common Application submissions begin August 1 and remain open until the application deadline. OR Go to app.scoir.com/signin to create your account . Once you have created your account, you may start your application to Bates on Scoir . OR Go to the QuestBridge site to apply to the National College Match program. Bates College is proud to partner with QuestBridge, a nationally recognized nonprofit organization that connects high-achieving students from low-income backgrounds with leading institutions of higher education. If you are interested in our partnership with QuestBridge, visit this page to learn more . 2. Submit Additional Documents School Transcript Must be an official transcript sent by your secondary school. Bates accepts a wide range of school transcripts if they meet our stated admission requirements and provide a full and accurate presentation of what an applicant has learned and accomplished. Applicants from schools with proficiency-based transcripts will receive full consideration for admission. School Report or Profile This form provides context for your school's demographics, curriculum, and offerings. Your school counselor will submit this form when they submit your transcript. 1 counselor recommendation Recommendation forms are included in the Common Application or Coalition Application. 1 teacher recommendation Recommendation forms are included in the Common Application or Coalition Application. Applicants are required to submit 1 teacher recommendation and may submit up to 2. Additional Recommendations Applicants may wish to submit an additional recommendation from a non-academic experience, such as an extracurricular activity or employment. Please note that Bates will only accept one additional recommendation. Senior Year Grades If formal mid-year grades are not available by the due date listed below, please have your school counselor send a progress report of your grades thus far. We look forward to receiving your grades when they become available. Grade reports should be sent electronically by your school counselor electronically to admission@bates.edu . Counselors may use the Common App's mid-year grade report form found here . If applying QuestBridge Match, first-quarter (or first trimester) grades should be submitted by your school counselor by November 15 or as soon as they are available. The QuestBridge mid-year report form and details can be found here on the QuestBridge site . If applying Early Decision I , first-quarter (or first trimester) grades should be submitted by your school counselor by December 1 or as soon as they are available.* If applying Early Decision II , a mid-year transcript report is due by February 1 . If mid-year transcripts are not yet available, then your school counselor should submit your first-quarter grades instead.* If applying Regular Decision , a mid-year transcript report is due by February 15 . Reports should be submitted by your school counselor electronically. *If admitted during Early Decision I or Early Decision II, a mid-year transcript report must also be submitted by your school counselor as soon as those grades are available. Standardized Test Scores (Optional) The SAT and the ACT is optional for all students applying to Bates. Read more about our test-optional policy. For applicants who would like their testing to be considered, Bates will accept both official and self-reported test scores. Official test scores can be submitted in any of the following ways: Sent directly from the testing agency (SAT and ACT). Bates' testing codes are 3076 (SAT) and 1634 (ACT) Sent by the student's school counselor via email to admission@bates.edu Sent by the student's school counselor via official transcript Self-reported test scores can be submitted in any of the following ways: Enter scores in the testing section of the Common Application or Coalition Application Submit screenshots or scanned copies of score reports via email to admission@bates.edu For applicants who would like their testing to be considered and submitted self-reported scores, please note that official test scores will be required upon enrollment. Any discrepancies from self-reported test scores may result in rescinding your offer of admission. Early Decision Agreement (If applying Early Decision) The Early Decision Agreement ( use the PDF found on the Common Application site ) must be signed by the applicant, parent/guardian, and school counselor. Arts Supplement (Optional) Music, theater , art, dance, film, and creative writing supplements may be included in your application portfolio. Supplementary materials can be uploaded after submitting your application to Bates and receiving a PIN for online access to your Bates application portal . See our detailed guidelines regarding the submission of each of these supplements. Prospective students will be able to submit arts supplements after August 1, and up until the following dates: QuestBridge Match: November 1 Winter Transfer: November 5 Early Decision I: November 19 Early Decision II: January 15 Regular Decision: January 15 Fall Transfer: March 5 3. Apply for Financial Aid (Optional) We want to ensure that a Bates education is accessible for every admitted student. Learn more about our commitment to meeting your full financial need . Answers to frequently asked questions about applying for financial aid, such as deadlines, requirements for U.S., Canadian, and other international applicants, and more can be found on the Bates Student Financial Services FAQ page . Domestic and Canadian applicants can review the status of their financial aid requirements on the financial aid checklist of the Bates application portal at any time. International aid applicants should review their aid requirements status on their admission checklist on the Bates application portal . Special Information for: Reapplicants Transfer Applicants QuestBridge Applicants International Applicants Home-schooled Applicants What happens next? Once you have successfully submitted your application, you will receive a confirmation email that your application was sent to Bates. When your application has been processed, the Office of Admission will send you an email to the address on your application with a Personal Identification Number (PIN) which can be used to check on your application status. Due to high volume, it may take two weeks to process your application. Our office will contact you if any application items are missing. Timeline for additional Important dates and Deadlines Admission Search these pages Bates Office of Admission Request Information Lindholm House 23 Campus Ave Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 207-786-6000 Email admission@bates.edu Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next