Menu Search Admission Visit Campus Visit Virtually Student Financial Services Academics Calendar Course Catalog Resources Campus Dining Menu Events Map Alumni Events Reunion Arts Athletics New Students Library News Parents & Families Strategic Planning About Us Purposeful Work College Store Community-Engaged Learning Equity & Inclusion President Sustainability Support Bates The Quad Student Financial Services Page Menu CLOSE Affording Bates Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Apply for Financial Aid First Year and Transfer Applicants Currently Enrolled Students International Students Deadlines Frequently Asked Questions MyinTuition Cost Estimator Types of Aid Grants & Scholarships Education Loans Student Loans Parent Loans Federal Student Loan Repayment and Exit Counseling Loan Servicing Information for Federal Perkins Loan Borrowers Maine Tax Credits for Student Loan Repayment Student Employment Yellow Ribbon Program Tuition, Fees and Other Costs Paying Your Bill Refund Policy Academic Break Meal Plan Tax Information and Benefits 1098-T Frequently Asked Questions Forms & Helpful Links Contact International Students Bates meets the full demonstrated financial need for all admitted students, regardless of citizenship status, for all four years. Although Bates is not need-blind for non-U.S. citizens, the college offers one of the most generous and inclusive financial aid programs in the United States. International students seeking assistance from Bates must indicate their intent to apply for need-based financial aid on the admission application prior to being admitted to Bates. Requests for need-based financial aid after a student has been admitted to Bates will not be considered. Students who qualify can receive financial aid for up to eight semesters, in the form of a grant (that does not need to be repaid) and on-campus employment (up to 20 hours per week during the academic year.) Bates does not include loans in the aid awards for non-U.S. citizens. Non-U.S. citizens* requesting financial aid must submit the Bates International Student Application for Financial Aid (BISAFA) through the Bates application portal . The BISAFA is used by Bates to determine financial need for the four years the student will be at Bates and is part of an applicant's admission application. Additional information and application instructions can be found here . *Financial aid information for citizens of Canada can be found here . Resources for International Students Bates encourages students to seek assistance through sponsors and outside sources. In many countries, it is often possible to find information at U.S. Information Service (USIS) posts or at educational advising centers designated by the U.S. Embassy. International Education Financial Aid (IEFA) NASFA: Association of International Educators Institute of International Education (IIE) The SmartStudent Guide to Studying in the USA European Collaborative for International Schools Student Financial Services Payment Type Navigation Tuition, Fees and Other Costs First Year and Transfer Applicants Paying Your Bill Financial Aid Deadlines Student Financial Services Libbey Forum 44 Mountain Avenue Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 1-207-786-6096 Email sfs@bates.edu News & Updates October 1, 2026 Gone for 150 years: The case of the missing constitutional ar… For the past 11 days, Ladd Library has played the role of first host to a deceptively simple exhibition touring various state cultural institutions. Starting on Sept. 21, three pages of the Maine State Constitution were on display in a glass box on the first floor of Ladd. October 1, 2026 Jeff Price '87 comes Back to Bates - with the Heisman Jeff Price '87 will bring the Heisman Trophy to campus for Back to Bates this weekend. Price was named CEO of the Heisman Trophy Trust in 2025. October 1, 2026 Neuroscience launches seminar series with talk on brain circu… The Bates Program in Neuroscience kicked off its new Neuroscience Seminar Series with a talk from Peter Strick P'98, Thomas Detre Professor and Chair of Neurobiology at the University of Pittsburgh. Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next