Menu Search Admission Visit Campus Visit Virtually Student Financial Services Academics Calendar Course Catalog Resources Campus Dining Menu Events Map Alumni Events Reunion Arts Athletics New Students Library News Parents & Families Strategic Planning About Us Purposeful Work College Store Community-Engaged Learning Equity & Inclusion President Sustainability Support Bates The Quad Student Financial Services Page Menu CLOSE Affording Bates Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Apply for Financial Aid First Year and Transfer Applicants Currently Enrolled Students International Students Deadlines Frequently Asked Questions MyinTuition Cost Estimator Types of Aid Grants & Scholarships Education Loans Student Loans Parent Loans Federal Student Loan Repayment and Exit Counseling Loan Servicing Information for Federal Perkins Loan Borrowers Maine Tax Credits for Student Loan Repayment Student Employment Yellow Ribbon Program Tuition, Fees and Other Costs Paying Your Bill Refund Policy Academic Break Meal Plan Tax Information and Benefits 1098-T Frequently Asked Questions Forms & Helpful Links Contact First Year and Transfer Applicants We encourage any family concerned about paying for college to apply for need-based financial aid from Bates. To be considered, you must indicate that you will be applying for financial aid on your admission application and provide all of the materials shown below by the applicable deadline. Please note that Bates is committed to meeting 100% of the full demonstrated financial need of every admitted student, regardless of citizenship or immigration status. Financial Aid Deadlines Requirements for Domestic Applicants* 2027-28 CSS Profile - The CSS Profile must be completed by you and your parents (custodial and noncustodial) if you are requesting institutional financial aid from Bates. You do not need to complete the Profile if you are requesting only federal financial aid. Our Profile school code is 3076. 2025 Federal Income Tax Returns and W-2 Forms - You and your parents (custodial and noncustodial) must submit copies of 2025 tax returns with all schedules and W-2 forms to the College Board's Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC) . If you or your parents did not file a 2025 income tax return, please complete a Non-Tax Filer Statement available on IDOC. Corporations and/or Partnerships : If your parents own an interest in a business corporation, submit a copy of the corporate tax return and/or a copy of IRS Form 1120S, Schedule K-1. If your parents have income from a partnership, submit a copy of the partnership tax return and/or a copy of IRS Form 1165, Schedule K-1. These materials can be submitted through IDOC. 2027-28 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) - Only applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents should complete the FAFSA. Our federal school code is 002036. *U.S. citizens or permanent residents, regardless of country of residence, and undocumented applicants. Requirements for Canadian Citizens 2027-28 CSS Profile - The CSS Profile must be completed by your parents (custodial and noncustodial) if you are requesting institutional financial aid from Bates. Our Profile school code is 3076. 2024 Canadian Income Tax Returns and T4 Forms - You and your parents (custodial and noncustodial) must submit copies of 2025 income tax returns with all schedules and T4 forms to the College Board's Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC) . If you or your parents did not file a 2025 income tax return, please complete a Non-Tax Filer Statement available on IDOC. If you have questions about financial aid at Bates for students matched to Bates through the QuestBridge National College Match program or about applying for financial aid in general, please contact the Student Financial Services at sfs@bates.edu . Requirements for International Applicants Non-U.S. citizens (excluding Canadian and undocumented applicants) requesting financial assistance must submit the Bates International Student Application for Financial Aid (BISAFA) through the Bates application portal . The BISAFA is used by Bates to determine financial need for the four years the student will be at Bates and is part of an applicant's admission application. Additional information and application instructions can be found here . Questbridge Bates College is proud to partner with QuestBridge , a nationally recognized nonprofit organization that connects high-achieving students from low-income backgrounds with leading institutions of higher education. If you apply through the National College Match program , rank Bates, and are matched with Bates, your financial aid will cover all direct costs each semester for eight semesters. You and your family will be responsible for covering indirect expenses (visit this page to learn more about direct and indirect costs at Bates.) Visit the QuestBridge website for detailed information about application requirements and additional materials to complete your application for financial aid at Bates. If you choose to not participate in the QuestBridge Match process, are not selected as a finalist, or you are not matched with any college and apply to Bates in Early Decision I, Early Decision II, or Regular Decision, you should follow the instructions shown above. Students who are accepted to Bates will receive information regarding their institutional aid eligibility with their letter of acceptance, if their application is complete. Students who apply but are not eligible for need-based financial aid at the time of their admission may reapply for financial aid each year. Please note that the FAFSA is the only application required for students seeking only federal financial aid. Student Financial Services Payment Type Navigation Tuition, Fees and Other Costs First Year and Transfer Applicants Paying Your Bill Financial Aid Deadlines Student Financial Services Libbey Forum 44 Mountain Avenue Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 1-207-786-6096 Email sfs@bates.edu News & Updates October 1, 2026 Gone for 150 years: The case of the missing constitutional ar… For the past 11 days, Ladd Library has played the role of first host to a deceptively simple exhibition touring various state cultural institutions. Starting on Sept. 21, three pages of the Maine State Constitution were on display in a glass box on the first floor of Ladd. October 1, 2026 Jeff Price '87 comes Back to Bates - with the Heisman Jeff Price '87 will bring the Heisman Trophy to campus for Back to Bates this weekend. Price was named CEO of the Heisman Trophy Trust in 2025. October 1, 2026 Neuroscience launches seminar series with talk on brain circu… The Bates Program in Neuroscience kicked off its new Neuroscience Seminar Series with a talk from Peter Strick P'98, Thomas Detre Professor and Chair of Neurobiology at the University of Pittsburgh. Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next