Admission Visit Request Information Quick Links Request Information CLOSE Admission Apply Frequently Asked Questions Guidelines for Using AI in Your Application to Bates Application Checklist Application Rounds and Timeline Optional and Required Testing International Applicants Transfer Applicants QuestBridge and Bates College Undocumented & DACA Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Veteran Applicants Financial Aid MyinTuition College Cost Estimator Connect Connect with Bates Campus Visits & Events Special Events Live Virtual Programming Request Information Bates Visits You Admission Team Admission Team by Region Ask a Student Prologue to Bates Alumni Conversation For School Counselors Counselor Advisory Board Explore Bates Virtual Tours of Bates Academics Arts Campus Life Lewiston & Maine Purposeful Work Equity & Inclusion Bobcat Athletics Ask the (College) Experts Bates College Viewbook Application Portal Frequently Asked Questions Visit Request Information Apply Frequently Asked Questions Below you will find answers to the questions we receive most often at Bates Admission. However, if there is a question you have that isn't answered here, or if you have concerns about an answer below, please feel free to contact us via email at admission@bates.edu , by phone at +1-207-786-6000 , or by contacting the admission officer for your location . Select a link below to jump to the topic you're looking for: How to Connect with Bates Applying, Application Materials, and Deadlines Testing Additional Materials Financial Aid Bates Application Portal & Admission Decision Admitted Students Waitlisted Students How to Connect with Bates Can I visit campus? Yes! The Office of Admission welcomes prospective students and their families Monday - Friday, except when noted. The office is also open on select Saturdays in the fall and spring. We encourage you to register in advance when possible, but we also accept walk-ins. The Office of Admission is open Monday - Friday, 8:30am-4:00pm. Register for a campus visit or other on-campus events . What types of live virtual events do you have? We have a lot going on! Click to register for any of these live, virtual events. Virtual Information Session: Foundational information about the college, along with admission and financial aid tips. An admission dean or counselor will be joined by a current student. Bobcat Chats: Casual, student-only conversations about the Bates student experience. These occur as a Zoom meeting, so feel free to turn on your camera! How can I connect with Bates community members? A great starting point is our Ask a Student webpage. Learn about current students and find contact information so that you can reach out to them. They are excited to connect with you! If you have specific questions about the college search process or your application, please contact your regional admission representative . We'll also be visiting you at high schools and college fairs throughout the year! See the locations and dates on our Bates Visits You page. Are there other things I should explore? Bates College YouTube On-Demand Information Session Bates News Bates on Social Media Explore Pages Applying, Application Materials, and Deadlines How do I apply? What is the application fee? Visit our application checklist page for complete details. Bates College does not charge an application fee to apply. What are the Bates application deadlines for each application round? You may find all Bates application deadlines here . Please pay attention to these dates as you move through the application process. How do I respond to my offer of admission? You can reply to your offer of admission by logging into your Bates application portal . Please note the candidate reply deadlines, which can be found on our timeline page . How do I apply to the QuestBridge National College Match program? Bates College is proud to partner with QuestBridge, a nationally recognized nonprofit organization that connects high-achieving students from low-income backgrounds with leading institutions of higher education. If you are interested in our partnership with QuestBridge and applying to the National College Match program, visit this page to learn more . I have applied to Bates through QuestBridge, and I have additional questions. Where can I find information? If you have applied to Bates as a QuestBridge Match finalist, non-finalist, or non-participating finalist and have questions, visit this page for answers to frequently asked questions . I submitted documents that are not showing up as received on my checklist. What should I do? Only required application materials appear on your application checklist. Submitted optional application materials do not. Our office takes approximately two weeks to process and satisfy all required application materials-including submitted test scores. After two weeks, if you still do not see your documents showing up as received on your checklist, please email admission@bates.edu for additional assistance. I am an international student. Where can I find answers to specific questions regarding international student applications? Please visit our international student frequently asked questions page . Is Early Decision binding? Yes, Early Decision I and Early Decision II options are binding . If you are admitted through Early Decision to Bates, you must immediately withdraw applications to other institutions and enroll at Bates. Due to the binding nature of Early Decision, you are not permitted to apply to other binding Early Decision programs. Do all supporting materials have to be in by the application deadline? (Recommendations, Transcripts, etc.) While your application and financial aid materials must be submitted by the application deadline , your supporting materials can follow soon after. Supporting materials include the required school transcripts and profile, letters of recommendation, and (if applicable) early decision agreement. Optional supporting materials are your standardized test scores or arts supplement. You can check what is missing from your application on your Bates application portal . Please know that during our busiest application processing times, it can take up to two weeks for materials to be reflected in your portal. Thank you for your patience. What if circumstances beyond my control (public health crises, natural disasters, etc.) have affected my ability to submit my application before the deadline? The Office of Admission wishes all those affected by natural disasters and extenuating circumstances - including public health situations, strikes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and wildfires - a quick and safe recovery as you return to some sense of normalcy. We know that many students and educators' personal and academic lives will be disrupted by these events when they occur, and we will want to work with you to ease the pressures on the college search and application process. We seek to be supportive and are eager to provide personalized guidance as needed. Please contact us as needed . If you experience technical difficulties in submitting your application to Bates, please contact the Common Application or Coalition Application, Powered by Scoir directly. For other concerns, email admission@bates.edu to communicate your intent to apply as well as a description of your situation. Each inquiry will be addressed on an individual basis. What should I do if I experience technical difficulties when submitting my application to Bates? If you experience technical difficulties in submitting your application to Bates, please contact the Common Application or Coalition Application, Powered by Scoir directly. For other concerns, email admission@bates.edu to communicate your intent to apply as well as a description of your situation. Each inquiry will be addressed on an individual basis. When does my school counselor need to send Bates my senior year grades? What should I do if my grades are not available by the due date? Rest assured, we understand that many schools' internal deadlines may not align with our own. If formal mid-year grades are not available by the due date listed on our application checklist page , please have your school counselor send a progress report of your grades thus far. We look forward to receiving your grades when they become available. Grade reports should be sent electronically by your school counselor electronically to admission@bates.edu . Does Bates offer direct admission? Does Bates offer rolling admission? No, Bates does not offer direct admission. Direct admission refers to a college admission process where a school proactively offers admission to qualified students before they formally apply. Bates does not offer rolling admission. Rolling admission is a college application process that reviews applications as they are received, rather than waiting for a deadline. See this page for our admission rounds and timelines. How does Bates College comply with the June 2023 U.S. Supreme Court decision regarding the use of race in admission if a student self-reports their race or ethnicity on the Common App or the Coalition App? When applying to Bates College as a first-year or transfer student and completing the profile section on the Common Application or Coalition Application, applicants will see questions asking for their race and ethnicity. Answering these questions is optional. Bates College application readers do not see or use this data when reviewing student applications for admission. Answers about race and ethnicity that an applicant shares on their application are hidden from Bates Admission during the consideration for selection. That means, when application readers review an application from the Common App or Coalition App, race and ethnicity data will not be visible as they are reading applications. In accordance with the Supreme Court ruling, after the selection and enrollment process is complete, the Bates College Office of Institutional Research, Analysis & Planning will use self-disclosed race and ethnicity data from the Common App and Coalition App for state and federal reporting, institutional metrics, and for statistical and research purposes. For more information, see information provided by the Common App and Coalition App . Does Bates deny acceptance for some applicants? Yes, some Early Decision applications are denied, and others are deferred for consideration in the Regular Decision pool. Some regular decision applicants are denied. How can I be recruited for athletics at Bates? All things Bates athletics can be found at https://gobatesbobcats.com/ . To complete a form for athletic recruitment, find the link to "Recruit Me." Go Bobcats! Can I use AI to support my application to Bates? Generative AI tools are now part of everyday research and writing, and we know applicants are curious where they fit into the admissions process. Getting to know you - your integrity, your creativity, your way of seeing the world - is at the heart of how we read applications. AI-generated text can't stand in for that. We want your application responses to come from you, not from a machine. To understand our approach, read this detailed guidance on using AI in your application to Bates . I have some questions that are very specific to me and my application. If you have questions that are specific to you and your application to Bates, please contact either your regional admission representative , or the Office of Admission at 207-786-6000 or admission@bates.edu . Testing Should I submit my test scores? Bates has been test-optional since 1984, and maintains that testing is not reflective of each applicant's future success at Bates and beyond. We firmly believe in our policy and respect each student's choice regarding the submission of test scores. The middle 50% of those who submitted testing last year can be found on our optional testing page . I will take and/or receive my standardized test scores after the application deadline. Will this impact my application? Applications will be reviewed throughout the next few months, so the sooner you can get your scores to us, the sooner your application can be reviewed. Please see further details on standardized test score submission. As a reminder, Bates is a test-optional college, so SAT and ACT scores are not required! I have questions about taking the SAT or ACT. Where should I look for guidance? The ACT and the College Board (who administers the SAT) both have frequently asked questions pages. For guidance about the ACT, visit this website , and for guidance about the SAT, please visit this page . Submitting test scores is a financial hardship for me. What can I do? Bates will accept both official and self-reported test scores. Please see further details on score submission. Does Bates "superscore"? Yes! We will consider your best section scores from different testing dates for the SAT or the ACT. Additional Materials How can I submit an arts portfolio? Does my arts portfolio have to be complete for me to submit my application? Your arts portfolio does not need to be complete in order to submit your application to Bates. In fact, supplementary art materials are uploaded after submitting your application to Bates and receiving a PIN (via email) for online access to your Bates application portal . You can also find more detailed guidelines as to the submission of each of these arts supplements . Applicants may submit portfolios up until the following dates: Early Decision I: November 20 Early Decision II: January 15 Regular Decision: January 15 Transfer Applicants: March 6 Do I need to be an arts major to submit an arts portfolio? Any applicant may submit an arts portfolio as part of their application to demonstrate their interest in participating in the creative community on campus. Does Bates offer admission interviews? What are alumni conversations? Bates College Admission does not require interviews as part of our application review process. Bates offers optional and informational alumni conversations as an opportunity to learn more about Bates, but they are not evaluative interviews. For more information about alumni conversations, visit this page . When will I hear back about my requested Alumni Conversation? Alumni will be in touch as they become available in your area. Due to the high number of requests, we cannot guarantee an Alumni Conversation. Conversations are not interviews, and they are both optional and informational - meaning you're not being evaluated during the conversation as part of your eventual admission decision. For more information about alumni conversations, visit this page . Financial Aid Where can I find answers to specific questions regarding financial aid and scholarships? Please visit our student financial services frequently asked questions page . How can I see how much Bates might cost for me and my family? We recommend starting with the MyinTuition College Cost Estimator , which just takes a few minutes to complete! Bates meets 100% of demonstrated financial need for admitted students regardless of citizenship status. We provide more than $47 million in grant aid to our students every year, and the average need-based grant for enrolling students in the Class of 2029 was $58,518. The average federal student loan debt for Bates students who graduated in 2025 was $13,279 - less than half the national average. I need to change my financial aid status. How do I do that? If you would like to change your financial aid status before the release of your admission decision, email admission@bates.edu . For those intending to apply for financial aid, please review our financial aid requirements . The intent to apply for need-based financial aid must be indicated prior to the release of your admission decision. Where can I find answers to specific questions regarding financial aid for international students? Please visit our international student frequently asked questions page . When will I hear back about my financial aid package? Admitted students with complete financial aid applications will receive their financial aid award with their offer of admission. Does applying for Early Decision affect my financial aid package? Will my financial aid package be different if I apply Early Decision or Regular Decision? No. If you are admitted to Bates through either round of Early Decision, you will receive a financial aid package that is the same as what you would receive as a student admitted through Regular Decision. Financial aid awards are never dependent upon admission round at Bates. Do I need to complete a FAFSA in addition to the CSS Profile to apply for financial aid? Yes. Bates requires applicants who are eligible citizens or noncitizens to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to calculate an applicant's eligibility for federal financial aid. Visit the Bates financial aid FAQ page for more information . For more information about the FAFSA, please visit the Federal Student Aid FAFSA website . These short videos can also help you prepare to complete the FAFSA . Requirements for international students can be different, depending on your situation. Please visit our international student frequently asked questions page for details. Bates Application Portal & Admission Decision What happens after I apply to Bates? Once you submit your application, you'll receive a confirmation email. After processing, you'll get another email with a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to check your application status. This process may take up to two weeks. To see dates for each application round, including deadlines and notification dates, please visit this timeline page . You can view your application status and your admission decision by logging into your Bates application portal . Where can I see my application status and ultimately my admission decision? You can view your application status and your admission decision by logging into your Bates application portal . I'm having trouble logging into my Bates application portal. What do I do? You are able to reset your password using your email address and date of birth on the login page. If you continue to experience difficulties, email admission@bates.edu . Can I reapply to Bates? Yes, you can reapply to Bates, as either a first-year or transfer applicant depending on your previous admission decision and your current circumstances. Please see this page for more details. Admitted Students I have been admitted to Bates. How do I make my enrollment deposit? You can submit your U.S. $300 enrollment deposit through your Bates application portal. Paying the enrollment deposit is a financial barrier for me. What can I do? If you have any concerns about paying your enrollment deposit, please email admission@bates.edu . When do I need to enroll by? The deadline for enrollment depends on your application's round (i.e., QuestBridge, Early Decision, Regular Decision, or Transfer rounds). Visit our apply page for more information on deadlines. *Requests for Regular Decision Reply Deadline Extensions For students offered admission to Bates, the candidate reply deadline date remains as listed on our website . However, if a student needs additional time to evaluate an offer from another institution that has extended its deadline, please contact Bates Admission to request an extension of our reply deadline. Bates is committed to making this educational experience accessible and affordable to all admitted students, regardless of family financial circumstances, and offers need-based financial aid to eligible students. Where can I learn more about Bates? The Admitted Student webpage is a great starting point! There you'll find more information about the college; upcoming events exclusively for admitted students and families; and ways to connect with the Bates community. I have questions about my financial aid award. Who should I contact? Please contact Student Financial Services at sfs@bates.edu or 207-786-6096. I am interested in taking a gap year. What is the process? Admitted students who wish to request deferred admission should do so in writing by June 1. Explore our webpage on requesting a gap year , and direct any inquiries to admission@bates.edu . Waitlisted Students How do I accept my place on the waitlist at Bates? Log into your Bates application portal and register your offer to remain on the waitlist. The deadline to register to remain active on the waitlist is May 1 for first-year applicants and May 20 for fall transfer applicants. Can I update my application? While we do not require additional materials for applicants on the waitlist, you are welcome to send an email with recent updates and your most recent transcript. First-year applicants should write to their regional admission representative , and transfer applicants should write to the Admission office at admission@bates.edu . Can I visit Bates to inform my decision on whether or not to remain active on the waitlist? Yes. Explore our Connect page to learn about our in-person, virtual, and on-demand offerings. Are applicants ranked on the waitlist? No. Bates does not rank active applicants on the waitlist. How are applicants selected for admission from the waitlist? If space in the class remains after May 1 for first-year students, or the reply deadline for transfer students, the Admission Committee will undertake a holistic review of applications and select applicants based upon academic preparation, involvement and impact, interest in Bates, and on occasion, financial need. When is the earliest that I might receive an update about admission from the waitlist? When is the latest? Any waitlist activity typically occurs after the universal Candidate Reply Date of May 1 for first-year applicants, or the reply date for transfer applicants. The Admission Committee makes every effort to notify active waitlist candidates by June 30. August 1 is our final notification date. How many students are offered admission from the waitlist? Every year is different. The Admission Committee has extended as low as zero to an average of seventeen offers of admission from the waitlist in the last five years. At this time, the Office of Admission cannot estimate how many students will remain active on the waitlist this year. On average, 743 students remained active on the Bates waitlist for each of the last five years. If offered a place at Bates, how much time will I have to decide? Active applicants on the waitlist need to be prepared to accept an offer of admission to Bates on a very short timeline, usually within 48 hours. Can students admitted from the waitlist receive financial aid? Bates College meets the calculated financial need for those waitlist candidates offered admission. Please ensure that your financial aid application is complete by checking your Bates application portal . Will applicants admitted from the waitlist be eligible for on-campus housing? Yes. On-campus housing is guaranteed for four years for all Bates students. Should I pay an enrollment deposit elsewhere even if Bates is my first choice? Yes. Accept one offer of admission and enroll with a deposit (usually non-refundable) by the enrollment deadline of that institution, as the timeline for your decision at Bates cannot be definitively predicted. What should I do if Bates College offers me admission after I've paid a deposit to another institution? If you decide to accept an offer of admission from Bates from the waitlist, you must immediately notify the institution where you secured your initial enrollment of your withdrawal. You will likely forfeit your enrollment deposit at that institution. Admission Search these pages Bates Office of Admission Request Information Lindholm House 23 Campus Ave Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 207-786-6000 Email admission@bates.edu Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next