Menu Search Admission Visit Campus Visit Virtually Student Financial Services Academics Calendar Course Catalog Resources Campus Dining Menu Events Map Alumni Events Reunion Arts Athletics New Students Library News Parents & Families Strategic Planning About Us Purposeful Work College Store Community-Engaged Learning Equity & Inclusion President Sustainability Support Bates The Quad Student Financial Services Page Menu CLOSE Affording Bates Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Apply for Financial Aid First Year and Transfer Applicants Currently Enrolled Students International Students Deadlines Frequently Asked Questions MyinTuition Cost Estimator Types of Aid Grants & Scholarships Education Loans Student Loans Parent Loans Federal Student Loan Repayment and Exit Counseling Loan Servicing Information for Federal Perkins Loan Borrowers Maine Tax Credits for Student Loan Repayment Student Employment Yellow Ribbon Program Tuition, Fees and Other Costs Paying Your Bill Refund Policy Academic Break Meal Plan Tax Information and Benefits 1098-T Frequently Asked Questions Forms & Helpful Links Contact Tuition, Fees and Other Costs A Bates education is one of the most worthwhile investments you will make - it will provide you with the tools for a lifetime of learning, engagement, and achievement. Student Financial Services will work with your family to make this important investment affordable. 2026-27 Costs Fee/Cost Direct Costs - costs that appear on the billing statement Single Fee (includes $73,760 for tuition and $20,800 for food and housing) $94,560 First Year Fee $475 Bates Student Health Insurance * $2,352 (full year) $1,456 (winter only) Off-Campus Study Fee (per semester) $3,310 Applied Music Fee (per course) $630 (fall) $630 (winter) Indirect Costs - estimated costs that do not appear on the billing statement Books, course materials and supplies $900 Personal expenses $1,000 Transportation $250 - $1,150 *for students who elect or are required to enroll in the Bates Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) First Year Fee First-year students are assessed a fee of $475 which appears on the fall semester bill . This one-time fee covers the cost of programming, transportation for orientation activities, and the cost of meals during orientation before the meal plan begins. Students receiving need-based financial aid from Bates will be awarded additional grant to cover this fee. Student Health Insurance All students enrolled at Bates are required to have health insurance and must provide annual proof of coverage. Students may elect coverage under their own insurance, through their employer or their parents' policies, or through the Bates Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP). The cost of coverage through the SHIP for the full 12 months is $2,352. For students who are not enrolled (on campus or abroad) for the fall semester and enroll in the SHIP for January, the premium is $1,456. To ensure that students have adequate coverage, the college requires students to either enroll in or waive out of the Bates SHIP by completing the Health Insurance enrollment/waiver process accessed through the Garnet Gateway and administered by Wellfleet Insurance Group. The enrollment/waiver process for the 2026-27 academic year closes on the following dates: Domestic continuing students - May 27, 2026 Domestic entering students - June 29, 2026 Please note that international students are automatically enrolled in the Bates SHIP. Students who elect the Bates SHIP or are required to enroll in the plan will be billed the cost of the SHIP in September (students enrolled for the fall semester) or January (students enrolled for the winter semester.) Students receiving need-based financial aid from Bates may qualify for a full or partial grant subsidy, depending on their family's Bates-determined contribution, to help offset this cost. Students who receive financial aid and have an expected contribution of $15,000 or less will receive a full subsidy, while students with an expected contribution between $15,000 and $40,000 will receive a 50% subsidy. No subsidy will be provided when the expected contribution exceeds $40,000. Please note that the expected contribution appears as "estimated remaining costs" on the Bates financial aid award offer provided by Student Financial Services. Students who take no action and do not complete the mandatory enrollment/waiver process will automatically be enrolled in and charged for the cost of the SHIP - there will be no refunds or reversals of charges. Additional information about the Bates SHIP is available through the following resources: Bates Health Services Cross Insurance Agency Wellfleet Insurance Group Off-Campus Study Fee Students participating in off-campus study (except those on the Bates Fall Semester Abroad Program) are charged a fee of $3,310 for each semester spent away from Bates. This fee is charged by Bates and separate from fees that may be charged by your off-campus program. Applied Music Students who register for and receive private music lessons incur additional fees. The fee for Applied Music is $600 per course (fall), and $630 per course (winter), which covers eleven lessons. Students receiving need-based financial aid from Bates may qualify for a full or partial grant subsidy, depending on their Bates-calculated family contribution, to help offset this cost. Students with a calculated family contribution of $15,000 or less will receive a full subsidy, while students with contributions between $15,000 and $40,000 will receive a 50% subsidy. No subsidy will be provided when the calculated contribution exceeds $40,000. The calculated family contribution appears on the student's financial aid award letter provided by Student Financial Services. Books, Personal Expenses, and Transportation Books, personal expenses and transportation are estimated expenses that do not appear on the bills, but should be planned for. Typically, these are included in your family's expected contribution toward costs. When determining financial aid eligibility, we estimate costs of $2,150 to $3,050 for books, personal expenses and transportation for the year, though the actual amount may be more or less, depending upon individual preference. How We Can Help Whether or not you qualify for financial aid, Student Financial Services can be a helpful resource for your family. In addition to need-based financial aid, we offer monthly payment plans and numerous student and parent loan options. Paying your Bill Education Loans Next: Paying Your Bill Garnet Gateway Top Tasks Paying Your Bill Monthly Payment Plan Education Loans for Students & Parents Student Financial Services Payment Type Navigation Tuition, Fees and Other Costs First Year and Transfer Applicants Paying Your Bill Financial Aid Deadlines Student Financial Services Libbey Forum 44 Mountain Avenue Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 1-207-786-6096 Email sfs@bates.edu News & Updates October 1, 2026 Gone for 150 years: The case of the missing constitutional ar… For the past 11 days, Ladd Library has played the role of first host to a deceptively simple exhibition touring various state cultural institutions. Starting on Sept. 21, three pages of the Maine State Constitution were on display in a glass box on the first floor of Ladd. October 1, 2026 Jeff Price '87 comes Back to Bates - with the Heisman Jeff Price '87 will bring the Heisman Trophy to campus for Back to Bates this weekend. Price was named CEO of the Heisman Trophy Trust in 2025. October 1, 2026 Neuroscience launches seminar series with talk on brain circu… The Bates Program in Neuroscience kicked off its new Neuroscience Seminar Series with a talk from Peter Strick P'98, Thomas Detre Professor and Chair of Neurobiology at the University of Pittsburgh. Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next