origin=manual, source=webfetch (catalog.bates.edu отдаёт сборщику HTTP 202 с пустым телом; текст снят чтением через webfetch 2026-10-01). URL: https://catalog.bates.edu/admissions/ The Admission of Students The admission requirements and procedures are designed to help the college select, from among the students applying, those best qualified to benefit from the educational opportunities at Bates. Each applicant is considered individually, and the Dean of Admission and Financial Aid may make exceptions to any requirement. Admission Requirements Application Form Bates uses the Coalition Application, the Common Application, and the Questbridge Application. In addition to biographical data, the application requests information concerning the applicant's academic and extracurricular interests, and includes a required personal statement providing an opportunity for the applicant to write on suggested topics. Record in Secondary School The secondary school record should consist of courses of a substantial college-preparatory nature. Individual cases may vary, but it is recommended that students have taken four years of English, mathematics, laboratory science, social science, and a foreign language. The college requires successful completion of high school, GED program, or equivalent for enrollment to Bates. Recommendations The college receives recommendations from school officials and references named by the applicant. Standardized Test Scores The submission of standardized testing (the SAT, the ACT, and Advanced Placement tests) is optional for admission. Independent of the admission process and solely for the purpose of the college's research, students who have taken the standardized tests must submit the results of these tests upon matriculation. Admission Procedures To be considered for enrollment in fall 2027, a student must submit an admission application no later than January 10, 2027. There is no fee associated with the application to Bates. The Office of Admission reaches its decision only after it has received the completed application form, essay, and all the data supporting an application (the transcript of the secondary school record and letters of recommendation). As a general rule, applicants are notified of decisions by late March. Admitted students are asked to respond with a nonrefundable $300 enrollment deposit payment, postmarked by the candidate's reply date of May 1. International students may make this deposit upon arrival on campus, but must accept the offer of admission by May 1. Early Decision Candidates who are certain that Bates is their first choice should give serious thought to the binding Early Decision (ED) plan. Applicants for ED must complete the ED agreement on the application and assure the college that they will enroll if admitted. Deferred Enrollment Each year, Bates receives requests from admitted students to defer matriculation for a specified period of time. Applicants requesting deferred enrollment should do so in writing to the Office of Admission at the same time that they accept Bates' offer of admission, no later than June 1. Early High School Graduate Admission Extremely capable students may be ready for college before they have completed the normal four-year secondary school program. The college welcomes inquiries from those who think they are prepared scholastically, and are sufficiently mature personally and socially, to undertake college work. International Students The college encourages international candidates with superior academic and personal qualifications to apply for admission to Bates. Non-U.S. citizens must submit the following: An application form; Official or certified copies of secondary school transcripts; A school profile and/or explanation of the school's marking system if available; Letters of recommendation; Certificates of completion and national examinations (if applicable). All documents must be presented in English; original documents must accompany all certified translations. Applicants living abroad are advised to retain copies of their applications and to submit applications well in advance of the deadlines. If English is neither the native language nor the primary language of secondary school instruction for four years, then results of an English proficiency test are required. Bates accepts the TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo English Test. Submission of SAT or ACT results is optional for all students. Bates meets the full demonstrated financial need for all admitted students, regardless of citizenship status, for all four years. Although Bates is not need-blind for any applicant, the college offers one of the most generous and inclusive financial aid programs in the United States. The intent to apply for need-based financial aid for the first year must be indicated prior to the release of the applicant's admission decision from Bates. Requests for need-based financial aid after admission notifications are not considered. Required financial aid application documents are due at the time of application for admission.