Menu Search Admission Visit Campus Visit Virtually Student Financial Services Academics Calendar Course Catalog Resources Campus Dining Menu Events Map Alumni Events Reunion Arts Athletics New Students Library News Parents & Families Strategic Planning About Us Purposeful Work College Store Community-Engaged Learning Equity & Inclusion President Sustainability Support Bates The Quad Student Financial Services Page Menu CLOSE Affording Bates Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Apply for Financial Aid First Year and Transfer Applicants Currently Enrolled Students International Students Deadlines Frequently Asked Questions MyinTuition Cost Estimator Types of Aid Grants & Scholarships Education Loans Student Loans Parent Loans Federal Student Loan Repayment and Exit Counseling Loan Servicing Information for Federal Perkins Loan Borrowers Maine Tax Credits for Student Loan Repayment Student Employment Yellow Ribbon Program Tuition, Fees and Other Costs Paying Your Bill Refund Policy Academic Break Meal Plan Tax Information and Benefits 1098-T Frequently Asked Questions Forms & Helpful Links Contact Information About Your Bates Financial Aid Offer for Admitted International Students To assist you in meeting costs, Bates has provided you with financial aid in the form of a grant that does not need to be repaid, and the opportunity to work on campus to earn money for personal expenses. Bates will provide you with financial assistance for up to eight semesters. Your Estimated Cost of Attendance At this time, your estimated cost of attendance includes the following direct and indirect costs: Tuition Food and housing Books, materials, and supplies Personal expenses Transportation The cost estimates for books, personal expenses and transportation that appear on your financial aid offer are based on standard allowances - actual costs for these indirect expenses may vary in accordance with the choices you make as a student. Costs for Books, Travel, and Student Health Insurance Students should arrive on campus with sufficient funds to purchase necessary books and supplies, and you are expected to cover the costs associated with your flight or other means of transportation to campus. If your contribution is zero and you require assistance facilitating your initial travel to campus, please reach out to our office. You may also be eligible to request a refund of any credit in the fall semester if your Bates Grant exceeds your billed costs. International students are required to enroll in the college's student health insurance plan. The cost of health insurance for 2026-27 has not yet been determined, but costs for the 2025-26 year can be viewed here . You may qualify for a full or partial grant subsidy to offset this additional cost, depending on your family contribution toward costs. Your Family's Contribution Toward Costs ("Estimated Remaining Cost") The amount of your family's contribution is based on the information you provided in the Bates International Student Application for Financial Aid (BISAFA), which you and your parent or legal guardian have certified to be accurate. Because we asked you to be transparent and honest in assessing your family's planned contribution, this determination is final and not subject to negotiation or reconsideration. Renewal of Financial Aid Your financial aid will renew automatically each year you are enrolled - you will not be required to submit an updated application. The amount of financial aid you receive will be based on your family's reported BISAFA contribution for the applicable year, and will be adjusted to reflect annual increases to the cost of attendance. Student Financial Services Payment Type Navigation Tuition, Fees and Other Costs First Year and Transfer Applicants Paying Your Bill Financial Aid Deadlines Student Financial Services Libbey Forum 44 Mountain Avenue Lewiston, Maine 04240 PHONE 1-207-786-6096 Email sfs@bates.edu News & Updates October 1, 2026 Gone for 150 years: The case of the missing constitutional ar… For the past 11 days, Ladd Library has played the role of first host to a deceptively simple exhibition touring various state cultural institutions. Starting on Sept. 21, three pages of the Maine State Constitution were on display in a glass box on the first floor of Ladd. October 1, 2026 Jeff Price '87 comes Back to Bates - with the Heisman Jeff Price '87 will bring the Heisman Trophy to campus for Back to Bates this weekend. Price was named CEO of the Heisman Trophy Trust in 2025. October 1, 2026 Neuroscience launches seminar series with talk on brain circu… The Bates Program in Neuroscience kicked off its new Neuroscience Seminar Series with a talk from Peter Strick P'98, Thomas Detre Professor and Chair of Neurobiology at the University of Pittsburgh. Bates College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions & Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next