Title: versione di cortesia bando di ammissione eng URL Source: https://corsi.unitn.it/sites/cds/files/2025-12/call-admission-disi-26-27_eng.pdf Published Time: Mon, 22 Dec 2025 09:55:33 GMT Number of Pages: 24 Markdown Content: 1 Admission Call for Academic Year 2026/27 Please note this is a courtesy translation and the only binding version is the Italian one. Ingegneria Informatica delle Comunicazioni ed Elettronica (track in Italian language) > (classe L-8 Ingegneria dell'informazione) Computer, Communications and Electronic Engineering (track in English language) > (classe L-8 Ingegneria dell'informazione) Informatica (track in Italian language) > (classe L-31 Scienze e Tecnologie informatiche) Computer Science (track in English language) > (classe L-31 Scienze e Tecnologie informatiche) 2 Sommario Article 1: Purpose of this Admission Call ......................................................................................... 3 Article 2: Target Audience and Admission Requirements ................................................................ 3 2.1 Categories of Applicants .................................................................................................... 3 2.2 Admission Requirements ................................................................................................... 3 Article 3: Number of Seats for Each Degree Course ....................................................................... 3 Article 4: Admission Procedure ....................................................................................................... 4 4.1 Admission Application on the UniTrento Website ............................................................... 5 4.1.1 Authentication on the UniTrento Website (Step 1 of 2) .................................................... 5 4.1.2 Selection of the Degree Course on the UniTrento Website (Step 2 of 2) ......................... 5 4.2 Registration and Completion of the TOLC- or CEnT-S test on the CISIA Website.............. 6 Article 5: Rankings .......................................................................................................................... 7 5.1 Rankings ............................................................................................................................ 7 5.2 Publication of Rankings...................................................................................................... 8 5.3 Criteria for Ranking Formation ........................................................................................... 8 Article 6: Deadlines overview .......................................................................................................... 9 Article 7: Pre-Enrollment and Confirmation of the educational qualification needed for admission .. 9 7.1 European and Equivalent Candidates ................................................................................ 9 7.2 Non-European Candidates ............................................................................................... 10 Article 8: Tuition Fees, Scholarships, and Accommodation ........................................................... 11 8.1 European and Equivalent Candidates .............................................................................. 11 8.2 Non-European Candidates ............................................................................................... 11 Article 9: European and equivalent candidates: application for admission to years after the first... 11 Article 10: Non-European candidates: transfer from another university or degree course ............. 12 Article 11: contacts........................................................................................................................ 12 Note 1 - Candidates belonging to the category "European and equivalent candidates" ................. 14 Note 2 - Academic qualifications obtained abroad......................................................................... 16 Note 3 - How to access to UniTrento website and ask for admission ............................................ 18 European and Equivalent Applicants ..................................................................................... 18 Non-European Applicants Residing Abroad ........................................................................... 18 Note 4 - TOLC-I and CEnT-S scoring ........................................................................................... 19 Note 5 - Candidates with Disabilities or Specific Learning Disorders (SLD)................................... 21 Note 6 - Eligibility and score for European and equivalent candidates.......................................... 22 Note 7 - Information on the processing of personal data .............................................................. 23 3 Article 1: Purpose of this Admission Call This admission call regulates the admission process for the following Degree Courses for the academic year 2026/2027: ● Ingegneria Informatica, delle Comunicazioni ed Elettronica (in Italian) ● Computer, Communications and Electronic Engineering (in English) ● Informatica (in Italian) ● Computer Science (in English ) Article 2: Target Audience and Admission Requirements 2.1 Categories of Applicants For the purposes of this admission Call, two categories of applicants are considered: ● Europeans and Equivalents : Italian citizens, European Union citizens, or non European citizens with equivalent status, hereinafter referred to as "Europeans and Equivalents." ● Non-Europeans : Citizens of countries outside the European Union who are not permanently living in Italy, hereinafter referred to as "Non -Europeans." It is essential to carefully read Note 1 in this document to determine your category and proceed correctly with the subsequent steps. 2.2 Admission Requirements Admission is subject to two conditions: ● Successful completion of the test during the calendar years 2025 or 2026, provided it is within the deadlines specified in Article 4 of this Call. ● Possession of a secondary school diploma, either already obtained or to be obtained by July 31, 2026, in Italy or abroad, provided the qualification is deemed valid. For foreign qualifications, see Note 2 . ● Exclusively for non-EU candidates: must have reached the age of majority by September 30, 2026. Article 3: Number of Seats for Each Degree Course Each Degree Course has seats reserved for European and Equivalent candidates as well as Non-European candidates. The seats are distributed across three sessions held at different times. The distribution of available seats is as follows: 4 Degree Program Session EU & Equivalent (with TOLC-I) EU & Equivalent (with CEnT-S) Non-EU (with CEnT-S) Total Information Engineering, Communications and Electronics (Italian track) 1st Session 100 - - 100 2nd Session 60 - - 60 3rd Session 10 - - 10 Computer, Communications and Electronic Engineering (English track) 1st Session 13 12 25 50 2nd Session 10 - - 10 3rd Session 5 - - 5 Informatica (Italian track) 1st Session 100 - - 100 2nd Session 60 - - 60 3rd Session 10 - - 10 Computer Science (English track) 1st Session 27 18 25 70 2nd Session 25 - - 25 3rd Session 10 - - 10 Please note : ● Non-European candidates may participate only in the first session due to the time required for immigration procedures . ● European and Equivalent candidates may participate either the 1 st , 2 nd and 3 rd sessions. Unassigned places from the first session will be made available in subsequent sessions. Article 4: Admission Procedure The admission procedure at UniTrento is divided into two essential phases: ● Submission of the admission application on the UniTrento website ( Article 4.1 ). ● Registration and completion of the test on the CISIA portal ( Article 4.2 ). 5 Both steps must be completed to be included in the admission rankings for the University of Trento. 4.1 Admission Application on the UniTrento Website When submitting an admission application, candidates must: ● Access the UniTrento website and select one or more desired Degree Courses (there is no limit to the number of Degree Courses you can apply for). ● Respect the following deadlines: o By March 23, 2026 , for the first session - the only session available for non-European candidates; o Between April 9 and May 11, 2026 , for the second session - open only to European and Equivalent candidates. o Between Jun 4 and July 31, 2026 , for the third session - open only to European and Equivalent candidates. 4.1.1 Authentication on the UniTrento Website (Step 1 of 2) To submit the application, candidates must first authenticate and create a profile on the UniTrento website by accessing the Admissions Page . Candidates can log in using: ● SPID (Italian Public Digital Identity System). ● Electronic ID Card (CIE). ● A UniTrento account (e.g., @unitn.it or guest accounts). Refer to Note 3 or technical details. 4.1.2 Selection of the Degree Course on the UniTrento Website (Step 2 of 2) After authentication, candidates must select the Degree Course and specify the Degree Course(s) they wish to apply for: European and Equivalent Candidates It will be possible to express up to 4 preferences applyin to: ● EU Domanda di ammissione Informatica e Ing. Informatica Comunicazioni ed Elettronica - TOLC-I - 2026 ● EU Domanda di ammissione Computer Science - Computer, Communications and Electronic Engineering - CEnT-S - 2026 The two selection processes are mutually exclusive: it is possible to register for either the competition requiring the TOLC-I or the competition requiring the CEnT-S. The CEnT-S test will be considered valid only for the first session. The order of preference within each competition is binding. Therefore, candidates must indicate only the programs they are interested in, strictly following their order of preference. Non-European Candidates: It will be possible to express up to 2 preferences applying to: 6 ● Non-EU Application for admission Computer Science and Computer Engineering Communications and Electronics in English - CenT-S - 2026. Impotant : Non-European candidates must apply exclusively to "Non -EU" Degree Course; failure to do so will result in exclusion from the admission process. During the application, they will be required to upload the documents specified in Note 2 . Note : Non-European candidates may participate only in the first admission session due to the time required for pre-enrollment and visa procedures. The application must include both authentication ( Article 4.1.1 ) and Degree Course selection (Article 4.1.2 ). Completing authentication alone does not qualify as an application. European candidates wishing to participate in both sessions must submit separate applications for each session, adhering to the respective deadlines. Application Fee : Submission of the application is free of charge. 4.2 Registration and Completion of the TOLC- or CEnT-S test on the CISIA Website TOLC-I European candidates The TOLC-I test is a national exam managed by CISIA (Consorzio Interuniversitario Sistemi Integrati per l'Accesso), which UniTrento participates in. To register for the test, candidates must: ● Create a profile on the CISIA platform ( CISIA Website ). ● Pay a fee of €3 5.00 . The test can be taken: ● In-person (tolc@UNI) at any of the participating universities in Italy. ● Online (tolc@home) from the candidate's location. Candidates may choose their preferred university and test mode. It is not mandatory to take the test on the dates scheduled by UniTrento. Instead, candidates can take the test at any available location listed on the CISIA website. The test schedule, methods, and registration deadlines can be found on the CISIA Website . The test is computerized and conducted using a computer. Special needs : The test is organized to meet the specific needs of candidates with disabilities or learning disorders, as outlined in Article 16 of Law No. 104/1992 and Law No. 70/2010 (see Note 5 for details). TOLC Test Scoring The TOLC score is calculated as follows: ● +1 point for each correct answer. ● 0 points for each unanswered question. ● -0.25 points for each incorrect answer. The English language section , present at the end of the test, is excluded from the scoring. Further details are available in Note 6 .7 Validity of the TOLC for Rankings Only TOLC tests taken during the following periods are valid for UniTrento rankings: ● First session : January 1, 2025 - March 20, 2026. ● Second session : January 1, 2025 - May 8, 2026 ● Third session : January 1, 2025 - July 29, 2026 CEnT-S for European candidates and non-European candidates To access the English-taught degree programs in Computer Science and Computer, Communications and Electronic Engineering , candidates may take the CEnT-S (CISIA English Test - Sciences). This test, which is valid only for the first session , is: > • Mandatory for non-EU candidates. > • Optional for EU and equivalent candidates, who may choose to be included in the first-session rankings for the English-taught programs. To register, candidates must create a profile on the CISIA platform ( https://www.cisiaonline.it/ ) and pay a registration fee of €55.00 . The test can be taken in person ( CEnT@UNI ) at one of the Italian universities participating in the CISIA consortium, or from home ( CEnT@CASA ). In either case, it is a computerized test (taken via computer). The CEnT-S can be taken once per macro-period: > • First macro-period: November and December 2025, January 2026. > • Second macro-period: February and March 2026 CEnT-S Test Scoring The CEnT-S score is calculated as follows: ● +1 point for each correct answer. ● 0 points for each unanswered question. ● -0.25 points for each incorrect answer. Validity of the CEnT-s for Rankings To be included in the UniTrento first-session rankings, only CEnT-S tests taken by March 31, 2026, are valid. Any places not allocated via CEnT-S to EU and equivalent candidates will be reassigned to the second session. Article 5: Rankings 5.1 Rankings Both steps described in Article 4 - submission of the admission application and completion of the test - are mandatory for being included in the rankings. 8 Completing only the test does not guarantee inclusion in the rankings at UniTrento, nor does submitting only the admission application without having completed the test by the deadlines specified ( Article 4.2 ). At the end of the application periods ( March 23, 2026 , for the first session, and May 11, 2026 for the second session and July 31, 2026 ), UniTrento will automatically retrieve the scores of candidates who completed the test within the specified deadlines. These scores are extracted from the CISIA database and do not require any action or communication from the candidates. For European and Equivalent candidates, those not admitted in the rankings for the first session may submit a new application for the second session as outlined in Article 4 . In any case, the best score obtained from tests completed within the deadlines for each session will be considered. 5.2 Publication of Rankings Degree Course-specific rankings will be published on the UniTrento website on: ● April 2, 2026 , for the first admission session for EU and equivalent candidates; by April 6, 2026 , for non-EU candidates and EU and equivalent candidates in possession of a CEnT-S score. ● May 20, 2026 , for the second admission session. ● August 6, 2026 for the third admission session 5.3 Criteria for Ranking Formation 5.3.1 European and Equivalent Candidates For ranking purposes, the best TOLC score obtained between January 1, 2025 , and the above specified session deadlines will be considered. Details on score calculation are provided in Note 6 - Eligibility and Score Calculation for EU Candidates . The ranking is compiled in descending order from the highest to the lowest score, within the limit of available places and in compliance with the minimum eligibility thresholds for admission: > • 18 points out of 50 for candidates competing with the TOLC-I ; > • 16 points out of 45 for candidates competing with the CEnT-S in the first session. Only in the third session , candidates who obtain a score lower than 18 but greater than or equal to 17 in the TOLC-I test will be admitted with OFA (Additional Learning Requirements) . In the event of admission to one of the chosen programs, the candidate: > • Will be automatically removed from all other rankings of a lower preference than the one in which they were admitted; > • Will remain on the waiting list for any rankings of a higher preference than the one in which they were admitted, for potential future ranking shifts (ripescaggi) . It is mandatory to pre-enroll or confirm the place in the ranking in which you have been admitted. > • If you fail to pre-enroll or confirm: You will still remain in the rankings for higher-order preferences, making you eligible for future ranking shifts for those choices. > • If you complete the pre-enrollment or confirmation: You will be automatically moved to a higher-preference degree program should places become available during the ranking shift phase. 9 5.3.2 Non-European Candidates For Non-European candidates, the best CEnT-S test result obtained between November 2025 ,and March 31, 2026 , will be considered. The rank list is drawn up in order from highest to lowest within the limit of available places and in compliance with the minimum eligibility threshold for admission of 16 points out of 45. If a candidate is admitted in the first-choice ranking, he/she will automatically be placed only in this ranking and will be deleted from the lower-ranking preference. For the purpose of recognizing the benefits of Article 8, this score will be converted into hundredths: based on the CEnT-S scores, a selection committee will make an appropriate conversion of these scores in which the minimum admission score (16/45) will be equated to 50/100. Article 6: Deadlines overview The following deadlines apply to the two sessions: Admission Application Deadline for TOLC Rankings publication First session (open to all candidates) Within March 23, 2026 Within March 20, 2026 April 2, 2026 for candidates with TOLC-I Aprile 6, 2026 for candidates with CEnT-S Second session (for EU and Equivalent Candidates only) From April 9, 2026 until May 11, 2026 Within May 8, 2026 May 20, 2026 Third session (for EU and Equivalent Candidates only) From June 4, 2026 until July 31, 2026 Within July 29 2026 August 6, 2026 Article 7: Pre-Enrollment and Confirmation of the educational qualification needed for admission 7.1 European and Equivalent Candidates Acceptance of admission for candidates currently enrolled in UniTrento or another University in Italy Candidates with active enrollment at UniTrento or at another university who are admitted in the rankings must confirm acceptance of their admission by emailing helpammissioni@unitn.it within the deadline indicated in the rankings. The pre-enrollment procedure explained below is not required. Pre-Enrollment and Educational qualification Confirmation for Candidates Without Active Enrollment 10 Candidates admitted in the rankings who are not currently enrolled at UniTrento or at another university must complete the pre-enrollment process and subsequently confirm their degree. ● Pre-Enrollment : Must be completed by the deadlines indicated in the published rankings. A non-refundable fee of €80 is required. If modifications to pre-enrollment are made within the same session, the fee is charged only once. ● Educational qualification Confirmation : Must be completed between July 6 and July 17, 2026 , following instructions published on the UniTrento website. Candidates who fail to complete pre-enrollment and/or degree confirmation within the specified deadlines and procedures will be considered as having withdrawn. In such cases, available places will be reassigned through further ranking shifts, which will be announced at the same time the rankings are published. Candidates admitted in the third session must proceed directly with enrollment according to the procedures and deadlines that will be specified within the ranking list itself. 7.2 Non-European Candidates Admitted candidates must pre-enroll at UniTrento by the deadlines and by following the procedures outlined in the published rankings. ● Pre-Enrollment Fee : A non-refundable fee of €80 is mandatory to complete pre-enrollment at UniTrento. Candidates who fail to pre-enroll within the specified deadlines will be considered as having withdrawn. Places which may become available due to withdrawals will be reassigned through one or more updates to the rankings. ● Withdrawal after Pre-Enrollment : If a candidate withdraws after paying the confirmation fee for any reason, immediate notification must be sent to stem.admissions.int@unitn.it. ● Visa procedure Candidates who pre-enroll and pay the fee must also complete pre-enrollment procedures at the Italian Embassy or Consulate in their country of living by the deadlines set in the "Annual procedures for entry, residency and enrolment of international students and the respective recognition of qualifications for higher education courses in Italy". This document, usually published by the Italian Ministry for Universities and Research in March on the Universitaly website , outlines procedures for student visas and enrollment. Pre-enrollment is mandatory for obtaining a visa. ● Educational qualification Confirmation : Must be completed between July 6 and July 17, 2026 , by following the instructions provided on the UniTrento website. Enrollment in the chosen Degree Course will be finalized only after completing these procedures and verifying compliance with the requirements outlined in Article 2 of this Call. ● Arrival Deadline :11 All admitted candidates must be present in Italy by the start of classes. In the event of delays caused by the issuance of an entry visa, only candidates who have obtained their visa for Italy no later than October 31, 2026, will be admitted; failure to do so will result in the forfeiture of admission to the degree program. Article 8: Tuition Fees, Scholarships, and Accommodation 8.1 European and Equivalent Candidates Tuition fees are calculated based on the ISEE Università value. Scholarships and discounted housing can be requested through the Opera Universitaria , the provincial board for student support in Trento. Applications must be submitted according to the guidelines and deadlines provided in Opera Universitaria's annual Call, usually published in June . Private housing options can be found on platforms such as T-rent and Dovevivo . 8.2 Non-European Candidates Tuition fees for the first academic year are determined based on the TOLC admission test score normalized on a scale of 100, as follows: Score Tuition Fees for first year of enrollment 90 -100 Exempted from paying tuition fees 70 -89 €1,000 60 -69 €2,000 50-59 €4 ,500 Candidates with a ranking score equal to or greater than 90/100 will be exempt from paying tuition fees for the first academic year. The maximum tuition fee for non-European Union students not residing in Italy is €6,000.00 per academic year: further details are available on the Tuition Fees page. Non-European candidates residing abroad who rank among the top positions in the ranking and achieve a score of at least 70/100 may be awarded a scholarship, depending on the number of scholarships available for each degree course. The scholarship allocation will be announced at the same time as the publication of the ranking. Scholarship recipients will be exempt from paying tuition fees. In the event of withdrawal from enrollment by a scholarship recipient, the scholarship may be reassigned to the next candidate in the merit ranking. The scholarship is considered as a contribution to partially cover living expenses in Trento and will be awarded only upon actual arrival. The scholarship may be granted for the subsequent academic year if the student meets the merit requirements set annually by the University. Further details are available on the Scholarships page. Article 9: European and equivalent candidates: application for admission to years after the first Considering the places available according to the annual planning, it is possible to apply for admission to years after the first. 12 Candidates applying for a change of Degree Course, transfer from another university, or recognition of exams passed in a previous academic career must follow the deadlines and procedures that will be published by February 2026 . Candidates interested in applying for admission to years after the first year may, as a precaution, register for and take the admission test for the first year of the desired Degree Course by the deadlines set in this admission call. This will allow candidates who do not meet the requirements for admission to years after the first year, following the evaluation of their academic record, to enroll in the first year if they are ranked favorably. Article 10: Non-European candidates: transfer from another university or degree course Taking into account the places allocated under the annual planning, it is possible to apply for admission to years subsequent to the first . Non-EU candidates , as defined in Art. 2 and Note 1 of this Call, may apply for admission to years subsequent to the first only after completing the admission procedure according to the methods specified in Art. 4 of this Call. Following the successful completion of the CEnT-S test and admission to the University of Trento, University Educational Credits ( CFU/ECTS ) from previous academic careers may be recognized. The conditions regarding tuition fees illustrated in Art. 8.2 remain valid. Candidates who do not meet the requirements set forth in the previous paragraph must follow the instructions that will be published on the University website starting from February 2026 . Admission to subsequent years is, in any case, subject to the availability of places in the requested degree program and the recognition of the minimum number of University Educational Credits (CFU) from the previous career required by the Regulations of each specific degree program. In the event of admission and enrollment in years subsequent to the first for the 2026/2027 academic year, it will not be possible to receive a scholarship award . Article 11: contacts ● Admissions Office For information regarding the admission procedure for European and Equivalent candidates: o Email: ammissioni@unitn.it ● International Mobility Office For information regarding the admission procedure for Non-EU candidates: o Email: stem.admissions.int@unitn.it ● Inclusion Services For candidates with disabilities or specific learning disorders (DSA): o Email: inclusione.studente@unitn.it ● Account Help For issues related to registration during the application process: 13 o Email: account.help@unitn.it ● Academic Degree Courses and Student Services Office For information on academic Degree Courses and university paths: o Email: supportostudentipovo@unitn.it • Opera Universitaria For information regarding housing applications and/or scholarships: o Website: http://www.operauni.tn.it/ 14 Note 1 - Candidates belonging to the category "European and equivalent candidates" According to the provisions of this call for admission, individuals considered "European and equivalent candidates" include people who have: > ● Italian citizenship, even if it is one of two citizenships held - in case of dual citizenship, the Italian citizenship prevails on the non-Italian one; > ● Citizenship of one of the countries of the European Union, even if it is one of two citizenships held - in case of dual citizenship, the European citizenship prevails on the non-European one); > ● Citizenship of Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Switzerland, the Republic of San Marino, or the Vatican City State; > ● Citizenship of any country not listed in the above sections (hereafter referred to as "non - EU"), who are resident of Italy or hold one of the following types of stay permits. These permits must be valid at the time of application to this selection call and must be renewable until the completion of the degree or master's degree for which the candidate is applying. > o Long-term stay permit > o Stay permit for salaried employment or self-employment > o Stay permit for family reasons > o Stay permit for political asylum > o Stay permit for subsidiary protection > o Stay permit for religious reasons > o Stay permit related to the recognition or revocation of refugee status, as regulated by Legislative Decree No. 25 of January 28, 2008 > ● Non-EU citizens permanently living in Italy who have obtained a secondary school diploma in Italy. Candidates belonging to the category "Non-European candidates living outside Italy" This category includes the following candidates: > ● Citizens of countries outside European Union, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Switzerland, the Republic of San Marino, or the Vatican City State who are not permanently living in Italy (hereafter referred to as "non -European citizens"); > ● non-European citizens who hold an Italian stay permit for study purposes and who are not permanently living in Italy; > ● non-European citizens who are in Italy with a temporary protection permit but are not permanently living in Italy and have not obtained a secondary school diploma in Italy. However, if a secondary school diploma has been obtained in Italy and the individual permanently lives in Italy, such candidates fall under the category of "European and equivalent candidates" and must therefore follow the instructions designated for that category in this admission call for applications. For the purposes of this notice, "non-European candidates living abroad" also include people who: ● Hold a secondary school diploma (five-year or four-year programs) awarded by Italian State or State-recognised schools abroad; 15 ● Hold one of the final secondary education qualifications listed in Attachment 2 of the "Annual procedures for entry, residency and enrolment of international students and the respective recognition of qualifications for higher education courses in Italy " 1; ● Hold certificates that are complementary to the final qualification of middle school obtained in Argentina, certifying attendance in a study program that included the teaching of the Italian language for at least five years, pursuant to Law No. 210 of June 7, 1999; ● Hold a Diploma in Italian Language and Culture from the Universities for Foreigners of Perugia or Siena; ● Hold one of the Italian language proficiency certifications corresponding to levels C1 and C2 of the Council of Europe, issued under the CLIQ quality system (Certificazione Lingua Italiana di Qualità), which brings together current certification bodies (Universities for Foreigners of Perugia and Siena, Roma Tre University, Dante Alighieri Society), as well as those issued by the University for Foreigners "Dante Alighieri" of Reggio Calabria, including special agreements with Italian Cultural Institutes abroad or other accredited institutions. > 1Drawn up by the Italian Ministry for Universities and Research and published on Universitaly in spring every year. 16 Note 2 - Academic qualifications obtained abroad Academic qualifications obtained abroad that are valid for admission to higher education institutions in Italy are specified in Attachments 1 and 2 of the "Annual procedures for entry, residency and enrolment of international students and the respective recognition of qualifications for higher education courses in Italy" 2. Qualifications are deemed valid if they are issued by officially recognized institutions and pertain to officially accredited programs within the education system of the foreign country. More detailed information is available on the Enic-Naric website, particularly on the Diplome page managed by CIMEA. UniTrento reserves the right to request documentation for evaluating eligibility (e.g., a statement of verification and/or statement of comparability) as outlined on the Diploma Verification page. The assessment of foreign qualifications is carried out only after the conclusion of the admission and pre-enrollment procedure specified in Article 7.1 of this call. UniTrento does not evaluate the eligibility of a qualification prior to the completion of this procedure. Below are the general characteristics required for a foreign qualification to be deemed valid: > ● It must have been obtained after at least 12 years of schooling . If the diploma for secondary school is obtained after fewer than 12 years in the candidate's country, the requirement may be met by following the instructions in Attachment 1 of the "Annual procedures for entry, residency and enrolment of international students and the respective recognition of qualifications for higher education courses in Italy". > ● It must have been obtained after attending the final two years of the foreign education system to which the diploma pertains. Qualifications issued after only one academic year in a foreign education system are not considered valid. > ● It must permit admission to a similar study program at universities in the country where the qualification was obtained. For example, if the qualification is a vocational technical diploma that does not grant access to university in the candidate's country, it will not be considered valid for university admission in Italy. Furthermore, if the issuing country requires an academic suitability test for university admission, proof of passing this test must be provided (e.g., Selectividad in Spain, Gaokao in China, Prova de Aferição or Prova Geral de Acesso ao Ensino Superior in Portugal, YSK in Turkey, Konkur in Afghanistan). Verification of Foreign Academic Qualifications Candidates must complete UniTrento's online admission procedure as described in Article 4, "Admission Procedure." The following documents must be uploaded during the online process: 1. If the final qualification has not yet been obtained: > o A list of subjects studied with grades (the Transcript of Records ) referred to the last two years of study. If the document is not in one of the following languages - English, French, German, or Spanish -a certified translation into Italian or English is required. 2. If the final qualification has already been obtained: > 2Drawn up by the Italian Ministry for Universities and Research and published on Universitaly in spring every year. 17 > o An electronic copy (scanned in .pdf or .jpg format) of the diploma. If the diploma is not in one of the following languages - English, French, German, or Spanish - acertified translation into Italian or English is required. 3. If the qualification was obtained after fewer than 12 years of schooling: > o Documentation (scanned in .pdf or .jpg format) specified in Attachment 1 of the "Annual procedures for entry, residency and enrolment of international students and the respective recognition of qualifications for higher education courses in Italy" to fulfill the requirement. 4. If the issuing country requires an academic suitability test for university admission: > o An electronic copy (scanned in .pdf or .jpg format) demonstrating that the test was passed. If the test was not taken, the requirement may be fulfilled by providing the documentation (scanned in .pdf or .jpg format) listed in Attachment 1 of the "Annual procedures for entry, residency and enrolment of international students and the respective recognition of qualifications for higher education courses in Italy". These documents are essential and must be obtained in time for submitting a visa application to the appropriate embassy/consulate. 18 Note 3 - How to access to UniTrento website and ask for admission European and Equivalent Applicants European and equivalent applicants can access admission procedures by choosing one of the following methods: Sistema Pubblico Identità Digitale (SPID) that is Public Digital Identity System, Carta Identità elettronica (CIE) that is Electronic Identity Card, UniTrento account, or UniTrento "guest" account. • Access with SPID To access the registration procedures, it is recommended to use SPID, the Public Digital Identity System, which automatically certifies the user's identity on UniTrento systems and creates an @unitn.it account. To request a SPID identity (useful for accessing various online public administration services), visit https://www.spid.gov.it/richiedi-spid . • Access with CIE The electronic identity card (CIE) allows self-registration for all services related to admissions, enrollment, and student services. To receive all notifications via email, it is necessary to provide a reference email address. If this was not entered during firs access, it can be added later by following the instructions at this link: https://webapps.unitn.it/password1/it/accountdata/personalcontacts .More information about CIE is available on the website https://www.cartaidentita.interno.gov.it/ . • Access with a UniTrento account Applicants who do not have SPID or CIE but already have a UniTrento-issued account can access the registration procedure using their existing username (e.g., firstname.lastname@guest.unitn.it or firstname.lastname@unitn.it). • Registration of a UniTrento "guest" account Applicants who do not have a SPID or CIE identity or a UniTrento-issued account can register a temporary "guest" account (e.g., for minors or users without an Italian tax code or ID document). It is recommended to create the account at least three working days with before the UniTrento registration deadline. Otherwise, assistance for resolving potential technical issues during registration cannot be guaranteed. After enrollment, this account will be converted into a definitive @unitn.it account. Non-European Applicants Residing Abroad Non-European applicants without an Italian tax code or Identity card issued in Italy have to create a temporary "guest" account. It is recommended to create the account at least three working days before admission deadline. Otherwise, assistance for resolving potential technical issues during registration cannot be guaranteed. After enrollment, the guest account will be converted into a definitive @unitn.it account. 19 Note 4 - TOLC-I and CEnT-S scoring TOLC-I The TOLC-I is a tool for assessing candidates' initial abilities and consists of 50 questions divided into 4 sections: Math, Science, Logic, Verbal Comprehension. At the end of the TOLC-I there is an additional compulsory section to test English language proficiency. SECTION NUMBER OF QUESTIONS TIME MATEMATICA 20 50 MIN LOGICA 10 20 MIN SCIENZE 10 20 MIN COMPRENSIONE VERBALE 10 20 MIN TOTALE 50 1 H, 50 (110 MIN) INGLESE 30 15 MIN TOTALE CON INGLESE 80 2 ORE e 05 (125 MINUTI) On the page http://www.cisiaonline.it/come-esercitarsi-ai-test-cisia/ , you can find useful information for preparing for the Cisia tests. The TOLC-I can be taken on the dates scheduled by the University of Trento or on the dates scheduled by other universities. To take the test, candidates must register for the exam on the Cisia website (https://www.cisiaonline.it/ ) according to the deadlines set for the specified centers . The TOLC-I can be taken multiple times, but not more than once in the same calendar month, regardless of the administering university and in accordance with the schedules established by each institution. Candidates registered for a TOLC cannot register for another TOLC before completing the one for which they are already registered. 20 CEnT-S The CEnT-S is the English-language CISIA test used by both EU and non-EU candidates for admission to the English-taught degree programs at the Department of Information Engineering and Computer Science . The test consists of 55 questions divided into 5 sections. For admission to these English-taught programs, the University of Trento has decided to consider all sections except for Biology . SECTION NUMBER OF QUESTIONS TIME MATHEMATICS 15 QUESTIONS 30 MINUTES REASONING ON TEXTS AND DATA 15 QUESTIONS 30 MINUTES BIOLOGY 10 QUESTIONS 20 MINUTES CHEMISTRY 10 QUESTIONS 20 MINUTES PHYSICS 5 QUESTIONS 10 MINUTES TOTAL questions valid for UniTrento 45 QUESTIONS 90 MINUTES The result of each CEnT-S is determined by the number of correct, incorrect, and unanswered questions, which produce an absolute score: > • 1 point for each correct answer > • 0 points for each unanswered question > • -0.25 points for each incorrect answer Score Normalization To calculate the normalized score (the actual final test score), the process begins with the "raw" result , calculated based on the answers given to individual questions (as indicated on the test syllabus page). A normalization coefficient is added to this number; this coefficient is higher the more difficult the test proves to be: a more difficult exam is compensated with a higher normalization coefficient. The coefficient is calculated at the end of each macro-period by analyzing the question results (the difficulty of which is not known a priori ) to determine the actual degree of difficulty of each test. The normalized score will be available in the CISIA reserved area only at the end of the macro-period in which the test was taken. UniTrento accepts normalized scores obtained by: > • January 30 for the first macro-period > • March 31 for the second macro-period 21 Note 5 - Candidates with Disabilities or Specific Learning Disorders (SLD) Candidates with disabilities or specific learning disorders (SLD) can declare their condition and request specific measures for taking the test during the registration process in the TOLC area of the CISIA portal. They must submit appropriate certification, complete in all parts, through a specific document upload form provided by CISIA. Based on the submitted documentation, the designated Commission will determine the accommodations and additional time allowed for the test. Required Documentation for Personalized Support: > ● Diagnosis of Specific Learning Disorders (SLD) according to Italian Law 170/2010, issued by the National Italian Health Service, an accredited private center, or a private specialist accompanied by a Local Health Board compliance document (please verify the certifications before submission). The documentation must not be older than three years or must have been issued after the candidate turned 18 years old. > ● Certification of disability recognition according to Italian Law 104/92. > ● Certification of Italian "invalidità civile" (i.e. a person permanently disabled due to work accidents or chronic disease). Candidates in possession of the above certifications may be conditionally admitted to the test even if their documentation is not updated, with the understanding that universities may later request supplementary documentation as required. Updated certification may be submitted during the registration for university rankings at https://www.unitn.it/ammissioni (as stated in Article 5, Paragraph 1). Certifications submitted after the specified deadline for test registration or certifications not listed in this admission call will not be accepted. Test Accommodations: Accommodations may include additional time (30% for candidates with SLD; up to 50% for candidates with "invalidità civile" and/or recognized disability) or necessary aids (e.g., reading tutor, non-scientific calculator, others). For remote tests, if regulations provide for assigning a reading and/or writing tutor, UniTrento will only assign a family tutor (for candidates who explicitly request it). Foreign Candidates with Disabilities or SLD: Candidates with disabilities or SLD residing abroad who wish to request accommodations for the test at the University of Trento must submit, via the document upload form provided by CISIA, certification proving their disability or SLD status issued in their country of residence. This must be accompanied by a translation in Italian or English. These candidates must contact the Inclusion Student Community Service (inclusione.studente@unitn.it) to verify the completeness of the submitted documents no later than the test registration deadline published on the CISIA website. The designated Commission will review the foreign certifications to confirm that they indicate a condition of disability or SLD as recognized by Italian regulations. For any issues during registration or to verify compensatory measures, candidates may contact the Inclusion Student Community Service at inclusione.studente@unitn.it .22 Note 6 - Eligibility and score for European and equivalent candidates A minimum eligibility threshold is required for admission: > • 18 points out of 50 for candidates taking the TOLC-I ; > • 16 points out of 45 for first-session candidates taking the CEnT-S . Tie-breaking Criteria > • For the TOLC-I: In the event of a tie in the total score, priority will be given to the candidate with the higher score in the "Mathematics" section. If a tie persists, priority will be given to the score in the "Sciences" section, and finally to the youngest candidate . > • For the CEnT-S: In the event of a tie, priority will be given to the candidate with the higher score in the "Mathematics" section. If a tie persists, priority will be given to the score in the "Reasoning on texts and data" section, and finally to the youngest candidate . Additional Learning Requirements (OFA) Only in the third session , candidates who obtain a score lower than 18 but greater than or equal to 17 in the TOLC-I test may be admitted with OFA (Additional Learning Requirements) . English Language Proficiency Section For the English language proficiency section, the score is determined by assigning 1 point for correct answers and 0 points for incorrect or unanswered questions . This score does not contribute to the final overall test score. Please note the following: Informatica (Italian track): • If admitted with an English section score lower than 24/30 (in the Italian TOLC-I), students may enroll but must pass an English proficiency exam at the level required by the Degree Program Regulations within their first year. • If admitted with a score equal to or higher than 24/30 , the English language activity (Level A2 ) will be automatically recognized in the student's academic record. Ingegneria Informatica, delle Comunicazioni ed Elettronica (Italian track), Computer, Communications and Electronic Engineering (English track), and Computer Science (English track): Admitted students must pass an English proficiency exam at the level required by the Degree Program Regulations within their first year of study .23 Note 7 - Information on the processing of personal data Self-declarations made during the registration phase in accordance with Italian Presidential Decree no. 445 art. 47 of 28 December 2000 will be thoroughly verified with the originating educational institutions. In the event of false declarations, candidates may be excluded from the admission list or, if verification occurs after enrollment, from the chosen course of study. In the case of a remotely administered test, access to the software and to the platform for delivering the test as well as the identification of the candidate on the day of the TOLC will also be valid as a subscription to the data declared during the online application phase. The personal data provided will be processed, in hard copy and/or computerised form, in compliance with the regulations in force. Pursuant to Article 13 of EU Regulation 2016/679 "General Data Protection Regulation" (hereinafter referred to as "GDPR"), the University of Trento provides the following information before proceeding with the application form submission. 1. Data controller The Data controller is the University of Trento, via Calepina 14, 38122 Trento; email: ateneo@unitn.it ; ateneo@pec.unitn.it . 2. Contact details of the Data Protection Officer (DPO) The DPO can be contacted to request information on personal data at the following email address: dpo@unitn.it . 3. Purpose of data processing and legal basis The University of Trento will process personal data collected as part of its public interest tasks exclusively for purposes related to admission procedure for degree programs specified in this admission call. Data concerning the health of candidates with disabilities, specific learning disorders (SLD), and other Special Educational Needs (SEN), if provided, will be processed exclusively to ensure access to inclusion services during the tests. The data provided in the questionnaire will be processed by the University solely for statistical purposes to support the analysis and improvement of orientation activities and services. The results will be used only in anonymous and/or aggregated form. 4. Acquisition of data The provision of personal data for the purposes indicated above is mandatory to participate in the selection procedure; failure to provide it will make it impossible to participate. The provision of health-related data is optional; however, failure to provide such data will result in the inability to access the requested services, support, and/or accommodations. 5. Data processing methods The processing of personal data shall be carried out manually and by automated means by authorised staff, according to their tasks. Personal data shall be processed lawfully, fairly and transparently, confidentially, in a manner that is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed (GDPR, article 5(1)). No profiling is carried out, and decisions are not taken by automated means. 6. Recipients of personal data: third parties and foreign transfer 24 Personal data may be disclosed to third parties if it is necessary to carry out admission procedures. Specifically, personal data will be shared with the company/organization responsible for services related to the selection procedures, including the management of data regarding participants in the selection tests and the administration of admission rankings for study programs. The communication of personal data to third parties remains valid in compliance with legal obligations and/or orders from Public Security and/or Judicial Authorities. The data collected as part of this procedure will not be transferred to non-EU countries. 7. Data retention period Personal data will be stored as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which they were collected, and in any case as long as it is necessary by law. In any case, the data will be stored as long as necessary by the regulations in force and/or by University regulations on the storage of administrative documents relevant to the performance of its services. 8. Rights of the data subjects At any time the data subject can exercise the rights referred to in article 15 and subsequent of the GDPR towards the Data Controller, at the contact details indicated above, and in particular: the access to his/her own personal data; the request to correct his/her own personal data when inaccurate and/or their integration when incomplete; the erasure of his/her own personal data, and the right to forbid their processing. This is without prejudice to the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority pursuant to Art. 77 of the GDPR and/or to take the appropriate judicial offices. More information on the webpage https://www.unitn.it/privacy .