Jump to main content Jump to search Jump to footer For best experience please turn on javascript and use a modern browser! You are using a browser that is no longer supported by Microsoft. Please upgrade your browser. The site may not present itself correctly if you continue browsing. Search... Compare programmes Menu Education Bachelor's Master's For professionals Summer School Open programmes Exchange Research Research at the UvA PhD News & Events News Events Press Office About the UvA About the University Alumni Collaborate with the UvA Contact and locations Organisation Policy and regulations Working at the UvA Library Home Admissions Applying for a Bachelor's programme Bachelor's programmes Follow our step-by-step guide on how to apply for our Bachelor's programmes. 1. Check entry requirements: deadlines and documents Deadlines To leave enough time for immigration and housing procedures we have set different advisory deadlines for specific groups of applicants. The deadlines for completing your application to start your degree in September: Applicants for programmes with fixed quota Business Administration (English language track only) 15 January Economics and Business Economics (English language track only) 15 January Political Science (English language track only) 15 January Psychology 15 January Applicants for selective programmes Liberal Arts & Sciences 1 February PPLE (Politics, Psychology, Law and Economics) 1 February Applicants for other Bachelor's programmes The advisory deadline for all students with international prior education is 1 April . If you require a visa and/or housing through the UvA, we strongly urge you to apply before 1 April . If you submit your application after 1 April, we cannot guarantee that you can start immigration and/or housing procedures in time. The final deadline for all applicants is 1 May. After the 1 May deadline, application is only possible in exceptional circumstances . In order for your application to be processed for admission, you must: submit an enrolment request for the Bachelor's programme in Studielink at least one week before the deadline; submit a complete application file via our online application system for your Bachelor's programme of choice before the date stated in your invitation for application. Please note: the application deadlines for scholarships may vary and could be earlier than our application deadline. Required documents (see step 8 for more information) Diploma(s) and transcript(s) of grades for secondary and, if applicable, higher education English language proficiency test certificate (if required) Curriculum vitae / resume 2. Check entry requirements: selective programmes and programmes with fixed quotas Two of our Bachelor's programmes apply selection procedures due to their small-scale and intensive approach. You can find more information about the selection procedure and application deadlines on the programme webpages. Politics, Psychology, Law and Economics (PPLE) Liberal Arts and Sciences (Amsterdam University College) Programmes with fixed quotas (Numerus Fixus) The UvA offers a few programmes with limited places and an enrolment quota. Because they can only accommodate a fixed number of students, these programmes carry out a selection process to determine which students can be admitted. The application deadline for these programmes is 15 January . More information about the entry requirements and application process can be found on the programme webpages. Business Administration Economics and Business Economics Political Science Psychology How does 'admission with a fixed quota' work? Registration and selection You will need to apply for these programmes through Studielink, the central registration system for Dutch universities. Application is open from 1 October until 15 January. If the number of students who apply for a programme exceeds the number of available places, a selection procedure will take place between 15 January and 15 April. Applicants participating in the selection procedure will be assigned a ranking number by Studielink on 15 April based on their results. Depending on your ranking number and the number of places available, you may or may not be offered a place in the programme. Places offered If you are offered a place, you will have to confirm your participation in the programme via Studielink within two weeks. If you don't confirm your participation within two weeks, your place will automatically be assigned to another student. If you are not offered a place immediately, there is still a chance that you will be offered a place later, if one or more selected students do not accept their place. These places will then become available for the next student in line. 3. Check entry requirements: prior education Students applying for one of our Bachelor's programmes should hold a Dutch VWO diploma, a Dutch HBO propaedeuse or an international diploma that is equivalent to one of these diplomas. The starting level of a regular study programme at Dutch universities is comparable to that of other Western European countries, but it is generally higher than in most countries outside Western Europe. To find out what specific entry requirements apply to your international prior education, please consult the diploma finder below. If your prior education or country / educational region is not listed in the diploma finder, you can still apply. The Central Admissions Office will assess your documents on an individual basis. Please make sure to upload all the required documents when submitting the application form. The information in our diploma finder is compiled with the greatest care. However, no rights may be derived from this information. ► To the diploma finder For applicants with GCE A levels: please check the list of GCE A level subjects . In this list you will find an overview of accepted and non-accepted subjects by the University of Amsterdam. 4. Check entry requirements: language proficiency Students must be able to read textbooks, understand lectures, take part in classroom discussions and produce written work in the English language. Applicants are therefore required to submit proof of sufficient proficiency in English. Proving your English language proficiency The English language requirement can be met by submitting an English language proficiency test certificate. The approved tests and minimum scores are as follows and are subject to change on a yearly basis: English test requirements 2027-2028 Tests Scores Sub scores Cambridge C1 Advanced 175 overall Each section score: 170 Cambridge C2 Proficiency Pass overall (180) Each section score: 170 IELTS Academic 6.5 overall Each section score: 6 Language Cert Academic 70 overall Each section score: 65 Pearson PTE Academic 71 overall Each section score: 65 TOEFL iBT 0-120 92 overall Each section score: 22 TOEFL iBT 1-6 4.5 overall Reading: 4.5 Listening: 5.0 Speaking: 4.0 Writing: 4.5 Please note: The test must have been taken less than two years before the start date (1 September) of the Bachelor's programme. The TOEFL Institutional Code for the University of Amsterdam = 9011 Other tests than the ones mentioned above are not accepted. Examples of tests that cannot be accepted include but are not limited to: IELTS Indicator, IELTS One Skill Retake, IELTS Online, LanguageCert Academic Online, Pearson PTE Academic online, TOEFL Home Edition, TOEFL MyBestScores. The PPLE programme and Liberal Arts and Sciences programme have their own English language proficiency requirements. Please consult the programme website. Last but not least, take enough time to prepare for the test. Deadline The deadline for providing the UvA with an English language proficiency test certificate with sufficient scores is 1 April for non-EU/EEA applicants, and 1 May for EU/EEA applicants. Make sure to book your test at least one month before the deadline, but the earlier the better. We cannot process your application without a UvA approved English language proficiency test certificate with sufficient scores. Exemptions Please consult the diploma finder to see if your prior education may exempt you from taking an English language proficiency test. If your diploma or an exemption is not mentioned in the diploma finder and you think your educational background may qualify for an exemption nonetheless, please enter your prior education in detail in the application form. The Central Admissions Office will inform you if a waiver can be granted or if an English language proficiency test is required. It is recommendable to submit your application early, allowing for sufficient time to book and sit for a test, in case an exemption is not granted. The test results should be received before the deadline mentioned above. 5. Submit enrolment request in Studielink The first step in the application process, is submitting an enrolment request in Studielink. Studielink is the national online registration system for students who wish to pursue a degree programme at a Dutch university. Activate your DigiD (before starting in Studielink) DigiD (Digital Identification) is an online ID system that works with a username and password. It provides access to government administration websites. Students who do not live in The Netherlands can use Studielink without DigiD. You need a digital copy of your passport or ID personal data page in order to create your Studielink account. Copies of expired documents are accepted when creating your account. Students who currently live in The Netherlands will need DigiD to use Studielink. Make sure you have a working DigiD in time. Check if you still remember your password or apply for a new one well in advance of the application deadline for your programme. Degree programmes with a different name in Studielink A few programmes can be found under a different name in Studielink: Bachelor's programme Register in Studielink for Literary and Cultural Analysis Literary Studies ( Literatuurwetenschap ) Sign Language Linguistics Linguistics ( Taalwetenschap ) Global Arts, Culture and Politics Cultural Studies Global Communication Science Communication Science For more information on how to submit an enrolment request in Studielink visit: https://help.studielink.nl/en/ Submit enrolment request in Studielink Please submit an enrolment request in Studielink at least 1 week before the application deadline. Make sure to enter your previous education in Studielink correctly. Studielink 6. Activate your UvAnetID After submitting your enrolment request in Studielink, you will receive an email with your UvAnetID (username and password). Follow the instructions in the email to activate your UvAnetID immediately, for you will need it to complete your application. Please note: after submitting your enrolment request in Studielink, it may take up to 48 hours before you receive your UvAnetID, so make sure to register in Studielink at least 1 week before the application deadline. 7. Pay your non-refundable application fee All students applying for a Bachelor's degree programme with an international diploma are required to pay a non-refundable €100 application fee*. Only after you have paid this fee can the UvA start to process your application (please note it can take up to 24 hours before you can continue). You don't have to pay the application fee: If you have already applied for (and paid the application fee for) another Bachelor's programme at the UvA for the 2027-2028 academic year; If your tuition fees for the 2027-2028 academic year are paid by the Foundation for Refugee Students (UAF) . If so, your application fee will be refunded; If you are an EEA citizen, have or will obtain an International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma and your programme is part of IB Admissions . Paying the application fee You can pay the application fee of €100 by credit card (Mastercard, Visacard), Bancontact, Paypal or iDEAL. You will be asked to pay the fee after completing your application form. Submitting your form without paying the application fee is not possible. * The application fee is non-refundable. You are not entitled to a refund, even if you do not submit your application form, if you submit an application form after the deadline (which will not be taken into consideration) or if you submit an incomplete application. 8. Submit your application file After registering in Studielink, you will receive an email from the University of Amsterdam with an invitation to our online application system. This may take up to 48 hours. Please note that the date stated in your invitation is a personal deadline which will highly likely differ from the general deadline(s) stated under step 1. Through our online application system you will submit your application file for the programme of your choice. As part of the online application, we will ask you to upload the following documents: Diploma(s) and transcript(s) of grades for secondary and, if applicable, higher education. English language proficiency test certificate (if required) Curriculum vitae / resume If you have not yet obtained your diploma, please upload your most recent official transcript of grades as well as an official statement issued by your school confirming your final exam subjects and predicted final (exam) grades. You can either use our template or upload an official statement from your school stating the same information as found on our template. If your documents are not in English, Dutch, French or German, please upload an official translation of all documents as well. If you have applied for multiple programmes, make sure to upload all required documents in every individual application file. If you cannot complete your application at once, you can save it and log in later to make any changes until you are ready to submit your application file. Please note that you need to submit your application before the date stated in your invitation. If the general deadline has not passed and your enrolment request is cancelled because you missed your personal deadline to submit your application file, you can resubmit an enrolment request through Studielink to restart the application procedure. Please note this does not apply to the selective programmes: Liberal Arts & Sciences (AUC) and Politics, Psychology, Law and Economics (PPLE). International Baccalaureate Admissions The UvA has made it easier for a group of students with an International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma to apply. You can find the conditions and all the information under IB Admissions . 9. Wait for admission decision The Admissions Office will only review complete applications. Once your application has been reviewed, you will receive an email with the admission decision. Bachelor's programmes (non-selective) Applications to non-selective programmes are processed using the rolling admissions policy: if you apply early, your application file will be processed early. If your qualifications are included in our diploma finder , you can expect your admission decision within one to two weeks. Full review and verification of qualifications not on this list may take up to eight weeks. Bachelor's programmes (selective) Students applying for a selective programme can check the webpage of their programme for notification dates. Scholarship application If you're also applying for a scholarship , please submit your application form well in advance of your scholarship deadline. Timely handling will always be aimed for, but cannot be guaranteed. Our Rules & Regulations are based upon the European Standard Guidelines: The Lisbon Recognition Convention ; The Dutch law in Higher Education ; The Code of Conduct for international students ; Students Charter and Enrolment Provisions of the University of Amsterdam. After conditional admission 1. Confirm your participation If you have been conditionally admitted, you will receive an invitation by email to confirm your place in the programme. You will automatically receive a link to confirm your participation unless you have applied for a programme with a fixed quota (Numerus Fixus). In that case, if you are offered a place, you will have to confirm your participation via Studielink within two weeks. If you are participating in IB Admissions and have applied for a programme with a fixed quota, you do not need to confirm your participation. If you are still waiting for additional administrative procedures that will affect your decision to confirm your participation in the programme (for instance, waiting for a scholarship decision), please confirm your participation in the meantime. It will allow you to continue with other enrolment procedures, such as visa or housing applications. Please note that confirming your participation is not binding you to start the programme. You can still cancel your enrolment free of charge until 1 September through Studielink . If you don't confirm your participation within 14 days, your application will be closed and your enrolment request will be cancelled. 2. UvA Matching for international students UvA Matching for international students is an introduction to the Bachelor's programme to which you are applying. It helps you determine whether the Bachelor's programme of your choice is the right fit for you. UvA Matching is a mandatory part of the application procedure for all prospective Bachelor's students who have completed their prior education at a non-Dutch educational institution. This also includes prospective students applying with an International Baccalaureate DP diploma obtained in The Netherlands. Read more about UvA Matching for international students 3. Submit certified documents Once you have been conditionally admitted, you will need to send in certified hard copies of the documents mentioned in your personal offer of conditional admission by postal mail before 31 August (please note that the deadline for the PPLE and the Liberal Arts and Sciences programmes may differ). The English language proficiency test certificate, and Mathematics test certificates (obtained after your conditional admission) can be uploaded through this contact form (select 'Admission'). A certified copy is a photocopy of the original document with an original wet ink stamp and signature from your school/university representative or from a notary. The stamp and signature declare the content of the photocopy to be identical to the original document. Certified documents that are not written in Dutch, English, German or French, must be accompanied by an official translation made by a sworn translator. Your conditional offer will specify which documents to send in and state the deadline for submission. Certified documents can be sent to the following address: Admissions Office, Central Student Administration University of Amsterdam Hogehilweg 21 1101 CB Amsterdam The Netherlands Depending on where you live, it may take a while before the UvA receives your documents. Please use registered mail and do not send in your original documents. If you are in the Netherlands, you can visit the Central Student Service Desk and request them to make certified copies of your original documents. Once the certified documents have been processed for application, they cannot be returned. Digital credential verification In certain cases, your results can be verified digitally or can be sent directly from the exam board to the University of Amsterdam. For more information please visit uva.nl/onlineverification . 4. Arrange your immigration and housing If you are an international student, you will need to arrange a variety of practical matters before starting your studies. Visa, residence permit, insurance The first step is to determine whether you will need a visa and/or residence permit . Then you need to arrange your insurance . Housing The UvA does not offer student housing on our campuses. We recommend that you familiarise yourself with the housing market in The Netherlands before you choose your study programme. It can be difficult to find available housing in Amsterdam, so you will need to start looking yourself as soon as possible via Dutch student housing websites.For international students, the UvA has a limited number of rooms available throughout Amsterdam, which you can apply for via UvA Housing . Please note there are not enough rooms available via UvA Housing to accommodate all international students. As placement for UvA Housing is not guaranteed, we advise you to start your orientation for housing options early and to always explore the private housing market as well. Upon arrival To get a head start on your preparations, you can also check our webpage on matters you will need to arrange upon arrival , such as registering with the municipality of the city you will move to and opening a bank account. 5. Pay your tuition fees All students are required to pay the tuition fee in order to complete their enrolment at the University of Amsterdam. Under Tuition fees you can find more information about the various payment options. 6. Introduction day In the week before the start of the academic year, most programmes organise a compulsory introduction day. You will receive more detailed information about the programme introduction day in the summer. Check our website for more information on the introduction process of your programme. 7. Request student ID card A student ID card is a personal card which serves as proof of identity for examinations. You can also use it for borrowing library books. You can request your student ID card one month before the start of your programme. Other information Information for refugees Refugees who wish to study at the University of Amsterdam (UvA) must follow the same application procedure and meet the same entry requirements as prospective UvA students with a non EEA/EU nationality. Looking for more information? Visit our webpage for refugee applicants . Switching programmes Information for current UvA students Current UvA students who would like to switch to another Bachelor's programme must meet the same entry requirements as new students. If you plan to switch programmes, make sure to apply before 1 August or earlier and before the programme's application deadline if and when selection/numerus fixus applies. Start the application process in Studielink . If you attended secondary school abroad, include this in Studielink. The admission decision will be based on your secondary education rather than your current degree programme. You will receive an invitation to submit your application file through our online application system. Please submit a complete online application file. It's unlikely that you'll need to submit certified copies again, but please check your email regularly for updates on your application procedure. If your new application meets the criteria for IB Admissions , please let us know through this contact form (select 'Admission') once your IB results have been sent to the UvA by the IBO. If you hold a residence permit and did not obtain 30 ECTS, you cannot switch programmes, unless there are severe personal circumstances that would give you an exemption of the 30 ECTS. Visit the Visas and permits webpage for more information. Please make an appointment with the student counsellor for assistance as soon as possible. If you have received negative Binding Study Advice (BSA), please inform the student counsellor about the outcome of your appeal in regard to your residence permit. Information for students from different Dutch universities If you are registered at a different Dutch university and you would like to switch to a programme at the UvA, you need to submit your enrolment request in Studielink before 1 May or before the programme's application deadline if and when selection/numerus fixus applies. An enrolment request submitted after 1 May will only be accepted in exceptional circumstances . An enrolment request submitted after 15 January for a numerus fixus programme is not accepted. If the application deadline for the selective programmes (PPLE and Liberal Arts & Sciences) has passed, please contact the Admssion's Offices of PPLE or Liberal Arts & Sciences directly. Please note that you will have to meet the entry requirements for your programme of choice. Note to non-EU/EEA students: You always need to comply with the requirements of your student residence permit and visa, also when you would like to switch programmes. You need to obtain 50% of the ECTS of your study programme each year, in order to be able to stay in The Netherlands. Furthermore there can be other restrictions on switching programmes due to your visa and Binding Study Advice (BSA). Please always contact the student counsellor about your options. Any questions? If you have questions about the application and admissions process, or about studying at the UvA, you can contact our Central Student Service Desk . Home Admissions Information for Prospective Bachelor's students Prospective Master's students Current students Staff Journalists Alumni Employers External suppliers Go to Webmail Academic Calendar Library Vacancies Donate Merchandise Contact Contact and locations The UvA and social media Follow UvA on social media Copyright UvA 2026 About this site Privacy Cookie settings Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select 'Decline'. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.