Jump to main content Jump to search Jump to footer For best experience please turn on javascript and use a modern browser! You are using a browser that is no longer supported by Microsoft. Please upgrade your browser. The site may not present itself correctly if you continue browsing. Search... Compare programmes Menu Education Bachelor's Master's For professionals Summer School Open programmes Exchange Research Research at the UvA PhD News & Events News Events Press Office About the UvA About the University Alumni Collaborate with the UvA Contact and locations Organisation Policy and regulations Working at the UvA Library Home Fees and funding Scholarships and loans The University of Amsterdam (UvA) aims to attract the world's brightest students to its international classrooms. For that reason, it has established several scholarship programmes designed to offer talented and motivated international students the opportunity to pursue a degree at the UvA. UvA scholarships The University offers a scholarship for exceptionally talented Bachelor's students from outside Europe: Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Faculty scholarships Several faculties also have a variety of scholarships aimed at international students. Choose a faculty below to find out more about faculty-specific scholarships. Economics and Business Social and Behavioural Sciences Other financial aid information Other financial aid: scholarships, loans, studying abroad Studiefinanciering (for Dutch students) Beurzen (for Dutch students) Home Fees and funding Information for Prospective Bachelor's students Prospective Master's students Current students Staff Journalists Alumni Employers External suppliers Go to Webmail Academic Calendar Library Vacancies Donate Merchandise Contact Contact and locations The UvA and social media Follow UvA on social media Copyright UvA 2026 About this site Privacy Cookie settings Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select 'Decline'. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.