Jump to main content Jump to search Jump to footer For best experience please turn on javascript and use a modern browser! You are using a browser that is no longer supported by Microsoft. Please upgrade your browser. The site may not present itself correctly if you continue browsing. Search... Compare programmes Menu Education Bachelor's Master's For professionals Summer School Open programmes Exchange Research Research at the UvA PhD News & Events News Events Press Office About the UvA About the University Alumni Collaborate with the UvA Contact and locations Organisation Policy and regulations Working at the UvA Library Home Fees and funding Amsterdam Merit Scholarship The University of Amsterdam (UvA) aims to attract the world's brightest students to its international classrooms. Outstanding students from outside the EU/EEA can apply for an Amsterdam Merit Scholarship (AMS). Who is eligible? Students who hold a non-EU/EEA passport and have applied for a degree programme at the University of Amsterdam may submit an application for an Amsterdam Merit Scholarship. How to apply? Applications should be submitted to the Admissions Offices of the Graduate Schools. Deadlines for the AMS differ per Faculty or Graduate School. You can find the specific eligibility requirements, selection criteria and application instructions on the Faculty pages below. Economics and Business scholarships Social and Behavioural Sciences scholarships Psychology scholarships Condition for the continuation of the AMS Scholarship continuation for subsequent year(s) of study depends upon satisfactory study progress. Because this depends on the curriculum and the rules and regulations of the department, your programme sets the standard for satisfactory progress, and the time and manner in which progress will be measured. Please be advised that you are expected to gain approximately 80% of credits in any one year. Home Fees and funding Information for Prospective Bachelor's students Prospective Master's students Current students Staff Journalists Alumni Employers External suppliers Go to Webmail Academic Calendar Library Vacancies Donate Merchandise Contact Contact and locations The UvA and social media Follow UvA on social media Copyright UvA 2026 About this site Privacy Cookie settings Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select 'Decline'. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.