Jump to main content Jump to search Jump to footer For best experience please turn on javascript and use a modern browser! You are using a browser that is no longer supported by Microsoft. Please upgrade your browser. The site may not present itself correctly if you continue browsing. Search... Compare programmes Menu Education Bachelor's Master's For professionals Summer School Open programmes Exchange Research Research at the UvA PhD News & Events News Events Press Office About the UvA About the University Alumni Collaborate with the UvA Contact and locations Organisation Policy and regulations Working at the UvA Library Home Admissions Entry requirements for international qualifications Diploma finder If you have an international prior education and wish to apply to a Bachelor's programme at the University of Amsterdam: find out what specific entry requirements apply to you by consulting the diploma finder below. If your international prior education or country / educational region is not listed, you can still apply. The Central Admissions Office will assess your documents on an individual basis. The information in the diploma finder has been compiled with the utmost care and is updated annually. It applies only to applications for the 2027-2028 academic year. However, no rights can be derived from this information. Select Country Home Admissions Information for Prospective Bachelor's students Prospective Master's students Current students Staff Journalists Alumni Employers External suppliers Go to Webmail Academic Calendar Library Vacancies Donate Merchandise Contact Contact and locations The UvA and social media Follow UvA on social media Copyright UvA 2026 About this site Privacy Cookie settings Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select 'Decline'. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.