Jump to main content Jump to search Jump to footer For best experience please turn on javascript and use a modern browser! You are using a browser that is no longer supported by Microsoft. Please upgrade your browser. The site may not present itself correctly if you continue browsing. Search... Compare programmes Menu Education Bachelor's Master's For professionals Summer School Open programmes Exchange Research Research at the UvA PhD News & Events News Events Press Office About the UvA About the University Alumni Collaborate with the UvA Contact and locations Organisation Policy and regulations Working at the UvA Library Home Bachelor's Application after 1 May Application after 1 May The enrolment deadline for bachelor programmes starting on 1 September is 1 May. An enrolment request submitted in Studielink after 1 May, will only be accepted in the following exceptional situations: 1. If you have not been offered a placement in a selective admission degree programme at a Dutch institution of higher education, for which you have taken part in the selection procedure. 2. If you submitted an enrolment application at a Dutch institution of higher education no later than 1 May. 3. If you submitted an enrolment application for a different degree programme at the UvA and will take part in the Matching for this programme before 1 September. 4. If you were unable to submit an enrolment application before the 1 May closing date due to circumstances beyond your control. 5. If you were issued a negative binding advice (BSA) regarding the continuation of your studies in the previous academic year. 6. If you have previously been enrolled in a UvA Bachelor's programme or are currently enrolled at the UvA and wish to switch programmes or enrol in a second programme. Deadlines If you are registered at the UvA and you would like to switch to a programme at the UvA, the advisory deadline to submit your enrolment request in Studielink is 1 August . Because of the visa-procedure, students with a Dutch residence permit with the restriction 'study' from another Dutch educational institution need to submit their enrolment request before 1 July . Non-EU/EEA student If you are a non-EU/EEA student, you always need to comply with the requirements of your student residence permit and visa, also when you switch programmes. By law, in order to stay in the Netherlands, you need to obtain 50% of the credits of your study programme each year. Furthermore, there can be other restrictions on switching programmes due to your visa and Binding Study Advice (BSA). Please contact a student counsellor to discuss your options. Home Bachelor's Application after 1 May Information for Prospective Bachelor's students Prospective Master's students Current students Staff Journalists Alumni Employers External suppliers Go to Webmail Academic Calendar Library Vacancies Donate Merchandise Contact Contact and locations The UvA and social media Follow UvA on social media Copyright UvA 2026 About this site Privacy Cookie settings Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select 'Decline'. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.