Jump to main content Jump to search Jump to footer For best experience please turn on javascript and use a modern browser! You are using a browser that is no longer supported by Microsoft. Please upgrade your browser. The site may not present itself correctly if you continue browsing. Search... Compare programmes Menu Education Bachelor's Master's For professionals Summer School Open programmes Exchange Research Research at the UvA PhD News & Events News Events Press Office About the UvA About the University Alumni Collaborate with the UvA Contact and locations Organisation Policy and regulations Working at the UvA Library Home Fees and funding Fees and funding Calculate the tuition fees for your programme and read about scholarships for current and prospective students. Tuition fees Find out what the tuition fees are for UvA programmes. The fee will depend on your nationality, your degree programme and, in some cases, whether you study full-time or part-time. See all tuition fee information Scholarships and grants Bachelor's scholarships International students can apply for various scholarships to cover their studies at the UvA, ranging from UvA-wide scholarships to faculty-specific scholarships. See all scholarships for Bachelor's students Master's scholarships Various scholarships are available for Master's students from outside the Netherlands. In addition to the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship, each faculty also offers some scholarships. See all scholarships for Master's students Other financial aid: grants and loans Various other forms of financial aid - scholarships, grants and loans - are also available from sources external to the UvA. See additional financial aid options Home Fees and funding Information for Prospective Bachelor's students Prospective Master's students Current students Staff Journalists Alumni Employers External suppliers Go to Webmail Academic Calendar Library Vacancies Donate Merchandise Contact Contact and locations The UvA and social media Follow UvA on social media Copyright UvA 2026 About this site Privacy Cookie settings Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select 'Decline'. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.