Jump to main content Jump to search Jump to footer For best experience please turn on javascript and use a modern browser! You are using a browser that is no longer supported by Microsoft. Please upgrade your browser. The site may not present itself correctly if you continue browsing. Search... Compare programmes Menu Education Bachelor's Master's For professionals Summer School Open programmes Exchange Research Research at the UvA PhD News & Events News Events Press Office About the UvA About the University Alumni Collaborate with the UvA Contact and locations Organisation Policy and regulations Working at the UvA Library Home Admissions UvA Matching Discover whether your chosen Bachelor's programme is the right fit UvA Matching takes place after you have submitted your application for a Bachelor's programme and will provide an introduction to that programme. What is it? UvA Matching for international students is an introduction to the Bachelor's programme for which you have applied. It is designed to help you assess whether you have chosen the right programme, through a combination of online and/or on campus activities such as assignments, reading course literature and/or making a test. The activities may differ per programme. Two types of UvA Matching The type of UvA Matching in which you will participate depends on where you completed your prior education. I (will) have completed my prior education at a non-Dutch educational institution I (will) have completed my prior education at a Dutch educational institution More information FAQs about UvA Matching Reorientation following UvA Matching Home Admissions Information for Prospective Bachelor's students Prospective Master's students Current students Staff Journalists Alumni Employers External suppliers Go to Webmail Academic Calendar Library Vacancies Donate Merchandise Contact Contact and locations The UvA and social media Follow UvA on social media Copyright UvA 2026 About this site Privacy Cookie settings Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select 'Decline'. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.