Skip to content We use cookies and other technologies to better understand a visitor's experience and to help improve our websites. By continuing to use the website, you consent to Middlebury's use of cookies and other technologies as outlined in our Privacy Policy . Close Admissions & Financial Aid YOU CAN AFFORD MIDDLEBURY Explore Financial Aid Useful Links Useful Links Application Instructions and Deadlines Campus and Virtual Visits Counselor Information Reports and Policies Connect with Admissions Who you are-talented, driven, creative, curious-is what opens the doors to a Middlebury education. Not your financial circumstances. $ 80 M institutional aid awarded $ 0 TUITION FOR FAMILIES WITH INCOMES UP TO $175,000 50 % OF MIDDLEBURY STUDENTS RECEIVE FINANCIAL AID 100 % Calculated Need Met $ 66 K AVERAGE GRANT 100 % Need-Based Aid Our Financial Aid Commitment Talented and dedicated students from all backgrounds should have the opportunity for a Middlebury education and the futures it opens. Middlebury is tuition-free for families with annual incomes up to $175,000. We meet all admitted students' demonstrated financial need. Almost all of our financial aid is institutional grants and scholarships which do not have to be repaid. Financial aid includes all books and supplies. Higher need students also qualify for student health insurance and a new laptop. We're here to help you make a Middlebury education affordable. Explore Financial Aid Middlebury Admissions Emma Willard House 131 South Main Street Middlebury, VT 05753 Contact Us (802) 443-3000 admissions@middlebury.edu Connect Link to page/content on instagram Link to page/content on x Link to page/content on vimeo Link to page/content on facebook Help shape Middlebury's future. Make a Gift Middlebury College Middlebury, VT 05753 802-443-5000 Admissions 802-443-3000 admissions@middlebury.edu Public Safety 802-443-5911 publicsafety@middlebury.edu Link to page/content on instagram Link to page/content on x Link to page/content on vimeo Link to page/content on facebook Information For Students Alumni Faculty and Staff Parents Media Donors Job Seekers Visitors Quick Links Emergency Academic Calendar Banner9 Registration Banner 9 Bookstore Box Office Campus Map Covid-19 Updates Directory Directions to Middlebury Ethical Reporting Library Museum of Art Oracle Cloud Report an issue with this page Technology Help Transportation Options Webmail About Middlebury Giving Employment Offices and Services Copyright Privacy Emergency Site-Editor Login Back to Top Navigation Close Apply Visit Financial Aid Admissions & Financial Aid Application Instructions and Deadlines Campus and Virtual Visits Counselor Information Reports and Policies Connect with Admissions Academics Majors and Minors Programs and Opportunities Resources and Centers Course Information Advising Library Museum of Art Academics Calendars Academic Affairs Student Life Center for Student Success Academic Life Annual Campus Events General Information Arts Planning Ahead Athletics Get Involved Community Living Community Standards Dean of Students Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Center for Health and Wellness Student Activities New Student Orientation Athletics Arts Events Performing Arts Series Box Office Stay in Touch Accessibility Services Middlebury International Midd Stories Calendar of Events Offices and Services Giving