Skip to content We use cookies and other technologies to better understand a visitor's experience and to help improve our websites. By continuing to use the website, you consent to Middlebury's use of cookies and other technologies as outlined in our Privacy Policy . Close Middlebury College Menu Admissions & Financial Aid Application Instructions and Deadlines Campus and Virtual Visits Counselor Information Reports and Policies Connect with Admissions Academics Majors and Minors Programs and Opportunities Resources and Centers Course Information Advising Library Museum of Art Academics Calendars Academic Affairs Student Life Center for Student Success Academic Life Annual Campus Events General Information Arts Planning Ahead Athletics Get Involved Community Living Community Standards Dean of Students Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Center for Health and Wellness Student Activities New Student Orientation Athletics Arts Events Performing Arts Series Box Office Stay in Touch Accessibility Services Middlebury International Search Midd Stories Calendar of Events Offices and Services Giving Apply Visit Financial Aid Search Search Search Middlebury College Admissions Application Instructions and Deadlines Admissions & Financial Aid In this section Admissions & Financial Aid Application Instructions and Deadlines Student Admissions Options QuestBridge Applicants Campus and Virtual Visits Counselor Information Reports and Policies Connect With Admissions Middlebury uses the Common Application , Coalition Application , and QuestBridge Application . Application Calendar and Deadlines Application Application Due Financial Aid Application Due Notification Early Decision I November 2 November 15 mid-December Early Decision II January 4 January 4 mid-February Regular January 4 February 1 late March Transfer fall March 1 March 1 mid-May Transfer spring November 2 November 9 mid-December Middlebury Application Requirements What's Required Details Application Common App, Coalition Application, or QuestBridge. Application essay Use the prompts on the application. We do not require a supplemental essay. Teacher recommendations Please request at least two. School report, counselor recommendation, and transcript Submitted directly from your high school counselor. Senior grades ED I: Send first-term grades as soon as possible.* ED II: Send midyear grades by January 15.* RD: Send midyear grades by February 15.* No admissions decisions will be made without senior grades. Additional Requirements for International Students See more information for international students . *We recognize that high schools operate on a variety of timelines, and your individual school's calendar might prevent exact adherence to these guidelines. If that is the case, that's fine, and we will work with your high school's timeline. Find more information for counselors. Semester of Entry You may indicate your preference for a specific semester of entry (September only, February only, or either February or September). This does not change your admissions timeline; you apply using the same deadlines and will be notified of your admissions decision regardless of what term you indicate as a preference. Learn more about what it means to be a Feb . Applying to be a Feb does not impact how your application is evaluated. For Early Decision applicants, we will honor your entry term preference; for a small number of Regular Decision applicants, we may offer admission to a term which you did not indicate interest. Optional for Applying Standardized Tests Middlebury is test optional. To submit scores, have testing services or your guidance department submit scores directly to us. We accept self-reported scores at the time of application. If you choose to submit your ACT scores, you are not required to include the science section. Per our test optional policy, if you feel your score reflects your potential, you can still submit it, and we will consider it as part of your admissions review. Arts Supplements If you would like to have your special talent in one or more of the arts considered as a part of the admissions process, submit optional supplemental material using SlideRoom . Studio Art: If you are serious about majoring or minoring in studio art, submit 10 examples of your strongest artwork. Note the title, date, medium, and dimensions of each work. Instrumental/Voice: Solo performances preferred. Submit no more than 10-15 minutes of samples that demonstrate your musicality, intonation, phrasing, and repertoire. Theater: Two monologues (of contrasting styles, if possible). No more than four minutes, or brief clips of performances totaling no more than four minutes. Dance: Two to three samples of reasonable length as performer and/or choreographer. Identify yourself if you are not the soloist. Film or Video: No more than 10 minutes of complete pieces, excerpts, or a selection from multiple pieces. State which role was played in each production. Additional Materials You can upload additional materials directly to your student portal. We can't guarantee that any additional materials submitted beyond what is required will be reviewed by our admissions readers, but we make every effort to read or view all materials sent to us. Please don't submit financial information or copies of awards or certificates as additional materials. Alumni Interview or Glimpse Video After applying, you may request an optional alumni interview in your applicant portal. We will make every effort to match you with an alumni interviewer. However, due to the volume of applications we receive, we cannot guarantee that an interview will be possible. If you aren't matched, Glimpse is a great alternative that allows you to create a 90-second video or audio statement to help us get to know you better. Alumni Interview Deadlines Application Round Deadline to Request an Interview When Interviews Occur Early Decision I November 8 November Early Decision II January 9 January Regular Decision January 16 January-February International Students Currently, 15 percent of our students carry international passports or have grown up outside of the U.S. International students make up an important part of our student body. If you are an international applicant, please review all of our requirements. Some information requested may not pertain to all international educational systems. Please ask your secondary school administrator to forward all appropriate transcripts, standardized tests, and recommendations to the Admissions Office. International Application Requirements What's Required Details Basic Application Materials Apply by Common App or Coalition App with the requirements listed above. Proof of English proficiency You do not need to submit a language proficiency score in the following situations: Your native language is English Your high school classes were taught entirely in English (for the last three or four years, depending on the duration of high school in your country) For all other students, we require verifiable results from the TOEFL iBT, Duolingo English Test (DET), IELTS, or Cambridge English exam. The following minimum scores are recommended: 5.5 TOEFL iBT (105 on TOEFL iBT taken prior to January 21, 2026) 130 DET 7.0 IELTS Cambridge English C1 Advanced Standardized test scores Not required; Middlebury is test optional. To submit scores, have testing services or your guidance department submit scores directly to us. We accept self-reported scores at the time of application. Interview Not required.You may request an optional alumni interview once you've applied. We recommend you use InitialView or Vericant to complete an interview that can be included in your application. (There is a fee for these interview services.) Financial aid application We are need aware in our admission of international students. If you are seeking financial assistance, you must apply for aid when you apply for admission, no later than the deadlines indicated on our website . The Office of Student Financial Services has additional information and resources regarding financial assistance for international students . Student-Athletes Middlebury competes as a member of the New England Small College Athletic Conference (NESCAC). Learn more about athletic recruitment and student-athlete admissions guidance on the NESCAC website here . Transfer Students If you have been or are currently enrolled in a full-time degree-seeking program, you must apply as a transfer student. Note: Under certain circumstances, Middlebury may be unable to accommodate spring transfers. If you apply for spring entry and there are no vacancies, you will be notified in early December and given the option to be considered for the following fall semester. Transfer Application Requirements What's Required Details Application Please complete the Common Application for transfers. You may find their Help Center useful if you have questions. Secondary school transcripts Please include official secondary school transcripts from all high schools you have attended. College transcripts Please include official college transcripts from all colleges you have attended. Midterm reports If you are currently enrolled in college classes, you must use the Common Application form to request progress grades from each of your current professors. If you are not currently enrolled in college classes, please upload a statement via your checklist to your applicant portal. (Portal access is provided in your acknowledgment email.) College reports This is the form from the Common Application to be completed by your college dean or registrar confirming your academic standing and disciplinary record at your current institution. If you have attended more than one college or university, Middlebury will require a college report from each institution. Academic recommendation At least one academic recommendation from someone who has taught you in a college course is required; more are welcome. Once you have saved an electronic recommendation on the Common Application, an email request for an academic recommendation will automatically be sent to the recommender on your behalf. Please advise your recommender to look for this email in their inbox. College course descriptions Upload a Word document to your applicant portal that lists the official course descriptions from your institution's course catalog for each class you have taken. Also include course descriptions from any previous institutions you have attended. English proficiency test Middlebury accepts a number of English proficiency tests for students whose first language is not English or whose secondary education has been at a school where English is not the primary language of instruction. See more information in our section for international students . Optional Application Materials Middlebury is test optional. If you choose to submit standardized test scores, please request that testing services or your guidance department submit scores directly to Middlebury College. We will also accept self-reported scores at the time of application. Credit Transfer As a transfer student, you should expect to complete at least two full academic years of coursework at Middlebury (a minimum of 18 units of credit). We do not provide evaluations or estimates of transfer credits before admission; a credit estimate will be completed by the dean of curriculum in collaboration with the registrar's office prior to the enrollment deposit deadline. Final evaluation of transfer credit will be completed for admitted students upon receipt of the final transcript from the previous institution. Financial Aid Financial assistance at Middlebury is based entirely on established need and is offered to transfer students to the degree that resources permit. You must file the FAFSA and CSS Profile by November 1 for spring admission and by March 1 for fall admission. (International transfer students must file the CSS Profile.) Meet the Admissions Team Connect with the admissions representative for your area and meet our senior fellows and the rest of the admissions team. Apply to Middlebury Apply Experience Middlebury for yourself Visit We want Middlebury to be affordable for all students Financial Aid Find out more about Middlebury Request Info Middlebury Admissions Emma Willard House 131 South Main Street Middlebury, VT 05753 Contact Us admissions@middlebury.edu (802) 443-3000 Downloads Middlebury View Book Connect Link to page/content on instagram Link to page/content on x Link to page/content on vimeo Link to page/content on facebook Help shape Middlebury's future. Make a Gift Middlebury College Middlebury, VT 05753 802-443-5000 Admissions 802-443-3000 admissions@middlebury.edu Public Safety 802-443-5911 publicsafety@middlebury.edu Link to page/content on instagram Link to page/content on x Link to page/content on vimeo Link to page/content on facebook Information For Students Alumni Faculty and Staff Parents Media Donors Job Seekers Visitors Quick Links Emergency Academic Calendar Banner9 Registration Banner 9 Bookstore Box Office Campus Map Covid-19 Updates Directory Directions to Middlebury Ethical Reporting Library Museum of Art Oracle Cloud Report an issue with this page Technology Help Transportation Options Webmail About Middlebury Giving Employment Offices and Services Copyright Privacy Emergency Site-Editor Login Back to Top Navigation Close Apply Visit Financial Aid Admissions & Financial Aid Application Instructions and Deadlines Campus and Virtual Visits Counselor Information Reports and Policies Connect with Admissions Academics Majors and Minors Programs and Opportunities Resources and Centers Course Information Advising Library Museum of Art Academics Calendars Academic Affairs Student Life Center for Student Success Academic Life Annual Campus Events General Information Arts Planning Ahead Athletics Get Involved Community Living Community Standards Dean of Students Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Center for Health and Wellness Student Activities New Student Orientation Athletics Arts Events Performing Arts Series Box Office Stay in Touch Accessibility Services Middlebury International Midd Stories Calendar of Events Offices and Services Giving