Skip to main content Header Top (Right) International Students Academic Calendar Contact Online Services Support Center MEBIS Webmail (Outlook) Other Ana gezinti menüsü University Institutional Learn about our university's history, institutional values, and policies. Foundation Board of Trustees Institutional Values Institutional Policies Administration Explore the structure and members of our university's administrative units. Office of the Rector Office of the Secretary General Senate Executive Board Administrative Units Learn about the university's administrative structure. Organizational Chart Directorates Offices Resources Access institutional documents and information such as regulations, quality assurance, and procurements. Regulations and Directives Quality Assurance Procurement Other Committees and Commissions Learn about boards and committees affiliated with the Rectorate. Centers Learn about the application centers at our University. Genetic Diseases Center (MEDİGEN) Prosthetics and Orthotics Center (POMER) Speech and Language Therapy Center (MEDKOM) Academic Vocational Schools Learn about the vocational schools at our university and the associate degree programs offered. Justice Vocational School Health Services Social Sciences Schools Learn about the schools at our university and the undergraduate programs offered. Dentistry Pharmacy Education Fine Arts Design and Architecture Law Communication Humanities and Social Sciences Business and Management Sciences Engineering and Natural Sciences Health Sciences Medicine Medicine (International School) Graduate Schools Learn about the institutes at our university and the graduate programs offered. Forensic Sciences Natural Sciences Health Sciences Social Sciences Academic Units Learn about other academic units affiliated with the Rectorate. Office of the Turkish Preparatory Program Office of Foreign Languages Colleges Learn about the colleges at our university and the undergraduate programs offered. Health Sciences Education Centers Learn about application and research centers related to education. Center for Elective Courses Center for Continuing Education Turkish Language Teaching Center Center for Distance Learning Student Prospective Students Find detailed information about scholarships, quotas, educational opportunities, and campus life. Quotas and Admission Scores Scholarships and Discounts 360° Virtual Tour Campus Life Educational Opportunities Transfer Students Graduate Students Find information about graduate programs and application processes. International Students Get comprehensive information on application processes for international students. Current Students Learn about student services, exchange programs, and campus activities. New Student Guide Student Affairs Erasmus Program ECTS Information Package Directorate of Health, Culture and Sports Other Resources Find information about the academic calendar, library services, and campus support resources. Academic Calendar Campus Life MEBİS Library Career Center Ombudsperson Office Other Research Research Get up-to-date information about research projects, available facilities, and achievements. Research Portal Research News Awards University Rankings Centers and Laboratories Learn about the research centers and laboratories operating within the university. Health Sciences Research Institute (SABİTA) Medical Research Unit (MEDİTAM) Genetic Diseases Center (MEDİGEN) Application and Research Centers Research Groups Innovation Learn about the technology development and innovation activities at our university. Technology Transfer Office (TTO) Technology Development Center (TEKMER) Resources Access resources such as the technology transfer office, library services, and university publications. Library University Publications Academic Performance System (APS) Research Ethics Committees International Students Academic Calendar Contact Online Services Support Center MEBIS Webmail (Outlook) Other Medipol University Prospective Students Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Admissions International students can apply to our university at any program with their high school certificate or its equivalent document. Students should provide necessary documents for application within the prescribed time by regular post or personally submitted. Click on an item in the list below to read more about that topic. Who can Apply? Admission for İnternational Students for Undergraduate Programmed A) On condition that they either final year students or graduates from high school; 1) Those that have a foreign nationality, 2) Those who were born as Turkish citizens but later were permitted by the Ministry of the İnterior of Turkey to leave Turkish citizenship, including their underage children who are registered in the document of leaving Turkish citizenship and who can certificate that they have the document regarding the Exercise of Given Rights, pursuant to the Turkish Nationality Law, (The 7th article of the Turkish Nationality Law numbered 5901 prescribes that "(1) an infant born from the marriage of a mother or a father having Turkish citizenship inside or outside Turkey is a Turkish citizen"; applicants who would like to apply for the quotas of foreign admission should further review the Turkish Nationality Law.) 3) Those who used to have a foreign citizenship but later have attained Turkish citizenship/those who have a dual citizenship under these circumstances, 4) Those who have Turkish citizenship and have received secondary education entirely in a foreign country except for Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC) (including those who have received secondary education entirely at a Turkish school located in a foreign country except for TRNC), 5) Those who have TRNC citizenship, reside in TRNC, have received secondary education in TRNC and have obtained GCE AL degrees (The General Certificate of Education - Advanced Level), and those who registered in the colleges or high schools in other countries between 2005 and 2010 and currently have or will obtain GCE AL degrees are decided to be accepted . B) Applicants 1) Those that have Turkish citizenship and have received secondary education entirely in Turkey or in TRNC, 2) Those who have TRNC citizenship (excluding those who have received secondary education entirely at TRNC high schools and have obtained GCE AL degree and those registered in the colleges or high schools in other countries between 2005 and 2010 and currently have or will obtain GCE AL degrees), 3) Dual citizens whose first citizenship is Turkish from birth, as prescribed in article 2.1./a-2 of this guide (excluding those who have received secondary education entirely in foreign countries except for TRNC and those who have received secondary education entirely at a Turkish school located in a foreign country except for TRNC), 4) Dual citizens who have TRNC citizenship (excluding those who have received secondary education entirely at TRNC high schools and have obtained GCE AL degree and those registered in the colleges or high schools in other countries between 2005 and 2010 and currently have or will obtain GCE AL degrees), 5) Those that have studied or are currently studying at schools subject to the embassies in Turkey or at foreign high schools in Turkey and dual citizens whose first citizenship is Turkish as prescribed in the article 2.1. /a.2 of this guide is decided to not to be accept. How to Apply The Application process regarding 2016-2017 Academic Year will be carried out via e-mail or in person. By April-May 2016, you can use the e-mail addresses below for this process: Required Documents for Application Application Form High School Certificate Original copy of Certificate of Examination Results (SAT DI: 7226) (if any) The page of the passport including the applicant's photo A passport photo (for recognize the candidate) Contact Istanbul Medipol University International Office Kavacık Mahallesi Ekinciler Caddesi No:19 34810 Beykoz/İSTANBUL-TURKEY E-mail: [email protected] / [email protected] / [email protected] Phone: +90216 681 51 87 Accepted Exams Acceptable Examinations and Minimum Eligibity Scores for Application to Undergraduate Programs The exam result of YÖS - Entrance Exam for International Students is set by some universities in Turkish Higher Education- should be at least 60 out of 100 High school grade point average (GPA) should be at least 60 out of 100 SAT I total minimum score of 1000 GCE (General Certificate Education) Minimum 3 "A Level" on subjects at least one of which relevant to the program applied for In the ACT (American College Test) exam; for School of Medicine, Dentistry and Pharmacy at least 22, and for the other universities at least 20 For the Tawjihi exam which happens in Jordan and Palestine Minimum 70 (average) from each courses in Science Stream of Tevcih (Tawjihi) For Baccalaureate Libanais in Science Stream Baccalaureate with a minimum grade of 15 out of 20 For who has International Baccalaureate minimum diploma grade of 30 Abitur Diploma grade minimum 4 French Baccalaureate with a minimum grade of 12 out of 20 For Al-Shahada-Al Thanawiyya (Baccalaureate) 180 out of 240 in the exam component relevant to the applicant's chosen program in Scientific Stream, 170 out of 240 in Social Stream Diploma Debirestan and Pişdaneşgahi minimum grade of 15 out of 20 Kazakhstan National University Test Exam minimum score of 90 out of 120 Al-Shahada-Al-Thanawiyya in Libya minimum score of 180 out of 240 Ujian Nasional (UNA) or (UN) in Indonesia minimum score is 60. Evaluation and Announcement Evaluation and Announcement of Results Evaluation 1) Applications are evaluated by the commission of at least 3 people which will be formed by the management of related academic unit. 2) The evaluation of applications and ranking of the candidates for admission is at discretion of İstanbul Medipol University. The İstanbul Medipol University is free to decide whether or not to fill our vacancies. 3) Meeting the application criteria does not guarantee admission to the programs. Announcement of Results and Registration The announcement of results and registration process as well as necessary information will be sent to candidates' e-mail addresses which have been already written on their application form. After the evaluation, students accepted for studies at İstanbul Medipol University will receive 'Letter of Acceptance' to their address by mail The students are required to acquire 'Student Visa' from the nearest Turkish Embassy/Consulate with this acceptance. Required Documents for Registration Documents Required For Registration 1) High School Certificate notary certified translation from Turkish Embassy or Consulate in their countries. 2) Official transcript notary certified translation from Turkish Embassy or Consulate in their countries. 3) Original copy of the examination result document approved by Turkish Embassy or Consulate in their countries, (SAT Dİ:7226) 4) Equivalency Certificate taken from Turkish Embassy or Consulate in their countries indicating that high school diploma is equivalent to the diplomas of Turkish high schools, 5) Copy of passport's page showing identity information and validity, approved by Turkish Embassy or Consulate in their countries, 6) Student Visa to be obtained from Turkish Embassy in their countries. 7) The candidate who apply faculty of medicine and dentistry if available prove their English proficiency. (TOEFL Dİ:3619) 8) The document showing the success of İstanbul Medipol University Turkish proficiency exam or submit a Turkish Proficiency Exam Score from TÖMER. 9) Permanent Residence (İn the one month of registration date should submit to Student Affairs Office) 10) 4 passport photos 11) Bank receipt proving that the entirely or partially tuition fee was paid. 12) A document stating that the applicant has the financial guarantee. ** 13) Student information form (will fill in the registration) **Financial Guarantee: The applicants who are admitted to our University have to prove that they have financial guarantee for the tuition fee to be paid to the University and for maintaining their lives in Turkey during their education period. Publication Date: 03/08/2022 - 15:57 Last Update : 03/08/2022 - 16:03 444 85 44 Footer Menu Contact Information Medipol © 2026, İstanbul Medipol University Copyright Menu Information Society Services PDPL Privacy Policy × What did you search? A-Z Programs Undergraduate Graduate Academic Calendar Double Major & Minor Programs Erasmus Prospective Students Registration Re-Enrolment Fees Directorate of Registrar's Office FAQ Accommodation Scholarships Lateral and Vertical Transfer Summer School Preparation Transportation Knowledge / Support Button