Skip to main content Header Top (Right) International Students Academic Calendar Contact Online Services Support Center MEBIS Webmail (Outlook) Other Ana gezinti menüsü University Institutional Learn about our university's history, institutional values, and policies. Foundation Board of Trustees Institutional Values Institutional Policies Administration Explore the structure and members of our university's administrative units. Office of the Rector Office of the Secretary General Senate Executive Board Administrative Units Learn about the university's administrative structure. Organizational Chart Directorates Offices Resources Access institutional documents and information such as regulations, quality assurance, and procurements. Regulations and Directives Quality Assurance Procurement Other Committees and Commissions Learn about boards and committees affiliated with the Rectorate. Centers Learn about the application centers at our University. Genetic Diseases Center (MEDİGEN) Prosthetics and Orthotics Center (POMER) Speech and Language Therapy Center (MEDKOM) Academic Vocational Schools Learn about the vocational schools at our university and the associate degree programs offered. Justice Vocational School Health Services Social Sciences Schools Learn about the schools at our university and the undergraduate programs offered. Dentistry Pharmacy Education Fine Arts Design and Architecture Law Communication Humanities and Social Sciences Business and Management Sciences Engineering and Natural Sciences Health Sciences Medicine Medicine (International School) Graduate Schools Learn about the institutes at our university and the graduate programs offered. Forensic Sciences Natural Sciences Health Sciences Social Sciences Academic Units Learn about other academic units affiliated with the Rectorate. Office of the Turkish Preparatory Program Office of Foreign Languages Colleges Learn about the colleges at our university and the undergraduate programs offered. Health Sciences Education Centers Learn about application and research centers related to education. Center for Elective Courses Center for Continuing Education Turkish Language Teaching Center Center for Distance Learning Student Prospective Students Find detailed information about scholarships, quotas, educational opportunities, and campus life. Quotas and Admission Scores Scholarships and Discounts 360° Virtual Tour Campus Life Educational Opportunities Transfer Students Graduate Students Find information about graduate programs and application processes. International Students Get comprehensive information on application processes for international students. Current Students Learn about student services, exchange programs, and campus activities. New Student Guide Student Affairs Erasmus Program ECTS Information Package Directorate of Health, Culture and Sports Other Resources Find information about the academic calendar, library services, and campus support resources. Academic Calendar Campus Life MEBİS Library Career Center Ombudsperson Office Other Research Research Get up-to-date information about research projects, available facilities, and achievements. Research Portal Research News Awards University Rankings Centers and Laboratories Learn about the research centers and laboratories operating within the university. Health Sciences Research Institute (SABİTA) Medical Research Unit (MEDİTAM) Genetic Diseases Center (MEDİGEN) Application and Research Centers Research Groups Innovation Learn about the technology development and innovation activities at our university. Technology Transfer Office (TTO) Technology Development Center (TEKMER) Resources Access resources such as the technology transfer office, library services, and university publications. Library University Publications Academic Performance System (APS) Research Ethics Committees International Students Academic Calendar Contact Online Services Support Center MEBIS Webmail (Outlook) Other Medipol University Active Students Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions Application Related Questions How can I apply to your university Admission requirements: A completed application form Notarized translation of High School Graduation Certificate from the Turkish Embassy or Consulate in candidate's home country Notarized translation of the transcript certificate from the Turkish Embassy or Consulate in the candidate's home country. Original copy of the test result report approved by the Turkish Embassy or Consulate in the candidate's home country. Example: SAT DI: 7226 High School Graduation Equivalency Certificate, which shows that the certificate is equivalent to high school diplomas issued in Turkey, from Turkey Embassy or Consulate in the candidate's home county. A copy of the personal details page of the passport approved by the Turkish Embassy or Consulate in the candidate's home country. A student visa obtained from the Turkish Embassy. Candidates applying to the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry are required to prove their English proficiency. For example, TOEFL DI: 3619 Turkish Proficiency Certificate from IMU Turkish Proficiency Exam or TOMER. Permanent residence card to submit to IMU student affairs within one month after enrolment. Four passport photographs. A bank receipt showing the payment of tuition (the whole or a part of) A document proving that the applicant was financially sponsored during education. Student information form (to be completed at the time of registration). Can I send university registration documents by post or fax? We do not accept documents by post or fax. All documents should be delivered in person. If the candidates cannot deliver the documents by themselves, they can be delivered by a proxy. Which exams and diplomas are accepted? What are the required scores? We do not accept documents by post or fax. All documents should be delivered in person. If the candidates cannot deliver the documents by themselves, they can be delivered by a proxy. The exams, diplomas and required scores accepted in the application are: Candidates who got 60 out of 100 in the Entrance Examination for Foreign Students, held by Measuring, Selection and Placement Centre in Turkey. Candidates who have a high school diploma with a grade of 60 out of 100. Candidates who have received at least 4 points on ABITUR. Candidates who have a total score of at least 1000 from SAT1 exam, which is valid for 2 years) Candidates from Iran who have a high school diploma (Diploma Debirestan) with a grade of 15 out of 20, and who have Pişdaneşgahi grade 15 out of 20. Candidates who hold a French Baccalaureate diploma with at least 12 diploma grades. Candidates from Syria who attended to Al Shahada Al Thanawiyya Exam need to have 180 out of 240 in the science section for the Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and, Pharmacy; for the other faculties, they need to have 170 out of 240. Candidates who got at least 70 in the science section of the Tawjihi exams which are held in Jordan and Palestine. Candidates who have three A levels (one of them must be related to department candidate wants to study) on the GCE exams. Candidates who have at least 22 for the Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and, Pharmacy; at least 20 for other faculties on the ACT (American College Test). Candidates who have 15 diploma grades in the Scientific Stream of the Baccalaureat Libanais which is held in Lebanon. Candidates who have an International Baccalaureate diploma with a grade at least 30. Candidates who received gold, silver and bronze medals in the International Science Olympics, participated by TÜBİAK. Candidates with a score of at least 480 out of 750 in the program type applied in the Gaokao exam which is held in the People's Republic of China. Candidates who got at least 90 out of 120 in the National University Test in Kazakhstan. Candidates from Libya who attended Al Shahada Al Thanawiya Exam need to get 180 out of 240 the Scientific Stream for the Faculty of Engineering. Candidates who got at least 60 from the Ujian Nasional Exam, which is held by the Indonesian Ministry of Education across the country. When and how can I find out my application result? A letter of acceptance is sent to you within 3 working days after you completed your application. What is the annual tuition? Our annual tuitions change every year, you can check our website for detailed information, or you can reach us through the information below: [email protected] +90 531 882 13 31 How can I pay the tuition? You can pay the tuition in full or in installments. The student receives a discount on in advance payment. You can pay the tuition in 4 installments. What are the scholarship opportunities at your university? We have scholarship opportunities for up to 50%. You can obtain detailed information during the registration period. What are the scholarship opportunities you provide to top-level students? Each year, our university provides Success Scholarships to undergraduate students who are placed in the top ranks and meet the designated requirements. The students who earn the Success Scholarship are selected according to the weighted grade point average (GPA) and other conditions in the completed academic year and the relevant scholarship is valid only for the following year. What are your university's associate degree and undergraduate programs, student quotas and tuition? Students were accepted to 99 programs of Vocational School of Health Services, Vocational School of Social Sciences and Vocational School of Justice in the 2018 - 2019 Academic Year. What are the graduate programs, student quotas and application conditions of your university? Students were accepted to 71 programs of faculties and vocational school, in the 2018 - 2019 Academic Year. You can find the 2019-2020 Academic Year program, quota and tuition information below. What are the graduate programs, student quotas and application conditions of your university? There are 61 master programs and 28 doctorate programs in the Institute of Health Sciences, the Institute of Social Sciences and the Institute of Science. There are 1,385 students in the graduate programs and 528 students in the doctorate programs. You can find the 2019-2020 academic year graduate programs below. For the Master of Health Science programs, quotas and application requirements For the Master of Social Science programs, quotas and application requirements For the Master of Science programs, quotas and application requirements For the Master of Forensic Science programs, quotas and application requirements For the institutes What is the language of instruction at your university The language of instruction is Turkish and English. In the 2019-2020 academic year, the language of instruction of 3 undergraduate programs is 30% English and 30 programs are 100% English. How the I apply fot the residence permit You can fill the application form online, and then you need to deliver your papers in person. For more information, visit https://e-ikamet.goc.gov.tr/ How can I apply for the student travel card? You can apply for the travel card in the IETT (Transport for Istanbul) Istanbul kart Application Centre with your student certificate. For more information click the link below: https://www.istanbulkart.istanbul/ogrenci-karti-1070 How can I apply for the equivalence certificate? The equivalence certificate is the certificate issued by the Ministry of National Education or Education Attaches abroad. You can apply in person by going to the Istanbul Provincial Directorate of National Education. Who can help me with visa procedures? Visa procedures are the responsibility of the candidates. It is very important to complete the documents requested by the consulate/embassy of the destination country during the visa application process. Exchange Programs Related Questions What are your student exchange opportunities and programs? Erasmus, Farabi, and Mevlana exchange programs are implemented in our university. Erasmus Exchange Program Farabi Exchange Program Mevlana Exchange Program I am a student/university staff. How can I apply to the Erasmus mobility program? Participation of students/staff in Erasmus + mobility activities is provided by higher education institutions where they are students/staff. Higher education institutions schedule their own election process and select the students and staff to be sent. Students/staff make their applications to the institutions where they are students/staff at the time which is announced by the higher education institutions. Is it possible for me to attend the student/staff mobility program independently from the higher education institution I enrolled in? No. You can only attend through the higher education institution you enrolled in. Can I choose the country or higher education institution I want to go to? You can only go to the countries/ institutions we have an agreement with. However, the student/staff can lead the higher education institutions they enrolled to make an agreement with the institutions abroad. How to make an agreement between the institutions? Inter-institutional agreements are signed between the faculties/departments of higher education institutions by the authorized persons of those institutions in a way to allow mobility of a certain number of students/staff for a certain period. Although students do not have the opportunity to make inter-institutional agreements, it is possible for them to help the university officials to find institutions to make an agreement. However, agreements cannot be exclusive to a student, even though the student created the basis of the agreement. Each agreement is in the name of the institution and for all the students. Can I go to the internship place I found with the student internship program? Students can do internships at places recommended by their institutions, also they can find their internship places themselves and apply to those places via the International Office of their institutions. Students who apply to internship institutions recommended by their higher education institution or those who found their internship places will be selected according to the criteria of the academic year they applied. Who can apply to the staff mobility program? The academic and administrative staff of higher education institutions who wish to improve themselves and exchange experiences with European colleagues can apply to mobility programs. Is possible for me to extend my mobility program from one semester to two semesters? Would I be given a grant in that case? The extension of the mobility program will be possible in case of the approval of the student's request by the higher education institute. If there is enough funding to support the student for one more semester, the student can extend the mobility program with a grant. If there isn't enough funding to support the student, the student can extend the mobility program without a grant, provided that all the program rules are applied. On the other hand, an extension of the mobility program will only be valid if the students continue their education in the same higher education institution as the first semester. If the student/staff wants to attend a mobility program for the second time in a different country, a new application and selection process is required. Can I do my internship at two different institutions? Would I be given a grant in this case? Erasmus mobility program should be completed only in one institution from the beginning to the end. Students/staff should finish their mobility program in the institution they have started. For example, when the student/staff should do their internship for at least 2 months in the same intuition. Otherwise, their internship may not be in the terms of Erasmus mobility program and they may not be given any grant. Can graduate students attend to Erasmus mobility program? No, you need to be a student. On the other hand, a change made in the new semester allows students who graduated recently to attend an internship mobility program. This allows students who have applied to the internship program while they are students to attend internship mobility within one year after their graduation for up to 12 months. If the students want to attend the internship activity after graduation, they should apply to the higher education institution while they are still students. Applications after graduation are not accepted. How long can I benefit from the mobility program as a student? Students have the opportunity to benefit from Erasmus mobility activities with or without a grant for a total of 12 months for each level of education. Student Information System (MEBIS) Related Questions What information can I get on MEBIS? You can choose courses, examine the courses you have taken, access the information about the exams, check your grades, request documents such as student certificate, transcript and course contents, make payment, review the past payments and download the receipts, check your course program, participate in surveys at the end of the semester. What should I do if I have forgotten my MEBIS password? Click "I forgot my password" section on the MEBIS home page and reset your password. In order to do reset your password, your e-mail address and mobile number must be registered to the MEBIS. If there is a lack of this information, you need to visit the Student Affairs Office. What should I do if my student id card is lost or stolen? You can request a new student ID the card by clicking the Document Request section in the MEBIS system. What can I do if I need to change or correct my personal information? You need to visit the Student Affairs Office. Where can I find out if my student ID card is ready or not? If the status of the student id card is ready on the Document Request section, you can take your card from the Information Technologies Department on your campus. How can I use my student id card as a debit card? (Param Card) Param Card is an electronic money account which belongs to TURK Elektronik Para Inc. Param Card which you can make a deposit and is valid in regular and online shopping. You can apply via the link below to open an account. https://param.com.tr/Basvuru.aspx?KartTipi=classic You can create a password on the application and with the same password, you can make transactions. Once your account is active, you can use the card as a debit card. With your debit card, you can withdraw money from the cash machines of all the banks 24/7. You can make a deposit to your Param card by EFT, transfer, cash machines or online banking. You can check your Param card account transactions on the mobile application. Features of Param Card It is a member of the TROY card scheme which is only available in Turkey. Param cards offer you advantages when you use it in the member merchant contracted with Param card. You can follow up with the advantageous campaigns up to date and get information about their details. You should check the website as the number of member merchants contracted with Param is constantly increasing. Student Accommodation What are your accommodation opportunities? Unfortunately, there is no dormitory in the Unkapanı Campus. However, in the district of Fatih, where the Unkapanı Campus is located, there are a lot of dormitories since there are universities located in the area. Due to its location, it is easy to reach downtown. During the student orientation period, students and parents are informed about nearby private and state dormitories and guesthouses. There are dormitories for 1850 girls, and for 570 boys on our Kavacık Campuses. The girls' dormitory has rooms for 3 and 4 people, while the boys' dormitory has single and 3-person rooms. For more information, please contact: Dormitory for Girls: + 90 216 681 19 88 Dormitory for Boys: +90 216 681 53 13 http://yurt.medipol.edu.tr [email protected] Address: GIRLS' DORMITORY: Göztepe Mh. Atatürk Cd. No: 40, 34815 Beykoz, Istanbul BOY'S DORMITORY: Kavacık Mh. Ekinciler Cd. No: 19 34810 Beykoz, Istanbul How can I apply? After you have registered at the university, you can register for the dormitory. You need to bring some papers when you or your proxy come here to register. What are the application documents? A copy of your residence permit card or passport. A medical report which shows there are no obstacles or infectious diseases for you to stay in the dormitories. Criminal record and archive record, which was taken in the last 6 months. Two passport photos, which were taken in the last 6 months. Application form with your photograph. You need the fill the form in the link down below. Students under the age of 18 must apply with their parent or guardian. Registrations with missing documents cannot be accepted. Students cannot pay dormitory fees without registering. Students cannot make use of dorms without paying the fee. You can reach the papers mentioned above in this link: https://yurt.medipol.edu.tr How and when should I apply? Dormitory applications and registration dates are published on the dorm website. ( https://yurt.medipol.edu.tr ) Can I choose my roommate? Can I change my room? Roommate selection cannot be made during the registration process. If the student specifies who he/she wants to stay with on the registration, he/she can be assisted as much as possible. The student can make a request to change the room where he/she is placed in the dormitory only once during the term, with a valid excuse. The request is evaluated by the management within the possibilities; however, we cannot promise you a change. How much is the dormitory fees? What are the installation opportunities? How can we pay for the dorms? Dormitory fees are determined in May for the next academic year. After the fees are determined they are published on the website. ( https://yurt.medipol.edu.tr ) Dormitory fees are determined annually. From September to the end of June (10 months), Services and Fees are fixed until the end of the current academic year. Instalment is only available for the credit cards of the Turkish Banks. You can pay the fee in 10 instalments. If you do not have a credit card, you can pay in cash. Payment is made by transfer to our bank accounts or dormitory accounting. There is a 5% discount for prepayments. Are dining and other services included in the dorm fee? What is included in the fee? Only accommodation service is included in the dormitory fee. (Does not include the meal and laundry.) Accommodation service includes room cleaning, toilet paper, liquid soap, Wi-Fi, and infirmary. You need to pay for the meals, laundry, and gym. In the 2019-2020 academic year; Per meal is (you can choose 4 dishes) 17,50 TL. Per laundry (washing and drying) is 5 TL. 3 times in a week, 12 times in a month membership is 70 TL for the gym. Is there any quota in the dormitory? What are your alternative recommendations in the case of lack of place? Although there is a shortage of quota in our dormitories, International Students are assisted with the reservation a place and to register if there is no disciplinary penalty from the previous years. Library Related Questions How many libraries are there in the university? Until when the library is open? There are libraries in the Kavacık North Campus, the South Campus, Haliç Campus, and Medipol Mega Hospital. For more information about the library, please visit their website. https://kutuphane.medipol.edu.tr/ Transportation Related Questions Do you have any shuttle services? What is the bus/ shuttle hours and locations? Where can I get information? Our bus service is available for all our campuses and hospitals. You can get information about bus service routes and times from our website. http://medipol.edu.tr/kampuste-hayat/servis-saatleri instagram.com/medipolservis Can we get information about shuttle fees? The transportation between the North Campus and the South Campus is 1 TL. Transportation to campus from other locations is 5 TL per day. How can we get to the university at other times? Outside of bus service hours, you can use public transportation with ease. Sport Activities And Student Clubs Related Questions Student Clubs How many student clubs are there in the university? Can I see the list of student clubs? Which activities are in the clubs? As of 2019-2020 academic year, we have 108 active student clubs within our university. The list of our student clubs can be reached from the student club responsible in the Health, Culture, and Sports Department. Our clubs are active in various fields including personal development, professional development, social responsibility, idea-thinking, and sports. What are the student club procedures? When can we establish a club? What is required for preparation? What are the application dates and documents? Where do I need to apply? Before the application, the clubs must determine the advisor's academic staff and the control board of 15 people. You need to fill the forms, which can be taken from the Health, Culture and Sports Department, and deliver it to the same department at the specified date. Afterward, the clubs that have obtained the approval of the department and the rector, become active. Can I be a member or a manager of more than one club at the same time? You may be a member of more than one club, but you cannot be a manager in multiple clubs. What are the most important events of student clubs? What activities are held? Clubs conduct various activities according to their field of activity. Since the groups addressed by each field also differ, their importance varies according to the field of activity of the clubs. Summits, congresses and conferences, interviews, exhibitions, and sightseeing tours are some of the most common types of events What is the procedure when we want to leave the student club and want to leave the administration? If the student is a part of the control board, the list of the control board with the new member must be submitted to the Health, Culture and Sports Department for the update. If you are a manager of a club and you want to leave, you need to write a petition with the new manager and deliver it to the Health, Culture, and Sports department. Sports Activities Which sport branches are available in Medipol university? Which sportive activities are carried out in the university? Basketball (Women and Men) Team Volleyball (Women and Men) Team Football (Men) Team Indoor Football (Men) Team Table Tennis (Women and Men) Team Kickboxing (Women and Men) Team Tennis (Women and Men) Team Athletics (Women and Men) Team Handball (Men) Team Archery (Women and Men) Team Chess (Women and Men) Team What are the procedures for participation for sports teams? What are the documents required for application, when is the application date? Where can I apply? You can apply when the new school year starts. For teams, you must first register for auditions. Registrations are made through the booths which are located the halls of the university at some specified times. After registering, our team coaches evaluate the students in the 2-week process with auditions and recruit them to the team. After getting into the team, the information about the necessary documents is transmitted to the team athletes. What are the school team funding procedures? Health, Culture, and Sports department's sports unit decide on this subject. During the decision process, requests from students are evaluated and submitted to the rectorate for approval. What are the procedures when we want to leave the school team? Students who want to leave the team can leave at any time, but when they leave, an athlete does not benefit from the discount and cannot be taken back to the team unless they have a necessary excuse. Do you have a sports course at your university? How can we participate? The Continuing Education Centre directs sports courses. The university has only school teams. Is your sports hall available? No, unfortunately, we do not have a sports hall. There are only 2 outdoor (Basketball-Volleyball) fields on the North Campus and 1 outdoor facility (Astro pitch, 2 basketball-volleyball, and 3 single pots) on the South Campus. Can we use sports equipment whenever we want? Sports equipment can only be used by the students in the teams during the training and competitions. Is your sports scholarship available for international students as well? Of course, international students can benefit from the scholarship in the regulations of the university, but they must take part in school teams. Only if you receive a degree (1st, 2nd or 3rd) in individual branches, there is merit pay. You can find more information about this subject on the bursary/scholarship section. Dining Service-Related Questions Is there a cafeteria service at the university? The catering services of Istanbul Medipol University in Kavacık, Haliç and Bağcılar Campus are provided by a private catering company. The Kavacık Campus (North and South), where the boys' and girls' dormitories are located, offers 3 meals service including breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Self-service and à la carte options are available. Outside the Refectory Are there café-style areas where students can dine? There are numerous cafes, canteens and buffets in the Kavacık, Haliç and Bağcılar campuses. Our canteens and buffets offer different tastes from Turkish and international cuisine, beverages, and breakfast. On the other hand, Polin Cafés located at the Kavacık and Bağcılar Campus are the places where students spend pleasant times with the cafes' stylish and modern architecture and delicious presentations. Polin Cafés offer hot and cold drinks, breakfast and food menus and cakes. Also, there are plenty of international and local fast-food chains at the Kavacık South Campus. Questions About Career Office Are there any job opportunities at the university? What should I do if I want to work part-time? Students working within the university are supported. Part-time students are employed in the units, in accordance with the needs of each unit. Requests are made directly to the relevant units. Publication Date: 03/08/2022 - 17:11 Last Update : 01/12/2023 - 10:43 444 85 44 Footer Menu Contact Information Medipol © 2026, İstanbul Medipol University Copyright Menu Information Society Services PDPL Privacy Policy × What did you search? A-Z Programs Undergraduate Graduate Academic Calendar Double Major & Minor Programs Erasmus Prospective Students Registration Re-Enrolment Fees Directorate of Registrar's Office FAQ Accommodation Scholarships Lateral and Vertical Transfer Summer School Preparation Transportation Knowledge / Support Button