Skip to main content Header Top (Right) International Students Academic Calendar Contact Online Services Support Center MEBIS Webmail (Outlook) Other TR TR Ana gezinti menüsü University Institutional Learn about our university's history, institutional values, and policies. Foundation Board of Trustees Institutional Values Institutional Policies Administration Explore the structure and members of our university's administrative units. Office of the Rector Office of the Secretary General Senate Executive Board Administrative Units Learn about the university's administrative structure. Organizational Chart Directorates Offices Resources Access institutional documents and information such as regulations, quality assurance, and procurements. Regulations and Directives Quality Assurance Procurement Other Committees and Commissions Learn about boards and committees affiliated with the Rectorate. Centers Learn about the application centers at our University. Genetic Diseases Center (MEDİGEN) Prosthetics and Orthotics Center (POMER) Speech and Language Therapy Center (MEDKOM) Academic Vocational Schools Learn about the vocational schools at our university and the associate degree programs offered. Justice Vocational School Health Services Social Sciences Schools Learn about the schools at our university and the undergraduate programs offered. Dentistry Pharmacy Education Fine Arts Design and Architecture Law Communication Humanities and Social Sciences Business and Management Sciences Engineering and Natural Sciences Health Sciences Medicine Medicine (International School) Graduate Schools Learn about the institutes at our university and the graduate programs offered. Forensic Sciences Natural Sciences Health Sciences Social Sciences Academic Units Learn about other academic units affiliated with the Rectorate. Office of the Turkish Preparatory Program Office of Foreign Languages Colleges Learn about the colleges at our university and the undergraduate programs offered. Health Sciences Education Centers Learn about application and research centers related to education. Center for Elective Courses Center for Continuing Education Turkish Language Teaching Center Center for Distance Learning Student Prospective Students Find detailed information about scholarships, quotas, educational opportunities, and campus life. Quotas and Admission Scores Scholarships and Discounts 360° Virtual Tour Campus Life Educational Opportunities Transfer Students Graduate Students Find information about graduate programs and application processes. International Students Get comprehensive information on application processes for international students. Current Students Learn about student services, exchange programs, and campus activities. New Student Guide Student Affairs Erasmus Program ECTS Information Package Directorate of Health, Culture and Sports Other Resources Find information about the academic calendar, library services, and campus support resources. Academic Calendar Campus Life MEBİS Library Career Center Ombudsperson Office Other Research Research Get up-to-date information about research projects, available facilities, and achievements. Research Portal Research News Awards University Rankings Centers and Laboratories Learn about the research centers and laboratories operating within the university. Health Sciences Research Institute (SABİTA) Medical Research Unit (MEDİTAM) Genetic Diseases Center (MEDİGEN) Application and Research Centers Research Groups Innovation Learn about the technology development and innovation activities at our university. Technology Transfer Office (TTO) Technology Development Center (TEKMER) Resources Access resources such as the technology transfer office, library services, and university publications. Library University Publications Academic Performance System (APS) Research Ethics Committees International Students Academic Calendar Contact Online Services Support Center MEBIS Webmail (Outlook) Other TR Medipol University Student Prospective Students Prospective Students Welcome to Istanbul Medipol University Discover Medipol, a place like no other you have experienced before Medipol is a truly intercontinental university, positioned in the heart of İstanbul, by the Kavacık and Golden Horn, a place surrounded by the heritage of various ancient civilisations and a place where two continents, Asia and Europe, meet. Since its establishment, Medipol has firmly committed to create an international teaching environment. Discover MEDİPOL, a place like no other you have experienced before. Medipol is a truly intercontinental university, positioned in the heart of İstanbul, by the Kavacık and Golden Horn, a place surrounded by the heritage of various ancient civilisations and a place where two continents, Asia and Europe, meet. Since its establishment, Medipol has firmly committed to create an international teaching environment. In this first year of teaching, we admitted about 7 percent of our undergraduate students from various countries across the globe. Our admission process is thorough and carefully considers the backgrounds of our applicants and how they would contribute to our academic community. Currently, Medipol University offers programs mainly in the field of health and law . Prospective students are welcome to visit the campus sites before applying and free to talk to our students and academic staff. International Student Admission High school graduation or its equivalent is a prerequisite for admission to any program at Istanbul Medipol University. Admission is based on a review of all credentials presented by an applicant. Scholastic background is evaluated by the Admissions Committee, along with personal qualifications and aptitude of each applicant. The application process is same for all international applicants regardless of citizenship status or country of residence. The application will be evaluated when all documents (application form, photograph, transcript, diploma and test scores) are received. SAT Reasoning Test (SAT1) and IB examination scores are strongly recommended but not required for admission. Such information will assist the evaluation process. Applicants, however, who choose not to take SAT Tests or IB examination will not be disadvantageous for admission. A provisional acceptance may be granted to applicants who have provided evidence of qualification for admission, but have yet to submit official records, test scores, or additional materials required. Language of Instruction Fluency in Turkish and English is a prerequisite for some undergraduate programs admission at Istanbul Medipol University. Turkish language proficiency will be evaluated only for those candidates that have met all other admission criteria and obtained a provisional acceptance. Although not a prerequisite, TÖMER certificate as a proof of candidates' language level is strongly recommended. If TÖMER certificate is not available candidates will be asked to take a Turkish proficiency test at Medipol University prior to or at the time of registration. Applicants whose test scores do not meet the requirements may be admitted to an Intensive Turkish Program (ITP) for at least two semesters. After successful completion of this program students will be admitted to the original program. The English Preparatory Program The language of instruction is both Turkish and English in Medipol. Minimally 30% of the instructing language is English in Medicine, Dentistry and Law. And in School of Engineering and Natural Sciences and International School of Medicine instructing language is English. School of Engineering and Natural Sciences, School of Dentistry (English), School of Business and Management Sciences: Management, Economics and Finance and International Trade and Finance, School of Humanities and Social Sciences: Psychology and Political Science and International Relations, School of Fine Arts Design and Architecture: Architecture, and lastly International School of Medicine are instructed %100 in English Our other programs' language of instruction is Turkish.. Upon registration, students must prove sufficient English proficiency before beginning their education in these programs. Students who do not yet have required English proficiency will have to attend and successfully complete an intensive English program. Our specialized preparatory program for English education offers the opportunity of learning English in intensive courses for at least two semesters. In compliance with the needs of our students, the courses are programmed into two levels: elementary (A1; according to the EU standards) and pre-intermediate levels (A2; according to the EU standards). Applicants who had high school education in English speaking countries or who provide a proof of a TOEFL score or equivalent results in other recognized English proficiency tests approved by the university are directly considered for the regular program. If test results are not available, an English proficiency exam will be scheduled at Medipol University prior to registration for those applicants who did not have high school education in English. Bilgi Talep Formu Publication Date: 04/08/2022 - 17:59 Last Update : 21/12/2022 - 16:22 444 85 44 Footer Menu Contact Information Medipol © 2026, İstanbul Medipol University Copyright Menu Information Society Services PDPL Privacy Policy × What did you search? A-Z Programs Undergraduate Graduate Academic Calendar Double Major & Minor Programs Erasmus Prospective Students Registration Re-Enrolment Fees Directorate of Registrar's Office FAQ Accommodation Scholarships Lateral and Vertical Transfer Summer School Preparation Transportation Knowledge / Support Button