Skip to main content Header Top (Left) Medipol University Contact Us : 444 85 44 E- Mail : [email protected] VR-360° Header Top (Right) Track Your Application Apply Now Login Main navigation ADMISSION How to Apply Tuition Fees Scholarship Application Master & PhD Applications Undergraduate Applications E-Payment and Banking Information Programs Undergraduate Programs Vocational Schools Language School TÖMER International English Proficiency Exams and Minimum Scores Accepted International Exams and Diplomas for Student Admissions Immigration Issues Residence Permit & Visa & Health Insurance Forms and Petitions MOBILITY Outgoing Why to Go? Partner Universities Incoming Why to Come? Requirements Online Application Application Form Documents to Bring Student Exchange Program ABOUT Who We Are Our Centers Our Campuses Medipol International Health Center Research Research Center for Health & Pharmaceutical Law CoSiNC Sabita Research Center for Healthcare Systems and Policies More Research Centers Course & Diploma Procedures Accredited Programs Disability Service Academic Calendar Opportunities in Education ECTS Information Guide Brochures and Presentations Galeries STUDENT LIFE Student Guide Hospital Agreements Useful Information Emergency Residence Permit Banking Issues Transportation Cards Contact Units & Advisors on Campus Embassies and Consulates How to Get to Medipol University Mebis National Days of Countries Shuttle Timetable Sports Information Activities and Sports Clubs Sports Opportunities Welcome to Istanbul Testimonials Cities Close to Istanbul Türkiye at a Glance FAQ Accommodation COLLABORATION Academic Relations Business Engagements CONTACT Book an Appointment Wishes & Complaints Contact Us Our Team Career at Medipol Track Your Application Apply Now Login Medipol University Contact Us : 444 85 44 E- Mail : [email protected] VR-360° Student Road Map Home Student Road Map 1. Make an Online Application Graduation Certificate/Diploma Transcript Passport English Language Certification (If you have, Please see; Click Here) Residence Permit (If you have) 2- Offer Letter (Conditional Acceptance) If you get accepted to the program, you will receive an offer letter that states all the conditions and information about the program you have been accepted for. After you receive the offer letter you will have to make the deposit payment within a couple of days to secure your seat for the related program. 3- Official Acceptance Letter Once you accept the offer letter and make the payment you will receive an official acceptance letter. This proves that you have been officially accepted to the related program. With this letter, you can apply for a student visa to come to Turkey. Then all you will need to do submit your original documents as required in the offer letter at the campus. You will be added to our Student Information System (MEBİS) that you can see all your studentship data, your courses, your documents, and everything related to your study. The international office will provide you your user name and password for the system. 4- Enrollment and Completing Registration When you come to the campus, we will complete your registration together at the international students' office. You will have to present all your documents with original Turkish translated hard copies including an equivalency certificate. New Applications To apply, please complete the Online Application Form. Select the academic term and degree program you wish to apply for. Confirm your email address by using the validation code sent to you. Enter your passport number. Please note that each applicant is allowed only one application per term. Prioritize your program choices, as only one application per term can be approved. Carefully provide your personal details, contact information, and educational background on the form. Upload the required documents specific to the program or degree you are applying for. Please be aware that graduate programs offer both Fall and Spring intakes, while undergraduate programs only have a Fall intake. New Applications Apply Now Track Your Application Once you submit the online application form, it will be reviewed within a maximum of one week. The admissions team may request additional documents or require a response to an email as part of the evaluation process. Therefore, it's important to regularly check your inbox and monitor your application status through the portal. Please be aware that each program has a limited number of available seats. Prompt action is essential if your application needs further attention. If you do not receive any feedback on your application, please reach out to us. Our team will assist you as swiftly as possible. Contact email: [email protected] Track Your Application Deposit Payment If your application is approved, you will receive a Conditional Acceptance Letter via email. To receive your Official Acceptance Letter, you must pay the advance tuition deposit by the specified deadline. This non-refundable deposit confirms your intention to enroll at Istanbul Medipol University and will be deducted from your tuition fees upon registration in Istanbul. You can make the deposit payment online, through a bank transfer, or via credit card on campus. The Conditional Acceptance Letter email will include a link for online payment, which is also accessible on the Track Application page. Bank details for the deposit will be provided on the second page of your Conditional Acceptance Letter. Once the deposit is received, we will send you the Official Acceptance Letter along with the Enrollment Guide and important dates. Banking Information Apply Now Published Date: Tue, 10/31/2023 - 16:10 Last Updated Date: Wed, 08/27/2025 - 14:41 Medimed TTO Teknofest UZEM Kütüphane Tesa Dlkl Erasmus © Copyright 2025 | Istanbul Medipol University