Plan your studies Universities Find study programmes Higher education in Sweden Degree programmes How to apply Scholarships Fees & costs Study with a disability Moving to Sweden The Swedish Way Permits & visas Accommodation & budget Health insurance Learn Swedish Day-to-day practicalities Work & internships After your studies Student blogs All blog posts Meet our ambassadors Events Events abroad Online fairs Livestreams Search Fees & costs What does it cost to study a bachelor's or master's programme in Sweden? Application fee Tuition fees Scholarships Living costs Studying abroad starts with big questions - what, where, why… and yes, how much? Before you decide to apply, it's important to understand what costs might be involved. If you're from outside the EU/EEA, you'll be required to pay application fees when you apply and tuition fees when you're admitted. On this page, we'll walk you through the main costs to think about before you apply and available funding options. You'll pay SEK 900 when you apply for programmes through universityadmissions.se. When you apply for bachelor's and master's programmes through the central admissions portal, Universityadmissions.se, you will pay an application fee. The fee is SEK 900, regardless of how many programmes you apply for. So this means you can apply for multiple programmes and still pay the same application fee. Full details about application fees can be found on Universityadmissions.se . ↗️ Tuition fees vary depending on the university and the programme. On average, tuition fees are around SEK 160,000 per academic year. But the total can be lower or higher depending on what and where you study. In general, tuition fees range from about SEK 80,000 to SEK 320,000 per academic year. You can find the cost of tuition fee on each programme's webpage or on Universityadmissions.se . ↗️ + - Social sciences & humanities For these subjects, you're looking at around SEK 80,000 - 135,000 per year. + - Technical & natural sciences These programmes cost a little more. You'll pay from SEK 140,000 - 185,000 per year. + - Architecture & design Yep, these programmes are at the higher end of the scale. Tuition fees for architecture or design range from SEK 210,000 - 320,000 per year. You can apply for scholarships. Yeah, studying in Sweden costs. Quite a lot. But there are loads of available scholarships in Sweden too. Most of them will cover the cost of your tuition. And some of them will cover tuition and living expenses. Amazing, right? Yeah, we like international students. A lot. Photo: Oskar Omne Lusanda, University of Borås "The SI scholarship sounded like a dream come true because they cover tuition fees, insurance, and living costs. And I was inspired by what the scholarship stood for, as they seek out the global leaders of tomorrow, provide a Network of Future Global Leaders and provide support to the contribute to the UN 2030 Sustainability Goals" "Check the library for textbooks before you buy them. And you ask your university library to order texts as an eBook, so you can access the texts for free" - Emma, Stockholm University. Photo: Jann Lipka/imagebank.sweden.se You'll need around SEK 10,656 per month to cover all of your living costs. Yeah, Sweden is expensive. And you might find your monthly costs are higher than where you're from. We'd say that housing will take up the largest chunk of your costs. But exactly how much you'll need each month will really depend on you. On your lifestyle. On your habits. And also, on where you live. + - Other study related costs You might need to spend SEK 750 per month on course textbooks. But it depends on the subject . Studying law or natural sciences? You might need to pay more. But don't worry. There are ways to keep these costs down. Like using the library. Or buying second-hand course literature. And students often pin up notices on campus, advertising their old textbooks for a discounted price. Want to join the student union? Your membership fee could range from SEK 50 - 350. If you join one, you'll get access to student activities and student discounts. But the membership fee varies from university to university. So check with your local student union about what you'll pay. + - Your monthly student budget We've broken it down for you: Food: SEK 2,716 Accommodation: SEK 4,900 Local travel: SEK 650 Phone/internet: SEK 400 Miscellaneous: SEK 1,990 Total: SEK 10,656 Dig deeper Find a scholarship Cost of living and budgeting tips for students in Sweden Budget hacks for international students in Sweden ↗️ About this site Studyinsweden.se is a comprehensive, official resource on higher education in Sweden for prospective and current international students. Read more Copyright Disclaimer Cookie Policy 🍪 Digital accessibility Other official sites Sweden.se ↗️ Visitsweden.com ↗️ Swedenabroad.com ↗️ Copyright © 2026 Swedish Institute. Latest news New rules for residence permits for studies in Sweden Become a Study in Sweden digital ambassador 2026/2027 Newsletter Join our newsletter 📧 Follow us