Plan your studies Universities Find study programmes Higher education in Sweden Degree programmes How to apply Scholarships Fees & costs Study with a disability Moving to Sweden The Swedish Way Permits & visas Accommodation & budget Health insurance Learn Swedish Day-to-day practicalities Work & internships After your studies Student blogs All blog posts Meet our ambassadors Events Events abroad Online fairs Livestreams Search Permits & visas If you're staying with us for over 3 months, you'll need to apply for a r esidence permit before you come to Sweden. Shorter stay? You may need a visa . Before you move When you arrive After your studies? If you leave Do I need a visa or a residence permit? You'll need to fix some things before coming to Sweden. First things first, you'll need to get accepted into your university of choice before you can start. + - Staying less than 3 months? How to apply for a visa Before you move to Sweden, you'll need to apply for a visa. Because of your citizenship, you'll need a visa to come to Sweden. But there may be some exceptions. And if you have a biometric passport, you might be exempt from having a visa. But it depends on your citizenship. More details can be found on this list . ↗️ Applying for a visa is pretty easy. Check the Swedish Migration Agency's website for how to apply for a visa . ↗️ + - Here for over 3 months? How to apply for a residence permit Before you move to Sweden, you'll need to apply for a residence permit. But first, you must be admitted to full-time accredited university studies in Sweden and have paid your first tuition fee instalment. Don't be late! The application process for a residence permit can, depending on your circumstances, take several months to get a decision. As soon as you've paid your first tuition fee, get cracking. Apply for your residence permit on the Swedish Migration Agency's website . ↗️ You can also watch our YouTube series about applying for the Swedish residence permit for studies ↗️ Pay your first tuition fee instalment Prepare your supporting documentation. This includes copies of your passport and letter of admission as well as proving that you can support yourself financially during your time as a student in Sweden. You'll also need health insurance if you'll be staying in Sweden for less than one year. Submit the online application. Wait for approval Move to Sweden! Here for a year? Register in the Swedish Population Register and get your personal identity number. If you're going to stay in Sweden for more than one year, you're generally required to register in the Swedish Population Register. By doing this you also get a Swedish personal identity number - a "personnummer". Make sure your residence permit is valid for at least one year. Want to know more? Head over to the Swedish Tax Agency's website ↗️ to learn more about moving to Sweden. You can also sign up for the Swedish Tax Agency's webinar "New in Sweden" ↗️ to hear about things you should think of before moving to Sweden, and much more. + - The Swedish "Personnummer" - makes everyday life easier We're not kidding. It really does make things easier. And you'll use it on a daily basis for things like borrowing books from the public library, collecting bonus points for grocery shopping, picking up a parcel from the delivery collection point… Should we go on? And actually, you might struggle to get some things sorted (like opening a bank account) without a personal identity number. So yeah, we'd say it's an important number to get. + - You should apply for a Swedish ID card too Need to prove your identity when you're here? So, generally it's perfectly fine to use your passport or local ID card. But there are times when having a Swedish ID makes things easier. Like when you're proving your identity in banks, shops, pharmacies, or when you're in contact with Swedish authorities. How can I get a Swedish ID card? First things first, you'll need to have registered in the Swedish Population Register. After you've received your personal identity number, you can go ahead and apply for your Swedish ID card . ↗️ You'll do this through the Swedish Tax Agency too. + - Coordination numbers If you need to apply for a coordination number rather than a personnummer (if you'll be in Sweden for less than one year), you'll do this through the Swedish Tax Agency. If you need to apply for a coordination number, or already have a coordination number, you can use the e-service 'Coordination Number' on the Swedish Tax Agency website . ↗️ Sanjay, Malmö University "Just like that carton of milk you bought last month, your residence permit can expire. This means that in no time your card can be invalid, void and completely useless. Make sure you renew it in time!" Want to work in Sweden after your studies? You can apply to extend your residence permit for an extra 12 months. During this time you can search for jobs or start a company . Found a job within 12 months? Then you'll apply for a work permit. For more information on requirements and how to apply for an extension or a work permit, visit the Swedish Migration Agency's website . ↗️ Leaving us? Let the Swedish Tax Agency know. If you're registered in the Swedish Population Register and planning to move away from Sweden after your studies, let the Swedish Tax Agency know so they can remove you from the list. To let the Swedish Tax Agency know you're leaving Sweden, they've launched an e-service 'Moving Away from Sweden'. You can find more information and access the e-service at the Swedish Tax Agency's website . ↗️ Dig deeper From the blog 👉 Student residence permits: easy as pie ✍🏾 How to apply for a Swedish personal identity number & bank account Moving to Sweden from a EU country Moving to Sweden from non-EU country About this site Studyinsweden.se is a comprehensive, official resource on higher education in Sweden for prospective and current international students. Read more Copyright Disclaimer Cookie Policy 🍪 Digital accessibility Other official sites Sweden.se ↗️ Visitsweden.com ↗️ Swedenabroad.com ↗️ Copyright © 2026 Swedish Institute. Latest news New rules for residence permits for studies in Sweden Become a Study in Sweden digital ambassador 2026/2027 Newsletter Join our newsletter 📧 Follow us