Skip to content Contact 日本語 People Giving to UTokyo HOME Education About UTokyo Office of the President Mission and Vision History Facts and Figures Offices & Administration Publications & PR Visit UTokyo Access and Campus Maps Facilities Rules and Regulations Job Information Academics Faculties Graduate Schools Institutes and Other University Organizations Special Educational Activities Research Activities International Activities Why UTokyo? Explore Our Campuses Learn Discover Our People In Depth Why Tokyo? Why Japan? Research UTokyo FOCUS Research from Graduate Schools, Institutes and Other Organizations University-wide Research Activities Research Cooperation with Industries Research at UTokyo Alumni News & Topics UTokyo Alumni Association Connect Learn Support for Students Contribute Publications Including Online Media Bulletin Board Services and Benefits Obtaining Certificates of Student Status, Certificates of Graduation, and Transcripts Term Dates and University Calendar Prospective Students Why UTokyo? Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Student Exchange Programs Special and Short-term Programs Housing Tuition and Scholarships Student Support Guide for International Students UTokyo Current Students News/Notices & Events Procedures for Entering and Residing in Japan Housing Health and Safety Tuition and Scholarships Career Support for Students Studying Japanese Studying Abroad On-campus Services for International Students and Researchers University-wide Student Exchange Program (USTEP) Type U Support for Family Members in Japan Rules and Regulations Term Dates and University Calendar Ceremonies People HOME About UTokyo Academics Why UTokyo? Research Alumni Education Prospective Students Current Students UTokyo FOCUS Access and Campus Maps Contact Make a donation Prospective Students Home > Prospective Students > Tuition and Scholarships > Admission Fee and Tuition 日本語 Admission Fee and Tuition Admission Fee Tuition Fee Exemptions Admission Fee The admission fee is paid one time only at the time of admission. Payment is by wire transfer. For details, contact the administrative office of your Faculty/Graduate School. See the table below (in the Tuition Fee section) for the fee amount. Top Tuition Fee The following table lists the tuition and other fees for University of Tokyo students. Note: Students receiving a scholarship from the Japanese government (Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology) do not need to pay tuition and certain other fees. ・ Notice of tuition fee payment (first payment term: April - September 2026) (PDF) ・ Notice of tuition fee payment (second payment term: October 2025 - March 2026) (PDF) Student Category Undergraduate Graduate (excl. School of Law) School of Law Master's/Professional Doctoral/PhD in Medicine or Veterinary Science Admission fee ¥282,000 ¥282,000 ¥282,000 Tuition fee (annual) ¥642,960 ¥535,800 ¥520,800 ¥804,000 for those who enrolled in or before 2024 ¥535,800 Examination fee 1st stage ¥4,000 ¥30,000 ¥30,000 ¥7,000 2nd stage ¥13,000 - - ¥23,000 Student Category Research Student Auditing Student Examination fee ¥9,800 ¥9,800 Admission fee ¥84,600 ¥28,200 Tuition fee Monthly: ¥28,900 / Annual: ¥346,800 ¥14,800 per credit 1. Payment Periods Tuition payments are made in 6-month amounts twice a year: in May for the first half (April-September) and in November for the second half (October-March). ※Tuition payments for autumn entrants enrolled at the University in or before September 2018 are as follows: (1) For the year of entry, payment in November will be for the first seven months (September-March). (2) For the graduating year, payment in May will be for the last five months (April-August). (3) For the other years not covered by (1) or (2), payments in May and November will be for six months each. 2. Payment Method (Automatic Bank Account Withdrawal) • Payments will be deducted automatically from the bank account that you registered using the Tuition Deposit Account Withdrawal Request Form. ※ There are no charges for withdrawals from your deposit account. (To register, click the button below.) • Tuition fees will be withdrawn from your account on May 27 for the first half and November 27 for the second half (or the next business day if the payment date falls on a non-business day for financial institutions). • Please be sure to deposit an amount equal to the tuition payment in the relevant account at least one day prior to the withdrawal date. * You can check which of your accounts is currently registered through the "Payment Status Information" screen of the UTokyo Academic affairs System (UTAS) . (Any application made through the link below during the withdrawal request period [from around the 15th to the end of the month] will be implemented at the beginning of the following month.) * Supplementary explanation for entering account name (PDF) * You can register and also change existing account information through the above page. * To change your account information, register for a new account. (Your existing account information will be automatically overwritten by the new information.) * Please complete registering or changing your account information no later than the last day of the month prior to the scheduled withdrawal date. * For non-residents (less than 6 months after arrival in Japan). Non-resident accounts may not be able to apply through the website. In such cases, please print the PDF below and apply in writing. ・ Application Form for Tuition Fee Payment by Direct Debit (PDF) - Mailing address - Accounting Group, Finance Department, University of Tokyo, 7-3-1 Hongo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-8654, Japan (It takes about one and a half months from the date of receipt of the documents to the date when the account can be used as a debit account, provided that the documents are in order.) * "Flywire" is now available (From May 2023) (PDF) [For undergraduate and graduate students only.] <Contact for Payment Inquiries> * Frequently Asked Questions about Tuition Payment (PDF) * For questions regarding tuition other than the payment method, please contact your Faculty or Graduate School. Accounting Group, Finance Department (2F Administration Bureau) Email: syunyu.adm@gs.mail.u-tokyo.ac.jp Top Exemptions For information on exemptions, please see the following page: Admission & Tuition Fee Exemptions Inquiries Before contacting the University, please view the Frequently Asked Questions page to see if there is an answer to your inquiry. If your question pertains to a particular program/department, please contact that program/department directly. * The contact at the button below only accepts questions about method of tuition fee payment. For all other questions, please visit the FAQ page. Inquiries about the content of this page: Accounting Group Send inquiry Social media directory Site map Site policy Privacy policy Jobs UTokyo Portal utelecon Frequently asked questions Access and campus maps Disseminating information for UTokyo during disasters This website is managed by the Public Relations Office. For inquiries regarding the content of individual pages, please use the contact information listed on each page. © The University of Tokyo Kashiwa Campus Hongo Campus Komaba Campus Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close