Skip to content Contact 日本語 People Giving to UTokyo HOME Education About UTokyo Office of the President Mission and Vision History Facts and Figures Offices & Administration Publications & PR Visit UTokyo Access and Campus Maps Facilities Rules and Regulations Job Information Academics Faculties Graduate Schools Institutes and Other University Organizations Special Educational Activities Research Activities International Activities Why UTokyo? Explore Our Campuses Learn Discover Our People In Depth Why Tokyo? Why Japan? Research UTokyo FOCUS Research from Graduate Schools, Institutes and Other Organizations University-wide Research Activities Research Cooperation with Industries Research at UTokyo Alumni News & Topics UTokyo Alumni Association Connect Learn Support for Students Contribute Publications Including Online Media Bulletin Board Services and Benefits Obtaining Certificates of Student Status, Certificates of Graduation, and Transcripts Term Dates and University Calendar Prospective Students Why UTokyo? Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Student Exchange Programs Special and Short-term Programs Housing Tuition and Scholarships Student Support Guide for International Students UTokyo Current Students News/Notices & Events Procedures for Entering and Residing in Japan Housing Health and Safety Tuition and Scholarships Career Support for Students Studying Japanese Studying Abroad On-campus Services for International Students and Researchers University-wide Student Exchange Program (USTEP) Type U Support for Family Members in Japan Rules and Regulations Term Dates and University Calendar Ceremonies People HOME About UTokyo Academics Why UTokyo? Research Alumni Education Prospective Students Current Students UTokyo FOCUS Access and Campus Maps Contact Make a donation Prospective Students Home > Prospective Students > Tuition and Scholarships > Exemptions of Admission Fee & Tuition Fee 日本語 Exemptions of Admission Fee & Tuition Fee NOTICES This system provides full or partial exemption from admission/tuition fees for those who are approved after screening based on their application. Please understand that we operate the exemption program under a very tight budget. Your application may not be approved. Please be prepared to pay the fees in advance. In particular, the possibility of receiving an admission fee exemption is quite low. If you do not pay the admission fee by the designated date, as indicated in the results, you will lose your student status in accordance with university regulations. Top Exemptions of Admission & Tuition Fee for the Second Half of 2026 1. Eligibility Exemption of Admission Fee Students (excluding research students and auditing students) entering the University to whom any of the following applies: a) Students who have difficulties in paying admission fees due to economic reasons and who are recognized as having outstanding academic capabilities (graduate students only) b) Students who are recognized as having extreme difficulties in paying the admission fees due to either of the following reasons: ・The death of the persons responsible for the payment of their school expenses occurring one year or less prior to admission. ・Damages sustained by students or persons responsible for the payment of their school expenses caused by wind, flood or other natural disasters occurring one year or less prior to admission. c) Students who are recognized as having other unavoidable circumstances. Exemption of Tuition Fee Undergraduate or graduate students (excluding research students and auditing students) to whom any one of the following applies: a) Students who have difficulties in paying tuition due to economic reasons and who are recognized as having outstanding academic capabilities. b) Students who are recognized as having extreme difficulties in paying tuition due to the following reason: ・Damages sustained by students or the persons responsible for the payment of their school expenses caused by wind, flood or other natural disasters. c) Students who are recognized as having other unavoidable circumstances. 2. Application Schedule For newly enrolled undergraduate students admitted in April , please follow the application period specified in the "Admission Guide" (入学手続要領) distributed on the examination day, rather than the period listed below. Category Application Period Notification of Results First half 【Ended】 New Students entering April 2026 Feb.13(Fri) - Last day of admission procedure End of July *The tuition fee deduction based on the results will be on August 27th. Current students Feb.13(Fri) - Apr.3(Fri) Second half New Students entering October 2026 Aug.3(Mon) -Last day of admission procedure Mid-January *The tuition fee deduction based on the results will be on January 27th. Current students Aug.3(Mon) - Oct.6(Tue) Please note the following important deadlines: Application documents must be postmarked by the last day of the application period and must arrive no later than 2 business days after that date . Late submissions will not be accepted. If you are entering in October 2026 and wish to apply for both admission and tuition fee exemptions, you must submit your application by the admission procedure deadline . If you are applying for the tuition fee exemption only, you may submit your application by the same deadline as current students. For applicants advancing to the doctoral course from the master's (or professional) course in October, please ensure you submit a new application for the second half of the year. Applications submitted for the first half will not be carried over to the second half . 3. Application Method * Newly enrolled undergraduate students must follow the application procedures specified in the "Admission Guide" (入学手続要領) distributed on the examination day, rather than the method described below. The application method is by postal mail or In-Person Submission. Please prepare your application envelope as follows: Print the designated "Application Envelope Address Sheet" on A4-sized paper and affix it to a Kakugata No. 2 envelope (240mm x 332mm). Enclose the complete set of application documents. Starting with applications for the second half of 2026, we will accept all applications, including those for admission fee exemption , not just by postal mail but also in-person submission at the office. ・ by postal mail Please place all application documents inside a Kakugata No. 2 envelope (240mm x 332mm) with the designated Address Sheet firmly attached and send the envelope by Simplified Registered Mail (Kan'i Kakitome). To prevent the loss of documents and ensure a smooth reception process, applications submitted without being sealed in an envelope will not be accepted. Application documents must be postmarked by the last day of the application period and must arrive no later than 2 business days after that date . Late submissions will not be accepted. The submission address differs depending on your department. Please check the table below. ・In-Person Submission The Submission Counter differs depending on your department. Submission Counter Days Hours Deadline Target Applicants Komaba Campus (Scholarship Team, Student Support Division) Administration Building 1st Floor, Counter #7 Mon-Fri 10:00 AM - 12:30 PM, 1:30 PM - 4:00 PM Oct.6(Tue), 4:00 PM *Please note that the deadline differs for applications including Admission Fee Exemption. All applicants enrolled in: ・College of Arts and Sciences (excluding newly enrolled undergraduate students) ・Graduate School of Arts and Sciences ・Graduate School of Mathematical Sciences Hongo Campus (Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Student Support Group) Student Support Center 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM Oct.6(Tue), 5:00 PM *Please note that the deadline differs for applications including Admission Fee Exemption. All applicants enrolled in departments other than those listed above. Important Instructions for In-Person Submission To avoid congestion at the service counters, please strictly observe the following: No Document Review or Consultation at the Counter : The staff will only "receive" the documents. We cannot provide detailed document checks or answer lengthy questions on the spot. Please ensure all required documents are complete and double-checked for any errors before arriving at the counter. Consult in Advance via Inquiry Form : If you have any questions regarding the application forms or required documents, you must resolve them before coming to the window. Please use the Inquiry Form for any prior consultations. Note : Submissions will not be accepted at the counter from August 10 (Mon) to August 12 (Wed), 2026, due to the University of Tokyo's summer holidays. Additionally, please note that the counter will be unavailable on any other scheduled closing days. 4. Application Forms List of main required documents Legend: ✓ : Required for all applicants. ＊ : If applicable (Required only if you meet specific conditions). - : Not required. No. Required Documents Family Members Residing in Japan: No Family Members Residing in Japan: Yes 1 Checklist for Single-Person Households (PDF: 420KB) ✓ - 2 Checklist for Households with Two or More Members (PDF: 427KB) - ✓ 3 Copy of Student-ID or admission letter ✓ ✓ 4 Address Sheet for Application Envelope [For Hongo] Tuition Fee Exemption Team (PDF: 540KB) (All departments except the three departments below) [For Komaba] Scholarship Team (PDF: 560KB)(Only for students who entered the College of Arts and Sciences / Graduate School of Arts and Sciences / Graduate School of Mathematical Sciences ) ✓ ✓ 5 AY2026 Admission & Tuition Fee Exemption Application Form *The Excel version has been tested only on Windows. Mac users are advised to review the PDF version. [ Download Excel : 50KB] [ Download PDF : 304KB] [ Sample PDF : 1,218KB] ✓ ✓ 6 Statement Regarding Applicant's Income (Form1) [ Download PDF : 303KB] ✓ ✓ 7 Record of Household Finances (Form2) *The Excel version has been tested only on Windows. Mac users are advised to review the PDF version. [ Download PDF : 214KB] [ Download Excel : 43KB] [Sample PDF : 421KB] ✓ ✓ 8 Certificate of Residence (Juminhyo) [Original] (Must include all household members, issued within the last 3 months. Relationship details must NOT be omitted) - ✓ 9 Taxable/Non-Taxable Certificate [Original] ・If family is NOT in Japan: Submit for the applicant only. ・If family IS in Japan: Submit for all family members except those who are dependents. ・If you did not reside in Japan as of January 1, 2026: Submit a copy of your Residence Card (both sides) to verify your entry date. ✓ ✓ 10 Certificates of Income (Please refer to the [Attached PDF] (398KB) for a list of required documents for each case, and submit the ones applicable to you.) 【Available forms】 ・ Certification of Expected Annual Salary(Form3-1) [PDF: 173KB] (Please have your employer certify your annual salary using this form.) ・Certification of Expected Annual Salary(Form3-2) [PDF:165KB] (For TAs, Tutors, and Other Support Work Payments) ・Statement of Unemployment/No Fixed Income(Form4) [PDF: 25KB] ＊ ＊ 11 *Only if you are enrolled beyond the standard program duration Reason for extending beyond the standard course period (Form8) [ Download PDF : 359KB] [ Download Excel : 39KB] List of Publications (Form8-2) *for doctoral students only [Word: 33KB] ＊ ＊ 12 *Only if there are any missing documents Statement of Missing Documents (PDF:398KB) ＊ ＊ How to obtain the other application forms → Please download any forms not listed above from the Japanese Tuition Fee Exemption page. 5. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) If you have questions regarding the application process, eligibility criteria, or how to fill out the forms, please consult the following FAQ Page first. Frequently Asked Questions 6. Precautions 1. Applicants Residing Outside Japan Domestic Proxy Requirement: If you are outside Japan during the application period, you must appoint a proxy (someone currently in Japan) to submit the application on your behalf. Submission by Proxy : The proxy must provide their identification and a proxy letter (PDF: 39KB) signed by the applicant. Overseas Mail : Applications sent directly from overseas will not be accepted. 2. Deferral of Tuition Fee Payment Payment Deferral: Once your application is submitted, the payment of admission and tuition fees for the relevant period will be deferred until the selection results are announced. Revocation of Eligibility : Do NOT pay the admission and tuition fees before the results are announced. If you pay the fees early, your application for exemption will be automatically revoked. 3. Missing or Delayed Documents Principle of Full Submission : Please carefully read the Admission and Tuition Fee Exemption website and ensure that, in principle, you submit all required documents at the time of your application. For any documents you plan to submit later, you must use the Statement of Missing Documents (PDF:398KB). Please check the corresponding boxes, state the reason for the delay, and provide an expected submission date. Detailed Instructions : For specific details on how to submit these documents later, please refer to: Notice for Submission of Missing Documents (PDF: 373KB) 4. Re-application for the Second Half If you applied for both the first and second half of AY2026 during the first half's application period, you generally do not need to reapply. However, you MUST resubmit your application for the second half if any of the following apply: Changes in Information : If the information provided in the application on April 1 (family, study, or household budget) has changed by October 1. Change of Program : If students have changed programs in October. (e.g., cases where an applicant completes a Master's program in September and enters a Doctorate program in October, or completes the Junior Division in September and enters the Senior Division in October) Exceeding Program Duration: If students were expected to graduate or complete the program but remain enrolled beyond the program duration. 5. Selection Results Independent Review : Applications for the first and second half are evaluated separately. Checking Results : Approval for the first half does not guarantee approval for the second half. Please ensure you check the results for each half individually. 6. Withdrawal of Application To withdraw your application, sign in with your UTokyo Account and complete this form . 7. Annual Application Requirement No Automatic Renewal : Tuition fee exemptions are not carried over to the next academic year. To continue receiving an exemption, you must apply every year. AY2027 Applications : Applicants seeking an exemption for the next academic year (April 2027 - March 2028) must submit a new application and all required documents by the specified deadline. Top Deferred Payment of Admission and Tuition Fees Once the application is submitted, the payment of the relevant fee will be deferred until the results are determined (by the middle of January). If you need more deferment, you may additionally apply for deferment of admission/tuition fee payment. If you wish to apply, please contact us at the contact information below. The application period for deferred payment of admission fee is the same as for admission fee exemption, and the application period for deferred payment of tuition fee is the same as for tuition fee exemption. Top Contact information Before contacting the University, please view the Frequently Asked Questions and FAQ for exemption pages to see if there is an answer to your inquiry. If your question pertains to a particular program/department, please contact that program/department directly. * For questions regarding the payment method of the tuition fee, please contact Income and Liability Team . * For questions regarding admission/tuition fee other than the payment method, please contact your Faculty or Graduate School . Inquiry Form for Admission/Tuition Exemption * If you are unable to use the above form, please contact us by email. Please include your name, student ID number (if you are a current student), faculty/graduate school and program (undergraduate, graduate, doctoral, or professional) in the body of your email inquiry. You can cut and paste the inquiry template below into your email. -------------------------- ■ Applicant information (required) Faculty / Graduate School (as of October 1): Course: Undergraduate/ Master's/ Doctoral/ Professional Full name: Student ID number (8 digits): (If you do not know your student ID number before admission / advancement, please enter the name of the department or graduate school you plan to enter or continue your studies at.) ■ Inquiry content --------------------------- All departments except the three departments below Tuition Fee Exemption Team , the Student Scholarship and Welfare Group Email: syougaku.adm@gs.mail.u-tokyo.ac.jp Only for students who entered the following College and Graduate Schools ・College of Arts and Sciences ・Graduate School of Arts and Sciences ・Graduate School of Mathematical Sciences Scholarship Fund Section , Student Affairs Division at the College of Arts and Sciences Komaba Campus, Administration Building 1st Floor, Counter #7 Email: s-shikin.c@gs.mail.u-tokyo.ac.jp Inquiries Inquiries about the content of this page: Student Scholarship and Welfare Group Send inquiry Social media directory Site map Site policy Privacy policy Jobs UTokyo Portal utelecon Frequently asked questions Access and campus maps Disseminating information for UTokyo during disasters This website is managed by the Public Relations Office. For inquiries regarding the content of individual pages, please use the contact information listed on each page. © The University of Tokyo Kashiwa Campus Hongo Campus Komaba Campus Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close Back Access and Campus Maps Close