EN JP Contact About Admissions Program Student Life News Events FAQ EN JP About Admissions Program Student Life News Events FAQ Contact Admissions Program Starts September 2027 Application for 2027 Enrollment October 15 at 9:00 AM - November 5 at 5:00 PM, 2026 (JST) For admissions, we will employ a holistic and equitable approach. Our selection system assesses students' future potential by evaluating academic achievements and considering personal attributes, talents, and experiences shaped by distinctive life situations. We're looking for a diverse range of students from Japan and around the world to start classes in September 2027. Application Guidelines for 2027 Enrollment How to Apply on the online application system (to be posted in early October, 2026) Form of certificate of (expected) graduation Inquiry Form for Admissions Office For School Teachers/Evaluators Evaluation Questions How to submit evaluations on the online application system (to be posted in early October, 2026) How to submit school documents Information sessions for prospective students Scholarship for UTokyo College of Design students Admission Contact FAQ Are there any requirements for choosing between Route A and Route B? Is eligibility affected by nationality? The route you choose depends on the examination results you would like to use in your application: Route A - is for people who wish to use the Japanese "Common Test for University Admissions" (大学入学共通テスト) Route B - is for people who wish to use other standardized tests and qualifications designated by the University of Tokyo (e.g. International Baccalaureate, International A-Levels, or other tests that are standard in your country) There are no nationality restrictions for either route. Please refer to the admissions outline for full details on the requirements for each route: Admissions For Route B applications, are there any specific subjects required for standardized tests? There are no specific subject requirements. You can find further details on acceptable standardized tests and expectations in the Academic Requirements: Standardized Tests and Qualifications section of the website. Admissions Overview I have graduated from high school some time ago. Can I apply? There are no restrictions as long as the applicant meets the eligibility and is able to submit required materials. I am currently studying at another university. Can I apply? Yes, you are welcome to apply. If you choose to join the UTokyo College of Design, you would need to withdraw from your current university. Are there any limitations on applying to other national universities and private universities in Japan, or other universities outside Japan? UTokyo College of Design does not restrict applicants from applying to other universities simultaneously. However, applicants are advised to check the policies of other universities regarding multiple applications. I would like to know the details of essay and video assignments. Please check the application guidelines which will be published in September 2026. I would like to know the details of the interviews at the second screening. Details will be notified to those who passed the first screening. Can I submit a portfolio? You can submit a portfolio as Supporting Evidence of Extra-Curricular Activities or Academic Achievements. Is there any requirement on the accepted file size and format? Accepted file size is 15MiB (approximately 15.7MB) per file and accepted formats are PDF, JPEG, and PNG. I attended a high school overseas. (e.g. exchange program) Do I have to submit the transcript from that school as well? You are required to submit the school transcripts of the final three consecutive years of high school. If your period of study overseas falls within those three years, you must also submit the transcript from the overseas school. I attend an international school in Japan. Can I apply? Applicants who will have obtained qualifications such as International A-Levels, or International Baccalaureate before enrollment, or who have graduated from educational institutions accredited by international evaluation bodies such as WASC, CIS, ACSI, NEASC, Cognia, or COBIS, as well as those from institutions officially recognized by MEXT can apply. Please check the Eligibility section in the Overview of the Admission. If you still have questions, contact us through the inquiry form . The University of Tokyo Instagram © The University of Tokyo Site policy Privacy policy