EN JP Contact About Admissions Program Student Life News Events FAQ EN JP About Admissions Program Student Life News Events FAQ Contact Admissions Admissions Overview Overview of the UTokyo College of Design (Scheduled to Launch in September 2027) Admissions for 2027 Enrollment July 11, 2025 Updated on November 28, 2025 Updated on March 26, 2026 Updated on July 10, 2026 The University of Tokyo 1. Ideal Candidate Profile 2. Number of Students to be Admitted 3. Eligibility 4. Requirements 5. Methods of Screening 6. Documents 7. Application Period 8. Second Screening 9. Admission Decisions 10. Inquiry Form for Admissions Office Designated English Proficiency Tests and Expected Scores at the Time of Application Academic Requirements: Standardized Tests and Qualifications *This project is currently under review by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) for approval, and may be subject to change. 1. Ideal Candidate Profile UTokyo College of Design will bring together academic knowledge from diverse fields, integrate it using design approaches, tackle complex social issues, and empower a new generation who can bring about a positive impact on the world. All courses are taught in English, and students will construct their own learning pathways following their own interests, unconstrained by and transcending conventional disciplines. In addition, students deepen their learning and practical experience in real-world contexts through long-term internships in Japan or overseas. In order to make such learning possible and enrich our learning community, UTokyo College of Design admits students from diverse backgrounds, both from Japan and across the world, who can demonstrate the following: Intelligence and learning ability Effective communication skills and English language proficiency Logical and creative thinking skills A sense of responsibility, social justice and inclusivity Ability to work independently and collaboratively 2. Number of Students to be Admitted 100 Students (Route A: 50 students, Route B: 50 students) 3. Eligibility Eligible applicants for UTokyo College of Design must have fulfilled at least one of the following educational requirements by August 31, 2027. The applicant must have completed 12 years or more formal education overseas and have fulfilled at least ONE of the following requirements: Completed a 12-year formal school (primary and secondary) education at a local school officially recognized by the regional or national education bureau in the school's region. Completed a 12-year formal school (primary and secondary) education at an international school officially recognized by the regional or national education bureau or by an international accreditation institution (WASC, CIS (ECIS), ACSI, NEASC, Cognia (NWAC, SACS CASI, NCA CASI), and COBIS). Obtained one of the following qualifications: International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) (awarded by the International Baccalaureate Organization) Abitur (designated by the Federal Republic of Germany) Baccalauréat (designated by the French Republic) General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (GCE A-level) (designated by the UK) International A-level (refer to the list of awarding authorities in Academic Requirements: Standardized Tests and Qualifications ) European Baccalaureate (designated by the European Schools) Completed an education system less than 12 years in length and a Japanese preparatory education course designated by the Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT). Note: MEXT approves some 11-year formal school education systems in specific countries as eligible for admission to universities in Japan. Approved 11-year education can be checked on the following page: https://www.mext.go.jp/en/policy/education/highered/title02/detail02/sdetail02/1395423.html Passed an official test that shows they possess the academic background equivalent or superior to that obtained from a 12-year school curriculum in the test region and be at least 18 years old on August 31, 2027. The applicant must have graduated from an upper secondary school or a secondary education school in Japan. The applicant must have completed 12 years of formal education in a Japanese school accredited by MEXT. The applicant must have been recognized as having academic ability equivalent to or higher than that of an upper secondary school in Japan and fulfill specific requirements. Note: For applicants who fulfill any of the educational requirements 2, 3 or 4 above, please check the Japanese version of the Admissions Overview for details. Applicants who do not fulfill the above requirements or are unsure whether or not they fulfill the eligibility requirements should contact the Admissions Office via the inquiry form below by September 25, 2026 at 5:00 PM Japan Standard Time (JST) . Depending on their situation, applicants may need to go through the additional Individual Admission Review Process before the application period. Only those who are 18 or older by August 31, 2027, can go through the Individual Admission Review Process. 4. Requirements ◆ Route A Applicants must take the subjects designated by the University of Tokyo in the Common Test for University Admissions (大学入学共通テスト) in January 2027. (See the Appendix (Japanese only) .) Applicants are expected to achieve a score of approximately 80% or higher to demonstrate sufficient academic knowledge for participating in academic activities after enrollment. ◆ Route B Applicants must fulfill one of the following requirements. Requirement 1 Complete one of the standardized tests designated by the University of Tokyo and submit results by the end of the application period. Requirement 2 Complete one qualification or test designated by the University of Tokyo and submit final or predicted scores/grades by the end of the application period. Notes: The list of accepted tests and qualifications, and the details of the requirements can be checked in "Academic Requirements: Standardized Tests and Qualifications" . Some other tests or qualifications may be accepted when the application guidelines are announced in September 2026. Standardized test/qualification results obtained within five years will be accepted. If five or more years have passed and applicants are unable to take and submit the results of any other designated tests/qualifications before the application deadlines, they should contact the Admissions Office via the inquiry form below by September 25, 2026, at 5:00 PM (JST) . (*Only for Requirement 2) Applicants who are unable to submit an official score or grade report by the application deadline due to extenuating circumstances (e.g., an exam scheduled after the deadline) must submit a certified predicted score/grade at the time of application. Any admissions offer will be conditional for application using predicted scores/grades. See "Academic Requirements: Standardized Tests and Qualifications - Predicted Scores and Grades (Requirement 2 Only)" for details. ◆ Route A and Route B Applicants must submit the result of one of the English proficiency tests designated by the University of Tokyo. Only scores from English proficiency tests that are taken on or after January 1, 2025, will be accepted. Details can be checked in "Designated English Proficiency Tests and Expected Scores at the Time of Application." Note for Route B: Applicants are exempt from submitting test results if they have received, or will receive, an English-medium education for at least three of the final four school years prior to obtaining their high school diploma or equivalent. "English-medium education" refers to a curriculum in which all courses, except for foreign language classes, are conducted in English. Bilingual education programs that use English alongside another language will not be considered as English-medium education. See "Designated English Proficiency Tests and Expected Scores at the Time of Application - Exemption from Submitting English Proficiency Test Results" for details. 5. Methods of Screening Applicants must select one of two application routes to apply to the UTokyo College of Design: either Route A or Route B. (Applicants are unable to apply through both routes in the same admission year.) Holistically reviewed admission process based on submitted documents, materials, and interviews (including evaluation of academic performance). Applicants are initially screened based on the submitted documents and materials (the First Screening). Applicants who are selected from the first screening proceed to the following Second Screening: Route A: In-person screening (conducted in English and Japanese) Route B: Online interview (conducted in English) Applicants for UTokyo College of Design September 2027 Enrollment can NOT apply to other programs at the University of Tokyo for April 2027 Enrollment. This includes all other undergraduate entrance examinations such as the general screening test, the school recommendation selection system admissions, and the special screening tests (class 1 or 2). 6. Documents Applicants must submit the following documents and materials using the online application system. Essays Applicants must submit essays in English. Video Assignment Applicants must submit a video assignment in English. The recording and submission should be completed through the application system. The video assignment must be submitted during the period below. The Admissions Office will notify applicants of the submission method. Video Assignment Submission: From November 13 at 12:00 PM to November 16 at 11:59 PM, 2026 (JST). Evaluation One evaluation must be submitted by a teacher or someone (e.g. school academic counselor or principal) at the applicant's high school or university who is in a position to fully evaluate the applicant's academic ability. Details regarding the content and submission method of the evaluation will be provided in the application guidelines. Applicants who do not currently attend school and have difficulty finding someone who can write their evaluation, must contact the Admissions Office via the inquiry form below by September 25th, 2026, at 5:00 PM (JST) . Official School Transcripts Route A The applicant's high school must submit an electronic study report (調査書/ chōsa-sho) in Japanese. If the school cannot issue an electronic study report (調査書/ chōsa-sho), applicants must submit an official school transcript and a certificate of graduation. In this case, applicants must contact the Admissions Office via the inquiry form below by September 25th, 2026, at 5:00 PM (JST) . Route B Applicants must submit school-certified electronic transcript(s). Standardized Tests/Qualifications Results Route A Applicants must submit a voucher （成績請求チケット）for the results of the Common Test for University Admissions（大学入学共通テスト）. Please check the Japanese version of the Admissions Overview for details. The Admissions Office will send submission instructions to applicants in mid-December 2026. Route B Applicants must submit final or predicted scores/grades of one of the standardized tests or qualifications designated by the University of Tokyo. English Proficiency Test Scores Applicants must submit the result of one of the English proficiency tests designated by the University of Tokyo. Certificate of (Expected) Graduation (*Only for Route B) Applicants must submit a high-school graduation certificate or a certificate of expected graduation (with graduation to have been achieved by August 31, 2027). If applicable, submit a diploma verifying the completion of a high school curriculum (e.g., International Baccalaureate, Abitur, Baccalaureate). If applicants cannot obtain a certificate of (expected) graduation, they must contact the Admissions Office via the inquiry form below by September 25, 2026, at 5:00 PM (JST) . Supporting Evidence of Extra-Curricular Activities or Academic Achievements Applicants must submit three separate written descriptions (max 100 words each) of extra-curricular activities or academic achievements that provide additional information about who they are and their interests and values. Activities and achievements can be chosen freely by the applicant. These may include club activities, hobbies, outstanding academic work, volunteering, community work, awards, certificates, research activities, creative work, exhibitions, competitions, employment, media coverage, or other records of relevant experience and achievement. Each of the three descriptions must be supported by a corresponding piece of evidence. School Profiles (if available) If available, applicants should provide the school's website URL or upload publicity materials of school(s), such as school brochures, which they have attended in the last three years of secondary education. Notes: If any of the required documents cannot be submitted in English, the applicant must obtain a translation of each document and submit it along with the original. If translations are submitted, the translator's affiliation and title should be clearly indicated. (*Only for Route A) Documents that are not written by the applicant (e.g., evaluation, official school transcripts, supporting evidence of extra-curricular activities or academic achievements and school profiles) can be in Japanese. Translations should be provided by teachers/administrators of the applicant's school or by official agencies. They may not be prepared by the applicant. 7. Application Period From October 15 at 9:00 AM to November 5 at 5:00 PM, 2026 (JST) Only applications submitted within this period will be accepted. 8. Second Screening ◆ Route A Applicants must attend a full-day in-person screening, which includes an interview, at the Komaba campus of the University of Tokyo. Each applicant will be assigned to one of the following two dates: February 15 or February 16, 2027 ◆ Route B Applicants will be given an individual online interview of approximately 30 minutes. Each applicant will be assigned one date within the following period: January 13 to January 22, 2027 9. Admission Decisions ◆ First Screening Results Route A: February 10, 2027 Route B: December 22, 2026 ◆ Admission Decision Route A and Route B (including conditional offers): February 20, 2027 10. Inquiry Form for Admissions Office The University of Tokyo - College of Design Application Inquiry Form Designated English Proficiency Tests and Expected Scores at the Time of Application Applicants must submit the result of one of the English proficiency tests designated by the University of Tokyo by the end of the application period. TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) iBT® test, including Home Edition Greater than 80 (tests taken before January 21, 2026) Greater than 4 (tests taken on and after January 21, 2026) IELTS (International English Language Test System) Academic Module, including IELTS online Greater than 6.0 Cambridge English Qualifications (both paper-based and digital) (B2 First, C1 Advanced, or C2 Proficiency) Greater than 169 Duolingo English Test Greater than 110 EIKEN Test in Practical English Proficiency (Grade Pre-1 or Grade 1) Greater than 2,400 Note: Only scores from English proficiency tests that are taken on and after January 1, 2025 , will be accepted. Expected scores are not cut-off scores. Applicants should demonstrate the listed level of English proficiency at the time of application, but admission decisions will be made holistically considering other parts of their application as well. Accepted students are encouraged to attain a higher level of English language ability by the time of enrollment. Opportunities to improve English proficiency will be provided prior to enrollment. Exemption from Submitting English Proficiency Test Results (Route B Only) Applicants who apply through Route B may choose not to submit English proficiency test results if they have received, or will receive, an English-medium education for at least three of the final four school years prior to obtaining their high school diploma or equivalent. Note: "English-medium education" refers to a curriculum in which all courses, except for foreign language classes, are conducted in English. Bilingual education programs that use English alongside another language will not be considered as English-medium education. If they are not sure whether or not their education background will fulfill the above condition, they must contact the Admissions Office by September 25, 2026 at 5:00 PM (JST) . Academic Requirements: Standardized Tests and Qualifications Accepted Tests for Requirement 1 Complete one of the standardized tests designated by the University of Tokyo and submit results by the end of the application period. Designated Standardized Tests and Expectations Name Expectations Notes SAT An ERW-M test score or a digital SAT RW-M test score of 1480 or above. We do not accept Superscore. Applicants are advised to submit their AP scores, if available. ACT An ACT composite score of 33 or above. We do not accept Superscore. Applicants are advised to submit their AP scores, if available. *Other tests, such as EJU, will not be accepted. Accepted Qualifications or Tests for Requirement 2: Complete one qualification or test designated by the University of Tokyo and submit final or predicted scores/grades by the end of the application period. Designated Qualifications and Expectations: Applicants must submit documents which verify official grades for all subjects. Refer to the notes written for each qualification. Name Expectations Notes International Baccalaureate (IB) A total of 38 points out of 42 for the six subjects and at least 2 points for combined TOK and EE. Diploma and individual subject scores including combined TOK and EE must be submitted. International A-Level At least three grades of A or above at A level. Must be offered by Cambridge International Examinations, Oxford International AQA Examinations, Pearson Edexcel, or Learning Resource Network. European Baccalaureate An average overall mark of 87% or above. Designated Country-Specific Tests/Qualifications and Expectations: Applicants interested in using one of the country-specific tests or qualifications listed below are strongly encouraged to contact the Admissions Office by September 25, 2026, at 5:00 PM (JST) . Applicants must submit documents which verify official grades for all subjects. Refer to the notes written for each test/qualification. Country/Region and Name Expectations Notes Australia: ACT (Australian Capital Territory) Year 12 Certificate HSC (New South Wales Higher School Certificate) NTCET (Northern Territory Certificate of Education and Training) QCE (Queensland Certificate of Education) SACE (South Australian Certificate of Education) TCE (Tasmanian Certificate of Education) WACE (Western Australian Certificate of Education) VCE (Victorian Certificate of Education) An ATAR of 98 or above. ATAR or equivalent positioning information is required. Canada: Any Provincial Secondary School Diplomas The average of the scores of the best five subjects should be 90% or above. No Individual score out of the five should be lower than 85%. At least five Grade 12 courses or CEGEP courses must be taken. Actual or predicted scores of Grade 12 or CEGEP are required. Finland: Ylioppilastutkintotodistus/ Studentexamensbetyg At least four subjects scores should be 6 (eximia cum laude approbatur) or above and at least one subject score should be a 7 (laudatur). France: Baccalaureate An overall/average score of at least 16 out of 20. Germany: Abitur A total mark of 1.4 or better. Hong Kong: Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) Within the four Core Subjects, only one subject score of 4 is allowed, and no subject score of less than 4. India: Class XII Examinations (CBSE) An average score of the top five subjects of Grade 12 is 93 or above. Also supply the final results of Class X examination and Class XI school results. Class XII Examinations (CISCE, NIOS and State Examination Boards) An average score of the top five subjects of Grade 12 is 94 or above. Also supply the final results of Class X examination and Class XI school results. Applicants taking State Examination Boards are recommended to take an English Proficiency Test. Malaysia: Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) The best four subjects should be at grade A- or higher on average (for example, if one subject is at B+, a grade at A is also required). Supply the results of SPM and STPM Trial Exam. Unified Examination Certificate (UEC) The best five subjects should be at grade A2 or higher on average (for example, if one subject is at B3, a grade at A1 is also required). Netherlands: Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs (VWO) An overall grade of at least 8. The three best subject grades should be 9, 8, 8 or above. New Zealand: National Certificates of Educational Achievements (NCEA) In three of the subject areas at level 3, Excellence should be achieved in 75% of the subjects. The overall NCEA Level 3 certificate should be endorsed with Excellence. At least four subject areas must be taken at level 3. Poland: Polish Matura/ Swiadectwo Dojrzalosci At least three subjects at Extended Level with subject stanine scores of 8 (percentile 89) or above. Republic of Korea: College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) The stanine from compulsory subjects should be 5 or better. The stanine from elective subjects should be 3 or better. Singapore: Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level Examination The best three H2 subjects should be AAB or above. Also supply the results of Ordinary Level. NUS High School Diploma The average CAP score should be 4.3 or above. At least three Major subjects must be taken. United Kingdom: GCE A-Level At least three grades of A or above at A level. Predicted Scores and Grades (Requirement 2 Only) Applicants who are unable to submit an official score or grade report by the application deadline due to extenuating circumstances (e.g., an exam scheduled after the deadline) must submit a certified predicted score/grade at the time of application. In the case of application using predicted scores/grades, any admission offer will be conditional . Applicants must consult their school or examination board to determine whether official predicted scores/grades can be issued by the end of the application period. If such documentation cannot be provided on time, applicants must use another test/qualification which they can provide final results by the application deadline. If final scores/grades are issued after admission decisions are announced: Conditional offers will be issued when admission results are announced on February 20, 2027. Applicants must submit their final scores/grades promptly once available. The final admission decision will be made only after reviewing all submitted documents and the applicant's performance during screening. The deadline to submit final scores/grades is August 16, 2027. Note: Please note that testing specifications and qualification criteria may change without prior notice. Expectations are not cut off scores/grades. Applicants should demonstrate the listed level of academic ability at the time of application, but admission decisions will be made holistically considering other parts of their application as well. The University of Tokyo Instagram © The University of Tokyo Site policy Privacy policy × Application Period for 2027 Enrollment October 15, 2026, 9:00 AM - November 5, 2026, 5:00 PM (JST) Learn more