About Admissions Academics Student Life FAQ Contact Message Introduction Download Transfer Program Eligibility Schedule Apply Enrollment Cost & Aid Domestic Program Apply Curriculum Academic Calendar List of Instructors Life in Tokyo Visa Hongo Campus Student Voices FAQ Contact >> Admissions >> Transfer Program - Eligibility Eligibility Prospective students who wish to apply to GSC Undergraduate Transfer Program must fulfill the criteria listed below. The GSC Faculty Committee will evaluate each applicant individually to determine eligibility only after the application is officially submitted online. Education Abroad Prospective students must have received a minimum of 6 years of secondary (junior and senior high school) and a minimum of 2 years of post-secondary (university) education outside of Japan. Post-Secondary Education Prospective students must be a full-time university student who has successfully completed or will be completing their first two years of undergraduate studies at an accredited higher educational institution before enrolling into GSC. Science Background Prospective students must have completed basic undergraduate-level classes in Chemistry and at least 2 of the following subjects before applying to GSC: Mathematics, Physics, or Biology. Credit Eligibility Prospective students must have gained a minimum of 62 credits corresponding to the UTokyo credit system before applying to GSC. (Reference: 2 credits consist of 13 weeks of 105-min lectures at UTokyo) *If the certificate of credits earned for the first or second semester of the second year cannot be submitted by the deadline, resubmission may be permitted by mid-May. English Language Prospective students must have a good command of the English language as all classes and lab sessions are conducted in English. Applicants who do not fulfill either criteria i. or ii. must submit one of the following English proficiency test scores. English is your native/first language. English was the language of instruction at your secondary and post-secondary schools for last 8 years. English Proficiency Test Minimum Score Details TOEFL iBT 80 Institution code: 6298 Institution name: University of Tokyo Global Science Course (MyBest scores are not accepted) TOEFL PBT 550 IELTS Academic 6.5 Global Science Course School of Science The University of Tokyo 7-3-1 Hongo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0033 JAPAN The score must be less than two years old at the time you submit your application. The score must be sent to the GSC Administration Office directly from the testing institution and must be received by us before the application deadline. © 2026 Global Science Course