Skip to content Admission international students Candidates from EU countries Bachelor Studies Master degree Preparatory year Candidates from other countries Bachelor Studies (EN/FR) Master degree (EN/FR) Preparatory Year of Romanian Language (EN/FR) Refund of tuition fee for self-sponsored non-EU candidates Romanian Government Scholarship (EN/FR) Steps to follow after receiving the Letter of Acceptance (EN/FR) Freshmen's Guide (EN/FR) On-campus Accommodation (EN/FR) Doctoral studies Candidates of Romanian Ethnic Origin Recognition of Studies - Romanian Citizens Bachelor Studies Master degree Practical information International agent list/official representatives Erasmus+ Incoming students Mobility Information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania Inclusion and diversity Outgoing study mobilities Procesul de selecție pentru mobilități de studiu Demersuri înainte de începerea mobilității de studiu Demersuri în timpul mobilității de studiu Demersuri la întoarcerea din mobilitate de studiu Formulare necesare pentru mobilitatea de studii Incluziune și diversitate Outgoing placement mobilities Procesul de selecție pentru mobilități de plasament Demersuri înainte de începerea mobilității de plasament Demersuri în timpul mobilității de plasament Demersuri la întoarcerea din mobilitate de plasament Formulare necesare pentru mobilitatea de plasament Incluziune și diversitate Outgoing short-term mobilities Blended Intensive Programs (BIP) Short Intensive Programs (SIP) Short Mobility for Ph.D. students Outgoing teaching and staff training mobilities Procesul de selecție Finanțarea mobilităților Organizarea mobilității Incoming teaching and staff training mobilities Mobility information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania UBB organized BIPs Other Erasmus+ projects Achievements Erasmus+ Partners Policy statement and Erasmus+ Charter EEA Grants Incoming students Mobility Information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania Outgoing students Procesul de selecție pentru mobilități SEE Demersuri înainte de începerea mobilității SEE Demersuri în timpul mobilității SEE Demersuri la întoarcerea din mobilitate SEE Outgoing Teaching and Staff training mobilities Procesul de selecție Finanțarea mobilităților Organizarea Mobilităților Incoming Teaching and Staff training mobilities Mobility Information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania Other EEA projects Partners Incoming Exchanges Interuniversity Agreements Incoming The Eugen Ionescu scholarship program Makovecz Scholarship Program for Students Incoming Self-sponsored internships/work placements and research internships Swiss European Mobility Program (SEMP) Free Mover Students CEEPUS Incoming Legal Procedures for Visiting Professors and Foreign Lecturers Outgoing Exchanges Interuniversity Agreements Outgoing Makovecz Scholarship Program for Students Outgoing Swiss European Mobility Program (SEMP) CEEPUS Outgoing International Cooperation Partners Affiliations Cultural centres Double Degree/ Joint Degree Programs EUTOPIA The Guild UNHCR Internationalisation Strategy 2025-2029 Search Search for: Search Centrul de Cooperări Internaționale Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Admission international students Candidates from EU countries Bachelor Studies Master degree Preparatory year Candidates from other countries Bachelor Studies (EN/FR) Master degree (EN/FR) Preparatory Year of Romanian Language (EN/FR) Refund of tuition fee for self-sponsored non-EU candidates Romanian Government Scholarship (EN/FR) Steps to follow after receiving the Letter of Acceptance (EN/FR) Freshmen's Guide (EN/FR) On-campus Accommodation (EN/FR) Doctoral studies Candidates of Romanian Ethnic Origin Recognition of Studies - Romanian Citizens Bachelor Studies Master degree Practical information International agent list/official representatives Erasmus+ Incoming students Mobility Information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania Inclusion and diversity Outgoing study mobilities Procesul de selecție pentru mobilități de studiu Demersuri înainte de începerea mobilității de studiu Demersuri în timpul mobilității de studiu Demersuri la întoarcerea din mobilitate de studiu Formulare necesare pentru mobilitatea de studii Incluziune și diversitate Outgoing placement mobilities Procesul de selecție pentru mobilități de plasament Demersuri înainte de începerea mobilității de plasament Demersuri în timpul mobilității de plasament Demersuri la întoarcerea din mobilitate de plasament Formulare necesare pentru mobilitatea de plasament Incluziune și diversitate Outgoing short-term mobilities Blended Intensive Programs (BIP) Short Intensive Programs (SIP) Short Mobility for Ph.D. students Outgoing teaching and staff training mobilities Procesul de selecție Finanțarea mobilităților Organizarea mobilității Incoming teaching and staff training mobilities Mobility information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania UBB organized BIPs Other Erasmus+ projects Achievements Erasmus+ Partners Policy statement and Erasmus+ Charter EEA Grants Incoming students Mobility Information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania Outgoing students Procesul de selecție pentru mobilități SEE Demersuri înainte de începerea mobilității SEE Demersuri în timpul mobilității SEE Demersuri la întoarcerea din mobilitate SEE Outgoing Teaching and Staff training mobilities Procesul de selecție Finanțarea mobilităților Organizarea Mobilităților Incoming Teaching and Staff training mobilities Mobility Information Welcome to Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai Welcome to Cluj-Napoca Welcome to Romania Other EEA projects Partners Incoming Exchanges Interuniversity Agreements Incoming The Eugen Ionescu scholarship program Makovecz Scholarship Program for Students Incoming Self-sponsored internships/work placements and research internships Swiss European Mobility Program (SEMP) Free Mover Students CEEPUS Incoming Legal Procedures for Visiting Professors and Foreign Lecturers Outgoing Exchanges Interuniversity Agreements Outgoing Makovecz Scholarship Program for Students Outgoing Swiss European Mobility Program (SEMP) CEEPUS Outgoing International Cooperation Partners Affiliations Cultural centres Double Degree/ Joint Degree Programs EUTOPIA The Guild UNHCR Internationalisation Strategy 2025-2029 Search Search for: Search Cerere Dispozitia Rectorului Schedule a meeting Help Home Admission international students Candidates from other countries Bachelor Studies (EN/FR) Bachelor Studies (EN/FR) Please read the information available in: ENGLISH All candidates will apply ONLINE , through the online admission platform for international students. To access the platform please follow the link: admission.cci.ubbcluj.ro Registration calendar Registration period: April 1 st 2026 - July 31 st 202 6 Early registration is recommended in order to: make sure you can apply for the chosen program (the places are limited for each specialization) get an early response from the Ministry of Education and Embassy start school on the official date of opening and increase your chances of passing the exams have access to on-campus accommodation (the places are limited) Academic Offer The specialization seats have been allocated in such a way that the university ensures equal opportunities for all countries; therefore, the number of seats per country is limited. Seats are assigned on a first-come, first-served basis, provided that the candidate meets all eligibility criteria and is admitted to the chosen specialization. Seats may become available if a candidate is rejected by the university, the Ministry of Education, or the Embassy, or if they withdraw or fail to pay the tuition fee. To check the availability of a specialization, candidates are advised to regularly monitor the admission platform by attempting to select the desired specialization in the application form. Academic Offer for International Students Bachelor's Level 2026-2027 Academic Year Programmes fully taught in English Mathematics for Computer Science (Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, 6 semesters, 7000 eur/year) Programme description : Our programme equips students with essential skills in mathematical structures and software development. It fosters continuous learning, applying the latest scientific advances in Mathematics and Computer Science, and using computational tools to solve mathematical problems across various fields. Perspectives offered by the programme : The bachelor programme in Mathematics Computer Science provides the students with the appropriate knowledge for their professional activity in education, IT, industry and finance. Subjects studied within the programme Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.cs.ubbcluj.ro/invatamant/programe-academice/licenta/matematica-informatica/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. Prof. PhD. Marcel-Adrian Şerban, marcel.serban@ubbcluj.ro Environmental Engineering (Faculty of Environmental Science and Engineering, 8 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description : The Environmental Engineering program trains specialists to reduce pollution, improve water, air, and soil quality, and protect the environment. It combines interdisciplinary knowledge, practical skills and research. Graduates can perform audits, risk analyses, and develop remediation strategies. Perspectives offered by the programme : Environmental engineers can work as environmental protection or system engineers for depollution processes, risk analysts, Environmental Management System auditors, or middle school teachers. Subjects studied within the programme : Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/ingineria-mediului/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Conf. dr. Nicolae Ajtai, nicolae.ajtai@ubbcluj.ro Security Studies (Faculty of History and Philosophy, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: The program aims to professionalize security studies within the Romanian university community by training qualified personnel capable of managing the security challenges faced by today's society. Perspectives offered by the programme: After graduation, you will be able to pursue a career in structures belonging to public institutions, international institutions and organizations, private companies, academia, the media, etc. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://hiphi.ubbcluj.ro/Public/File/planuri/2024/licenta/securitate_eng_2024_FINAL_cm.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details : Conf. dr. Claudiu Marian, claudiu.marian@ubbcluj.ro Finances and Banking (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The Finance and Banking program is designed for young students aspiring to understand the complexity of the financial world and to pursue a profession in investments, banking, or business finance. Perspectives offered by the programme: The financial, banking, and insurance sector offers countless hiring opportunities, and the skills acquired within our study program qualify its graduates and potential specialists in the field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Associate Professor, Angela-Maria FILIP, PhD - angela.filip@econ.ubbcluj.ro Management (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: On completion of this programme, graduates will be able both to enter a higher cycle of studies and/or to pursue successful careers in organisations. Perspectives offered by the programme: On completion of this programme, graduates will be able both to enter a higher cycle of studies and/or to pursue successful careers in organisations. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Irina SALANȚĂ, PhD, associate professor - irina.salanta@econ.ubbcluj.ro Accounting and Management Information Systems (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The program aims to prepare specialists with higher education in accounting and management information systems. Both the curriculum and the syllabus are designed to develop students' entrepreneurial spirit and facilitate their integration into the business environment after graduation. Perspectives offered by the programme: Upon completion of this program, students will be prepared for a variety of positions, including leadership roles, in private and listed companies. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. prof. Cristina ŞTEFĂNESCU, PhD - cristina.palfi@econ.ubbcluj.ro International Business and Economics (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The main objectives of the program are to prepare specialists for the economy of the future, and to develop general and professional competences needed for the international labor market, in both emerging and developed economies, for private and public sectors. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates' acquired skills and abilities allow them to pursue successful international careers, as well as to continue their studies within a master program. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. prof. Octavian JULA, PhD - octavian.jula@econ.ubbcluj.ro International Relations and European Studies (Faculty of European Studies, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: A BA devoted to international relations, European integration, communication, economics & law. Internships with over 30 public/private partners. A multicultural setting, projects, Erasmus mobilities, conferences & study visits. Practical skills (project management, negotiations, critical thinking). Perspectives offered by the programme: 17 years of experience building careers in EU institutions, multinationals, NGOs, public administration and consultancy. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_RISE_EN_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Laura-Maria HERȚA, laura.herta@ubbcluj.ro Business Administration (Faculty of Business, 6 semesters, 5000 eur/year) Programme description: The students learn the fundamentals of marketing, management, economics, finance, and accounting to understand how a company operates. Since Cluj-Napoca is Romania's entrepreneurial capital, our educational offer is tailored to the needs of students who aspire to start their own businesses. Perspectives offered by the programme: With the knowledge acquired and the experience gained, graduates can pursue various roles, such as:Entrepreneur, Human Resources Officer, Marketing Specialist, Logistics Specialist, Financial Analyst. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific Research Methodology. Ethics and academic integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Business Information Systems Foreign Language II Elective I 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research International Financial Markets Managerial Accounting Human Resources Management Internship - Business Administration Business Foreign Language I Elective II 5th Semester (Fall) Operations Management Business Negotiations Insurance and Reinsurance Financial Control and Audit Financial Forecast and Analysis Techniques Business Foreign Language II Elective III 6th Semester (Spring) Economic and Financial Analysis Customer Relationship Management Entrepreneurship E-business Bachelor thesis/paper writing Elective IV Elective V More information: https://tbs.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/business-administration-bachelor/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Assoc. Prof. Ioan-Alin NISTOR, ioan.nistor@ubbcluj.ro Business Administration in Hospitality Services (Faculty of Business, 6 semesters, 5000 eur/year) Programme description: This program is interactive, using teaching methods that enhance student creativity. It is continually updated and strongly oriented according to the practical requirements of hospitality business and to the existing international educational trends. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can start their own business or work as travel agents, or representatives for travel companies. They can also hold management positions in restaurants, accommodation units, cruise lines. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific research methodology. Academic ethics and integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Hospitality information systems Management of Hospitality Services Foreign Language II 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research Entrepreneurship in Tourism and Hospitality Industry Human Resources Management Destination Marketing Business Administration in Hospitality Industry Elective I Business in Foreign Language I 5th Semester (Fall) Economics of Hospitality and Tourism Services Travel agency management Hotel Facilities and Properties Leisure and recreation Elective II Elective III Business in Foreign Language II 6th Semester (Spring) Hospitality business budgeting Microfinance of Hospitality Services Customer Relationship Management Bachelor Thesis Preparation Elective IV Elective V Elective VI More information: https://tbs.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/business-administration-in-hospitality-services/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. Prof. Cristina FLEŞERIU, cristina.fleseriu@ubbcluj.ro Political Sciences (Faculty of Political, Administrative and Communication Sciences, 6 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The School of Political Science aims to cultivate values oriented towards community involvement, leadership skills, to provide students with the practical skills necessary to get involved in public and political life in Romania and to ensure a solid theoretical training. Perspectives offered by the programme: Political institutions and organizations, international organizations, companies, media, non-governmental organizations, universities and research institutes. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://fspac.international/, https://stiintepolitice.fspac.ubbcluj.ro/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. dr. Cosmin Marian, marian@fspac.ro Journalism (Faculty of Political, Administrative and Communication Sciences, 6 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: Taught in four languages - Romanian, Hungarian, German and English - the program, designed in the multicultural Transylvanian context, focuses on international media and delivers key competences in news writing, photojournalism, broadcast journalism and online media. Perspectives offered by the programme: Televison, Print and Online News, Radio, Photography, Investigation, Media relations specialists Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://fspac.international/, https://journalism.fspac.ubbcluj.ro/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Cristina Nistor-Beuran, cristina.nistor@fspac.ro Public Health Services and Policies (Faculty of Political, Administrative and Communication Sciences, 6 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: A rigorously structured academic curriculum which acquaints students with the Public Health field, starting with the basic knowledge and offering along the way the possibility of a deeper understanding on specific areas of interest. Perspectives offered by the programme: Health Policy and Management, Health Administration Community and Behavioral Health, Epidemiology, Biostatistics, Occupational and Environmental Health Health Promotion. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://fspac.international/ ; https://publichealth.ro/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Associate Professor Marius I. Ungureanu, marius.ungureanu@publichealth.ro Psychology - Cognitive Sciences (Faculty of Psychology and Educational Sciences, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: The undergraduate program aims to train specialists through solid integration psychology, neuroscience, linguistics, and computer science to develop both theoretical knowledge and practical skills. Perspectives offered by the programme: The program develops core psychology skills, preparing graduates for roles like psychologist or health psychologist emphasizing research, critical thinking, and interdisciplinary studies. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://psiedu.ubbcluj.ro/01-psihologie-engleza Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. dr. Oana Benga, oana.benga@ubbcluj.ro Programs fully taught in Romanian: Physics (Faculty of Physics, 6 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: This programme focuses on developing a solid understanding of the fundamental laws and principles of physics and their application in various scientific and practical contexts. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of this programme can pursue careers in education, working as physics teachers or science educators in schools and educational institutions. They can also work in research environments, assisting in scientific investigations or continuing their studies in advanced physics or related fields. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://phys.ubbcluj.ro/invatamant/planinv/202529/fiz_ro.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details : secretariat.phys@ubbcluj.ro Engineering Physics (Faculty of Physics, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://phys-ubbcluj-ro.translate.goog/invatamant/licenta_ro.htm?_x_tr_sl=ro&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=en-US&_x_tr_pto=wapp Chemistry (Faculty of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, 6 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: Students acquire knowledge in analytical, inorganic, organic and physical chemistry, and in biochemistry, organometallic/coordination and materials chemistry as well as practical skills in synthesis, analysis, spectroscopy. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates are employment perspectives in quality control, health, food, environment fields but also in education and research, also can work as a teacher of chemistry. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20Chimie%20lr_2024-2027.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Gabriela Nemeș, gabriela.nemes@ubbcluj.ro Engineering and Information Technology of Chemical and Biochemical Processes (Faculty of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The specialization provides students with a comprehensive education in process engineering. The program aligns with industry demands, preparing graduates for roles such as chemical engineer, process engineer, quality responsible, designer, consultant, and inspector. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduate of the specialization can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design in industrial companies, but also in every company running activities that involve chemical processes Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20IIPCB_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Arpad Imre, arpad.imre@ubbcluj.ro Biochemical Engineering (Faculty of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The program is an inter- and transdisciplinary field integrating knowledge of Chemistry, Biology, and Chemical Engineering, the students acquiring theoretical and practical skills for the synthesis of drugs, food, other products Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduate of the specialization can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design of chemical and biochemical plants (fermentative, enzymatic) in industrial companies Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20IB_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Dr. Habil. Ing. Monica Toşa, monica.tosa@ubbcluj.ro Food Chemistry and Biochemical Technologies (Faculty of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The objective of this bachelor's level program is to train chemical engineers capable of solving specific problems in the food industry, both in production units and in quality control laboratories or in companies that sell equipment and products necessary for this industry. Perspectives offered by the programme: Perspective: The graduate of the specialization can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design of chemical installations in industrial companies; food quality control laboratories. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20CATB_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Dr. habil. ing. Luminița-Camelia David, luminita.david@ubbcluj.ro Chemistry and Engineering of Organic Substances, Petrochemistry and Carbochemisty (Faculty of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The graduates have basic training in the field of synthetic organic (medicines, dyes, pesticides, cosmetics, petroleum products) and openness to related fields such as analytical equipment, biotechnologies, plant design. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduate can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design of chemical installations in industrial companies, particularly those in organic chemistry, cosmetics industry. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20CISOPC%20lr_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. Dr. ing. Castelia Cristea, castelia.cristea@ubbcluj.ro Environmental Science (Faculty of Environmental Science And Engineering, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: This interdisciplinary program develops skills in environmental analysis, assessment, and management. Students learn to evaluate air, water, soil, and biodiversity while designing conservation and sustainability strategies. Practical training includes fieldwork, internships, and research projects. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates excel in consultancy, management, research, and conservation. Career paths include environmental analyst, ecologist, manager, auditor, or even mid-school teacher (with a pedagogical module). Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/stiinta-mediului-linia-romana/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf.dr. Liviu MUNTEAN, octavian.muntean@ubbcluj.ro Environmental Management and Audit (Faculty of Environmental Science and Engineering, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: This program merges foundational Environmental Science with specialized management and auditing expertise. Students master planning, implementing, and improving QHSE systems. Through labs, fieldwork, internships, and real-world projects, graduates gain practical skills for a competitive job market. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates excel in Quality-Health-Safety-Environment (QHSE) management systems, consultancy, and auditing. Career paths include environmental specialist, auditor, manager, or even mid-school teacher. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/management-si-audit-de-mediu/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Vlad MĂCICĂȘAN, vlad.macicasan@ubbcluj.ro Environmental Engineering (Faculty of Environmental Science and Engineering, 8 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: The Environmental Engineering program trains specialists to reduce pollution, improve water, air, and soil quality, and protect the environment. It combines interdisciplinary knowledge, practical skills and research. Graduates can perform audits, risk analyses, and develop remediation strategies. Perspectives offered by the programme: Environmental engineers can work as environmental protection or system engineers for depollution processes, risk analysts, Environmental Management System auditors, or middle school teachers. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/ingineria-mediului/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr.Zoltan TOROK , zoltan.torok@ubbcluj.ro Finances and Banking (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The Finance and Banking program is designed for young students aspiring to understand the complexity of the financial world and to pursue a profession in investments, banking, or business finance. Perspectives offered by the programme: The financial, banking, and insurance sector offers countless hiring opportunities, and the skills acquired within our study program qualify its graduates and potential specialists in the field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Associate Professor, Angela-Maria FILIP, PhD - angela.filip@econ.ubbcluj.ro Economics of Trade, Tourism and Services (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: Besides core training pertaining to the main domains of economics, the programme equips students with the most recent theoretical and practical knowledge in the fields of commerce, tourism and services. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates of the program will be prepared to perform roles in any branch of the service sector, in the tourism industry and in commerce. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Ovidiu MOISESCU, PhD ovidiu.moisescu@econ.ubbcluj.ro Agri-Food and Environment Economics (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The main aim of the study programme in Agri-Food and Environment Economics is the theoretical, but mostly practical training of economists able to tackle the opportunities and challenges of agribusiness and environmental security, a key domain of economic development. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates of study program will be able to hold positions as economists, quality specialists, or food safety auditors in national or multinational companies. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Assoc. prof. Vincențiu Andrei VEREȘ, PhD - vincentiu.veres@econ.ubbcluj.ro Marketing (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The programme aims to train graduates able to organize the marketing activity in companies and organisations from various fields, to design and implement an appropriate marketing mix, to develop and implement marketing strategies and instruments adapted to the online medium as well. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of the program will be prepared to build a successful career in any company or organization, possessing the knowledge and skills necessary for positions in the marketing or sales department. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Assoc. prof. Mihai-Florin BĂCILĂ, PHD - mihai.bacila@econ.ubbcluj.ro Statistics and Economic Forecasting (Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, 6 semesters, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The study programme aims to train students in domains that focus on the analysis of economic and social phenomena and their forecast. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can hold jobs as data analysts, can work in analysis departments in banks and insurance companies, and target positions in the medical field and public institutions. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Anuța BUIGA, PhD - anuta.buiga@econ.ubbcluj.ro International Relations and European Studies (Faculty of European Studies, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: A BA devoted to international relations, European integration, communication, economics & law. Internships with over 30 public/private partners. A multicultural setting, projects, Erasmus mobilities, conferences & study visits. Practical skills (project management, negotiations, critical thinking). Perspectives offered by the programme: 30 years of experience building careers in EU institutions, multinationals, NGOs, public administration and consultancy. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_RISE_RO_2024_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Antoanela-Paula MUREȘAN, paula.muresan@ubbcluj.ro Business Diplomacy (Faculty of European Studies, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: The only undergraduate Business Diplomacy programme in Romania. From social & negotiation skills to civic & organizational behaviour. Students become familiar with models of best practice and acquire abilities matching the requirements of negotiation/protocol and etiquette in Business Diplomacy. Perspectives offered by the programme: Learn how to mediate conflicts so as to streamline business negotiation processes, develop international / cross-sector partnerships with entities in the economic and social environment. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_DA_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Cosmin MATIŞ, cosmin.matis@ubbcluj.ro Management (Faculty of European Studies, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: A BA in Management, based on economics, applied to practical cases within a European frame. Interactive teaching geared towards the development of critical thinking, individual initiative & teamwork. Access to internships with public & private partners, Erasmus mobilities and a wide range of events. Perspectives offered by the programme: Building on a quarter century of experience, with a network of alumni in the private sector (middle and top management of companies of all sizes) and public administration (from local to EU level). Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_Management_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Radu NECHITA, radu.nechita@ubbcluj.ro European Administration (Faculty of European Studies, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programme description: A three-year BA that provides knowledge and skills in areas such as public policy, public relations and public organizations. During the courses, students learn about national and European policies and programmes, democratic values and legislative milestones at EU level and beyond. Perspectives offered by the programme: EU institutions and international organizations, central and local public institutions, multinational or regional development organizations, education and research. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_AE_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details : Lect. dr. Dorin Dobra, dorin.dobra@ubbcluj.ro Business Administration (Faculty of Business, 6 semesters, 5000 eur/year) Programme description: The students learn the fundamentals of marketing, management, economics, finance, and accounting, to understand how a company operates. Since Cluj-Napoca is the entrepreneurial capital of Romania, our educational offer is tailored to the needs of students who want to start their own business. Perspectives offered by the programme: With the knowledge acquired and the experience gained, graduates can pursue various roles, such as:Entrepreneur, Human Resources Officer, Marketing Specialist, Logistics Specialist, Financial Analyst. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific Research Methodology. Ethics and academic integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Business Information Systems Foreign Language II Elective I 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research International Financial Markets Managerial Accounting Human Resources Management Internship - Business Administration Business Foreign Language I Elective II 5th Semester (Fall) Operations Management Business Negotiations Insurance and Reinsurance Financial Control and Audit Financial Forecast and Analysis Techniques Business Foreign Language II Elective III 6th Semester (Spring) Economic and Financial Analysis Customer Relationship Management Entrepreneurship E-business Bachelor thesis/paper writing Elective IV Elective V Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Ramona-Paula RĂCHIŞAN, ramona.rachisan@ubbcluj.ro Business Administration in Hospitality Services (Faculty of Business, 6 semesters, 5000 eur/year) Programme description: This program is interactive, using teaching methods that enhance student creativity. It is continually updated and strongly oriented according to the practical requirements of hospitality business and to the existing international educational trends. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can start their own business or work as travel agents, or representatives for travel companies. They can also hold management positions in restaurants, accommodation units, cruise lines. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific research methodology. Academic ethics and integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Hospitality information systems Management of Hospitality Services Foreign Language II 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research Entrepreneurship in Tourism and Hospitality Industry Human Resources Management Destination Marketing Business Administration in Hospitality Industry Elective I Business in Foreign Language I 5th Semester (Fall) Economics of Hospitality and Tourism Services Travel agency management Hotel Facilities and Properties Leisure and recreation Elective II Elective III Business in Foreign Language II 6th Semester (Spring) Hospitality business budgeting Microfinance of Hospitality Services Customer Relationship Management Bachelor Thesis Preparation Elective IV Elective V Elective VI More information: https://tbs.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/business-administration-in-hospitality-services/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Smaranda Adina COSMA, smaranda.cosma@ubbcluj.ro Physical education and sports (Faculty of Physical Education and Sport, 6 semesters, 5000 eur/year) Programme description: The "Physical Education and Sports" program prepares specialists in designing, organizing, and implementing sports and educational activities, developing professional and transversal competencies in motor skills evaluation, management, marketing, and interdisciplinary project coordination. Perspectives offered by the programme: The program offers opportunities in teaching physical education, sports training, motor skills assessment, sports management, and marketing, developing interdisciplinary and professional skills. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://sport.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Plan_EFS_LR_2024-2025_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr . Nuţ Ramona Ancuța, ramona.nut@ubbcluj.ro Sport and Motor Performance (Faculty of Physical Education and Sport, 6 semesters, 5000 eur/year) Programme description: Sport and High Motor Skills Performance program equips students with interdisciplinary competencies in physical education and sports. Graduates can pursue diverse roles in the sports sector, excelling in planning, evaluation, and organizing sports events. Perspectives offered by the programme: The program offers graduates career opportunities in physical education, sports coaching, sports management, and event organization, both nationally and internationally. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty : https://sport.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Plan_SPM_LR_2024-2025_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Apostu Alina Paula, alina.apostu@ubbcluj.ro Mechanical Engineering (Faculty of Engineering - UBB University Centre in Reșița, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: Mechanical Engineering is a 4-year bachelor degree program that focuses on the design, planning, manufacturing, testing and maintaining various products, from individual components to large machines or systems. The program provides both technological knowledge and innovative capacity. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates can pursue careers as entrepreneurs, mechanical engineers, specialized referents or designers in different fields, such as automotive, machine building, materials industry etc. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. univ. dr. ing. Călin-Octavian Micloşină, calin.miclosina@ubbcluj.ro Electromechanics (Faculty of Engineering - UBB University Centre in Reșița, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The Electromechanics study program trains engineers in the field of electrical engineering, capable of solving specific problems through the design, implementation, operation, and optimization of electromechanical systems. Perspectives offered by the programme: Design, construction, maintenance, and upkeep of electrical installations in buildings, public lighting, industrial equipment, automation, and process control. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Ș. l. dr. ing. Elisabeta SPUNEI , elisabeta.spunei@ubbcluj.ro Applied Informatics In Electrical Engineering (Faculty of Engineering - UBB University Centre in Reșița, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: This programms aims to prepare specialists capable of developing, implementing, and optimizing software and hardware solutions for modern electrical and electronic systems. The courses cover programming, industrial automation, embedded systems, communication networks, and data analysis. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of this study program can work in fields such as electrical and electronic engineering, automation and robotics, software development and information systems. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Ș. l. dr. ing. Mihaela Dorica STROIA, mihaela.stroia@ubbcluj.ro Industrial Informatics (Faculty of Engineering - UBB University Centre in Reșița, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The contents of one of the most exciting study fields, ensure you successful entry into fields of high demand once the information technologies increase in the industrial environment, that allow you to create either software or hardware applications. Perspectives offered by the programme: Electrical engineering & computer science; computer modelling & simulation; automation & embedded systems; network technologies & cloud computing; sensor technology and data analysis. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. univ. dr. ing. Cristian-Paul CHIONCEL , cristian.chioncel@ubbcluj.ro Sociology (Faculty of Sociology and Social Work, 6 semesters, 3500 eur/year) Programme description: Society influences human choices and behaviours, and the action of each person influences the way in which society works. Sociology aims at the scientific knowledge of such processes using various research methods and techniques. Perspectives offered by the programme: Design and implementation of sociological research in organizations and communities, cultural research, market research, management of social data systems, etc. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://socasis.ubbcluj.ro/en/program/template-licenta-en-4/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Ionuț Földes, ionut.foldes@ubbcluj.ro Social Work (Faculty of Sociology and Social Work, 6 semesters, 3500 eur/year) Programme description: Social work invites you to understand what it means to help people, to discover what is valuable in them and those around them, beyond prejudice, and to find alternative ways to solve the issues they face. Perspectives offered by the programme: Educating future social workers through the classical and current theories of socio-human sciences to help them understand the social problems of individuals, families, groups and communities. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://socasis.ubbcluj.ro/en/program/template-licenta-en-5/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Conf. dr . Ana Cristina Baciu, cristina.baciu@ubbcluj.ro Pastoral Orthodox Theology (Faculty of Orthodox Theology, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The study programme develops theological competencies and interdisciplinary approaches necessary for the development and support of a theology-culture dialogue, aimed at the religious reconfiguration of contemporary society. It also provides students with the skills required to organise, facilitate, and lead interconfessional, interreligious, and ecumenical dialogue. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of the Pastoral Orthodox Theology study programme acquire the necessary competencies to become deacons, priests, or employees within the church administration. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://ot.ubbcluj.ro/planuri-de-invatamant/ Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Didactic Orthodox Theology (Faculty of Orthodox Theology, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: This specialization develops theological and professional competencies, as well as interdisciplinary approaches that can be applied in the context of a theology-culture dialogue aimed at the religious reconfiguration of contemporary society, as well as within interconfessional, interreligious, and ecumenical dialogue. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of the Orthodox Didactic Theology specialization acquire the necessary competencies to become teaching staff in primary and lower secondary education, as well as employees within the church administration. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://ot.ubbcluj.ro/planuri-de-invatamant/ Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Orthodox Theology - Social Work (Faculty of Orthodox Theology, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: This programme integrates social work and theological studies, aiming to develop professionals who can foster a multifaceted, coherent, and personally fulfilling sense of self in those they serve. It emphasizes approaches that not only support individual growth and well-being but also ensure that such personal development is recognised and affirmed within the wider community. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can work in institutions of the Romanian Orthodox Church, as well as in organisations involved in social assistance, healthcare, education, and public administration. Employment opportunities include social protection services (placement centres, elderly care centres, family counselling centres, services for victims of human trafficking or domestic violence, shelters for homeless people, and home-care services for vulnerable groups). Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://ot.ubbcluj.ro/planuri-de-invatamant/ Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Sacred Art (Faculty of Orthodox Theology, 2500 eur/year) Programme description: The Sacred Art study programme aims to train specialists in the two existing directions within the department: Painting and Restoration, while also providing them with solid theological competencies. The objective of the programme is to prepare students from both theological and artistic perspectives, equipping them with the knowledge and skills necessary to create and work with sacred imagery. Perspectives offered by the programme: This study programme aims to provide both future painters and restorers with the knowledge and skills necessary to identify, analyze, describe, and address the factors of deterioration that affect the preservation of artworks and ecclesiastical heritage over time. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Greek-Catholic Didactic Theology (Faculty of Greek-Catholic Theology, 6 semesters, 2200 eur/year) Programme description: The program offers quality training mainly to future teachers of Greek-Catholic religion, but also to others who wish to have an adequate theological formation. The content includes theological courses in biblical theology, dogmatics, morals, philosophy, church history, and has a didactic component. Perspectives offered by the programme: The aim is not only an intellectual formation, but also a spiritual formation, through regular participation in liturgical life, as well as personalized spiritual guidance. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Plan-invatamant-TD-2022-2025-2.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Alin Sebastian Tat, e-mail: alin.tat@ubbcluj.ro Greek-Catholic Theology - Social Work (Faculty of Greek-Catholic Theology, 6 semesters, 2200 eur/year) Programme description: This programme prepares students to fulfil the mission of proclaiming the faith in a spirit of peace and dialogue while integrating theological and social perspectives. Graduates learn to design and implement social and theological assessments, develop social assistance systems grounded in theological principles. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can pursue careers as social workers, social inspectors, addiction counsellors, social workers with mental health specialization, primary school teachers, lower secondary school teachers, school counsellors, research assistants in social work, and specialists in vocational assessment for people with disabilities. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/studenti/#planuri_de_invatamant_si_fisele_disciplinelor Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology (Faculty of Greek-Catholic Theology, 8 semesters, 2200 eur/year) Programme description: The Program / Specialization Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology, undergraduate level, has the mission of offering a deep and solid knowledge of the truth regarding God, man and the world, in the light of Christian Revelation and reason. Perspectives offered by the programme: Engagement in the pastoral activities of the Romanian Church United with Rome, Greek-Catholic: clergy and other persons, consecrated or lay, in the didactic and charitable field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Plan-invatamant-TP-2022-2026-2.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Remus Florin Bozântan, e-mail: remus.bozantan@ubbcluj.ro Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology in Blaj (Faculty of Greek-Catholic Theology, 8 semesters, 2200 eur/year) Programme description: The Program / Specialization Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology (at Blaj), bachelor's level, has the mission of offering a deep and solid knowledge of the truth regarding God, man and the world, in the light of Christian Revelation and reason. Perspectives offered by the programme: Engagement in the pastoral activities of the Romanian Church United with Rome, Greek-Catholic: clergy and other persons, consecrated or lay, in the didactic and charitable field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Plan-invatamant-TP-Blaj-2022-2026.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Anton Rus, anton.rus@ubbcluj.ro Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology in Oradea (Faculty of Greek-Catholic Theology, 8 semesters, 2200 eur/year) Programme description: The Program / Specialization Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology (at Oradea), bachelor's level, has the mission of offering a deep and solid knowledge of the truth regarding God, man and the world, in the light of Christian Revelation and reason. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can pursue careers as priests, chaplains, or deacons; work as primary or middle school teachers; serve as church singers or cantors; or hold positions such as religious affairs counselor, inspector, or secretary. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/studenti/#planuri_de_invatamant_si_fisele_disciplinelor Medical Engineering in the city of Reșița (Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The Medical Engineering bachelor's degree program, trains engineers in applied engineering science, capable of solving specific problems design of industrial systems, applying engineering concepts and knowledge in testing complex industrial systems. Perspectives offered by the programme: Biomedical engineer; Research engineer in unconventional technology and equipment; Materials engineer. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details : Prof. univ. dr. Andrei Rotaru, andrei.rotaru@ubbcluj.ro Programs fully taught in German: Informatik (Fakultät für Mathematik und Informatik, 6 semesters, 9000 eur/year) Programmbeschreibung: Der Bachelorstudiengang Informatik in deutscher Sprache an der Babeș-Bolyai-Universität bietet eine exzellente akademische Ausbildung mit einem modernen, interdisziplinären Lehr- und Forschungsprofil sowie praxisnahen Projekten und internationalen Austauschmöglichkeiten. Perspektiven, die das Programm bietet: Absolventen profitieren von praxisnaher Ausbildung, Wettbewerben und internationalen Mobilitätsprogrammen, die den Zugang zu innovativen IT-Projekten und Karrieremöglichkeiten erleichtern. Studienfächer im Programm: Informationen zu den Fächern und weitere Details zum Programm finden Sie auf der folgenden Seite der Fakultät: https://www.cs.ubbcluj.ro/education/academic-programmes/undergraduate-programmes/computer-science-programme-profile/ Kontaktdaten des Programmkoordinators: Conf. univ. dr. Simona Motogna, simona.motogna@ubbcluj.ro International Relations and European Studies in German (Faculty of European Studies, 6 semesters, 3000 eur/year) Programmbeschreibung: BA-Studiengang, mit den Schwerpunkten internationale Beziehungen, europäische Integration, Kommunikation, Wirtschaftswissenschaften und Jura. Praktikumsplätze bei über 30 Partnern. Ein multikulturelles Umfeld mit spannenden Projekten, Erasmus-Mobilitäten, Konferenzen & Studienaufenthalten. Perspektiven, die das Programm bietet: 30 Jahre Erfahrung im Aufbau von Karrieren in EU-Institutionen, multinationalen Unternehmen, NROs, der öffentlichen Verwaltung und in der Beratung. Studienfächer im Programm: Informationen zu den Fächern und weitere Details zum Programm finden Sie auf der folgenden Seite der Fakultät: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_RISE_GE_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Kontaktdaten des Programmkoordinators: Conf. dr. Edit SZEGEDI, edit.szegedi@ubbcluj.ro Programs taught in more than one language: English Language and Literature - Romanian Langauge and Literature/Hungarian Language and Literature/ A modern Language and Literature/ Latin Language/ Ancient Greek Language/ Hebrew Language/ Comparative Universal Literature (Faculty of Letters, 6 semesters, 3600 eur/year) Programme description: This academic programme focuses on developing advanced multilingual communication, translation, and intercultural mediation skills required in professional, institutional, and international environments. The programme ensures a high level of linguistic competence, reaching C2 proficiency in Romanian and B2/C1 proficiency in two international languages, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages standards. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of this programme can work as translators or linguistic mediators in public institutions, private companies, publishing houses, or international organisations. They can also pursue careers as interpreters or language specialists, facilitating communication between people from different linguistic and cultural backgrounds. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://lett.ubbcluj.ro/wpcontent/uploads/2025/12/Plan_inv_licenta_LMA_2025_2028_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: litereadmitereliniaromana@lett.ubbcluj.ro Applied Modern Languages (Faculty of Letters, 6 semesters, 3600 eur/year) Programme description: The Applied Modern Languages specialization allows students to study two foreign languages on an equal basis. The first language can be English or French, which can be combined with English, French, Spanish, German, or Italian as the second language . Perspectives offered by the programme: Relational skills in a range of organizational contexts such as various institutions, business enterprises, or NGOs and use of thematic as well as general and moderately specialised knowledge in the speciality area-related professional domains. Efficient communication in multilingual professional settings dealing with integration, negotiation, and linguistic and cultural mediation. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://lett.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2025/12/Plan_inv_licenta_LMA_2025_2028_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: litereadmitereliniaromana@lett.ubbcluj.ro Eligibility criteria Before starting the admission formalities, please check if you meet the minimum eligibility criteria. All criteria must be met. high school graduation grade: please check here . high school studies in a related field with the chosen program three relevant subjects from high school transcripts, each with a minimum grade of 60% (out of 100), that align with the chosen field of study for the Bachelor's degree For e.g.: High school diploma in humanities allow access to programs in related fields such as literature, history, philosophy, theology, psychology, etc. You cannot apply in the following fields: engineering, chemistry, physics, mathematics, informatics, economic sciences and business. High school diploma in hard sciences (mathematics, chemistry, physics, etc.) allows access to studies for all specializations. In order to apply for the Bachelor program Applied Modern Languages, it is mandatory to hold proficiency certificates with advanced level for two different modern languages and B2 level for Romanian language. The options offered are English + French, English + German, English + Italian, English + Spanish, French + English, French + German, French + Italian, French + Spanish. language proficiency certificate accepted by the university, for the language of the program you apply for. PLEASE CHECK HERE THE LIST OF ACCEPTED PROFICIENCY CERTIFICATES. Exception: the candidates coming from countries whose official language is the same as the study language of the program they have applied for. For more details please access this document . We do not accept proficiency certificates issued by the school. Timeline and deadlines Documents required for application Application form - online application form, which you fill out through the online admission platform. The complete application form will be available in the "Documents" menu in your account, you must download it and sign it. passp ort copy - valid for at least 8 months from the moment you upload your application file. high-school graduation diploma - certified copy in the original language and certified translation (in Romanian, English or French, if the original is not issued in one of these languages) *. Provisional certificates are accepted on condition you have graduated in 2025 or in 2026. PLEASE CHECK HERE THE LIST OF ACCEPTED CERTIFICATES/MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS transcript of records pertaining to the high school studies (all years) - certified copy in the original language and certified translation (in Romanian, English or French, if the original is not issued in one of these languages) *. language proficiency certificate accepted by the university PLEASE CHECK HERE THE LIST OF ACCEPTED PROFICIENCY CERTIFICATES motivation letter (length of the letter max. one A4 page, 200-300 words). See requirements and instructions here . birth certificate - certified copy in the original language and certified translation (in Romanian, English or French, if the original is not issued in one of these languages) *. medical certificate (in Romanian, English or French, not older than 3 months) attesting that the applicant does not suffer from any contagious diseases or any other affections incompatible with the future profession. receipt attesting the payment of the non-refundable of 50 EUR, processing fee; to be paid only after you filled out the application form. * certified copy - the copy of the original document must be certified/legalized/attested by the entitled authorities. For the countries that are members of The Hague Convention that Hague Apostille is required. For specific details regarding your country, please check the following link. Admission process The candidates from Non-EU countries have to follow the steps bellow: Read carefully all the information related to admission on our website; Make sure you have all the necessary documents and that they meet the requirements (translations, legalizations, validity periods, etc.); At this point, DO NOT pay the file processing fee; Verify your eligibility using our testing function of the admission platform; you don't need an account for this operation; Create an account on the admission platform and write down your credentials because you will need them in order to request the on-campus accommodation (after obtaining the visa). The creation of multiple accounts for the same person is forbidden! Double accounts will be deleted! Check and follow the instructions given on the admission platform. Fill out the Application form following the instruction in the task you will receive. You have 24 hours to complete your admission application process (pay the processing fee and upload the admission file). Later changes of the specialization are not allowed. Any change to the document generated by the platform will lead to the loss of the selected place. After 24 hours, your account will be reset and you will have to resume the application from the beginning. Pay the nonrefundable processing fee for your file by following the instructions in the task you receive. Please note that the platform limits the number of file uploads. After uploading four (4) incomplete files, the system will no longer accept new ones. Download and sign by hand the prefilled application form and make sure you are uploading all the pages. Upload ONE single PDF file comprising all required admission documents from section IV (Documents required for application), arranging the documents in the order mentioned above. The documents must be scanned with the upper page facing upwards, and the writing on all documents must be clear and easy to read. The application file will be processed by the university. The accepted files will be sent to the Ministry of Education for final evaluation. Total processing time - approx. 40 working days. The university will inform the candidate about the resolution of the Ministry of Education: For the accepted files, the acceptance letter will be uploaded on the admission platform. Please read carefully the steps you need to follow after receiving the Letter of Acceptance on following link: https://cci.ubbcluj.ro/admission-international-students/candidates-from-other-countries/steps-to-follow-after-receiving-the-letter-of-acceptance/ For the pending files (no decision at this point), the candidate will receive a specific task in the admission platform. For the rejected files, the candidate will be informed via the admission platform. Pay the tuition fee and upload the proof of payment. You have 21 calendar days to complete this task. After receiving the tuition fee, the university will issue and upload on the admission platform a confirmation of payment and on-campus accommodation. Apply for a study visa at the Romanian Embassy. The visa application is a personal approach and the university is not in the position to interfere in the process. We advise all candidates to apply for the study visa immediately after receiving the letter of acceptance and the confirmation of payment/accommodation letter. Upload a copy of your visa in the admission platform. You will be given access to the on-campus accommodation section on the admission platform. For enrollment at the faculty, the candidate must submit the documents mentioned on the Acceptance letter and the confirmation of payment. The candidates who paid the tuition fee, but do not enroll at the faculty for any reason (visa rejected, application withdraw, etc.) may submit a request on the admission platform for the reimbursement of the tuition fee. Correspondence and questions can be asked on the platform. Please be patient and wait for the result to be communicated to your application. If you have any questions or would like to see how to proceed to apply for studies, we invite you to participate in the online counseling sessions, on Zoom platform, as follows: March 24th, 2026 - 13:00 - 15:00 (Bucharest time) April 14th, 2026 - 13:00 - 14:00 (Bucharest time) May 14th, 2026 - 13:00 - 14:00 (Bucharest time) June 16th, 2026 - 13:00 - 14:00 (Bucharest time) The Zoom login link for any of the counseling sessions is: https://zoom.us/j/91623515373?pwd=PqwhEpB9M6uEyOf72fTyRQ6Ajl8hfM.1 Meeting ID: 915 9542 7159 For more information about the higher education system in Romania you are advised to read the following brochures: Freshmen's Guide https://cci.ubbcluj.ro/admission-international-students/candidates-from-other-countries/freshmens-guide-en-fr/ On-campus accommodation https://cci.ubbcluj.ro/admission-international-students/candidates-from-other-countries/on-campus-accommodation-en-fr/ Important documents Academic Offer Bachelor Level 2026 Download Accepted Language Certificates Download Eligibility-criteria-and-diplomas 2026 Download Motivation Letter Requirments Download FRANÇAIS LA PROCÉDURE D`ADMISSION POUR LES ÉTUDIANTS INTERNATIONAUX (autofinancés) NIVEAU LICENCE Tous les candidats vont candidater EN LIGNE , par le biais de la plateforme d`admission dédiée aux étudiants internationaux. Il faut accéder au lien suivant: admission.cci.ubbcluj.ro Inscription-Calendrier Période d`inscription : 1 avril 2026 - 31 juillet 202 6 On recommande de s`inscrire plus tôt pour : vous assurer que vous pouvez candidater pour le programme choisi (les places sont limitées pour chaque spécialisation) recevoir une réponse rapide de la part du Ministère de l`Éducation et de l`Ambassade commencer les études à la date officielle d`ouverture et augmenter tes chances de réussir aux examens avoir accès à l`hébergement dans le campus universitaire (les places sont limitées) L'offre académique L'Université a attribué les places de spécialisation d'une manière qu'elle garantisse l'égalité des chances pour tous les pays ; par conséquent, le nombre de places par pays est limité. Les places sont attribuées selon le principe du premier arrivé, premier servi, à condition que le candidat accomplisse tous les critères d'éligibilité et qu'il soit admis dans la spécialisation choisie. Les places peuvent être disponibles si un candidat est refusé par l'université, par le Ministère de l'Éducation ou l'Ambassade, si la candidat retire sa candidature ou ne paie pas les frais de scolarité. Pour vérifier la disponibilité d'une spécialisation, on conseille les candidats de consulter régulièrement la plateforme d'admission en essayant de sélectionner la spécialisation souhaitée dans le formulaire de candidature. Programmes entièrement enseignés en anglais: Mathématiques pour Informatique (Faculté de Mathématiques et d'Informatique, 6 semestres, 7000 eur/an) Programme description : Our programme equips students with essential skills in mathematical structures and software development. It fosters continuous learning, applying the latest scientific advances in Mathematics and Computer Science, and using computational tools to solve mathematical problems across various fields. Perspectives offered by the programme : The bachelor programme in Mathematics Computer Science provides the students with the appropriate knowledge for their professional activity in education, IT, industry and finance. Subjects studied within the programme Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.cs.ubbcluj.ro/invatamant/programe-academice/licenta/matematica-informatica/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. Prof. PhD. Marcel-Adrian Şerban, marcel.serban@ubbcluj.ro Ingénierie environnementale (Faculté des Sciences et du Génie de l'Environnement, 8 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description : The Environmental Engineering program trains specialists to reduce pollution, improve water, air, and soil quality, and protect the environment. It combines interdisciplinary knowledge, practical skills and research. Graduates can perform audits, risk analyses, and develop remediation strategies. Perspectives offered by the programme : Environmental engineers can work as environmental protection or system engineers for depollution processes, risk analysts, Environmental Management System auditors, or middle school teachers. Subjects studied within the programme : Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/ingineria-mediului/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Conf. dr. Nicolae Ajtai, nicolae.ajtai@ubbcluj.ro Études de sécurité (Faculté d'Histoire et de Philosophie, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: The program aims to professionalize security studies within the Romanian university community by training qualified personnel capable of managing the security challenges faced by today's society. Perspectives offered by the programme: After graduation, you will be able to pursue a career in structures belonging to public institutions, international institutions and organizations, private companies, academia, the media, etc. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://hiphi.ubbcluj.ro/Public/File/planuri/2024/licenta/securitate_eng_2024_FINAL_cm.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details : Conf. dr. Claudiu Marian, claudiu.marian@ubbcluj.ro Finances et Banques (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The Finance and Banking program is designed for young students aspiring to understand the complexity of the financial world and to pursue a profession in investments, banking, or business finance. Perspectives offered by the programme: The financial, banking, and insurance sector offers countless hiring opportunities, and the skills acquired within our study program qualify its graduates and potential specialists in the field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Associate Professor, Angela-Maria FILIP, PhD - angela.filip@econ.ubbcluj.ro Management (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: On completion of this programme, graduates will be able both to enter a higher cycle of studies and/or to pursue successful careers in organisations. Perspectives offered by the programme: On completion of this programme, graduates will be able both to enter a higher cycle of studies and/or to pursue successful careers in organisations. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Irina SALANȚĂ, PhD, associate professor - irina.salanta@econ.ubbcluj.ro Comptabilité et Informatique de gestion (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The program aims to prepare specialists with higher education in accounting and management information systems. Both the curriculum and the syllabus are designed to develop students' entrepreneurial spirit and facilitate their integration into the business environment after graduation. Perspectives offered by the programme: Upon completion of this program, students will be prepared for a variety of positions, including leadership roles, in private and listed companies. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. prof. Cristina ŞTEFĂNESCU, PhD - cristina.palfi@econ.ubbcluj.ro Affaires Internationales et Économie (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The main objectives of the program are to prepare specialists for the economy of the future, and to develop general and professional competences needed for the international labor market, in both emerging and developed economies, for private and public sectors. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates' acquired skills and abilities allow them to pursue successful international careers, as well as to continue their studies within a master program. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. prof. Octavian JULA, PhD - octavian.jula@econ.ubbcluj.ro Relations internationales et études européennes (Faculté d'études Européennes, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: A BA devoted to international relations, European integration, communication, economics & law. Internships with over 30 public/private partners. A multicultural setting, projects, Erasmus mobilities, conferences & study visits. Practical skills (project management, negotiations, critical thinking). Perspectives offered by the programme: 17 years of experience building careers in EU institutions, multinationals, NGOs, public administration and consultancy. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_RISE_EN_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Laura-Maria HERȚA, laura.herta@ubbcluj.ro Gestion des Affaires (Faculté de Business, 6 semestres, 5000 eur/an) Programme description: The students learn the fundamentals of marketing, management, economics, finance, and accounting to understand how a company operates. Since Cluj-Napoca is Romania's entrepreneurial capital, our educational offer is tailored to the needs of students who aspire to start their own businesses. Perspectives offered by the programme: With the knowledge acquired and the experience gained, graduates can pursue various roles, such as:Entrepreneur, Human Resources Officer, Marketing Specialist, Logistics Specialist, Financial Analyst. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific Research Methodology. Ethics and academic integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Business Information Systems Foreign Language II Elective I 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research International Financial Markets Managerial Accounting Human Resources Management Internship - Business Administration Business Foreign Language I Elective II 5th Semester (Fall) Operations Management Business Negotiations Insurance and Reinsurance Financial Control and Audit Financial Forecast and Analysis Techniques Business Foreign Language II Elective III 6th Semester (Spring) Economic and Financial Analysis Customer Relationship Management Entrepreneurship E-business Bachelor thesis/paper writing Elective IV Elective V More information: https://tbs.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/business-administration-bachelor/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Assoc. Prof. Ioan-Alin NISTOR, ioan.nistor@ubbcluj.ro Gestion des Affaires en Hospitalité (Faculté de Business, 6 semestres, 5000 eur/an) Programme description: This program is interactive, using teaching methods that enhance student creativity. It is continually updated and strongly oriented according to the practical requirements of hospitality business and to the existing international educational trends. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can start their own business or work as travel agents, or representatives for travel companies. They can also hold management positions in restaurants, accommodation units, cruise lines. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific research methodology. Academic ethics and integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Hospitality information systems Management of Hospitality Services Foreign Language II 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research Entrepreneurship in Tourism and Hospitality Industry Human Resources Management Destination Marketing Business Administration in Hospitality Industry Elective I Business in Foreign Language I 5th Semester (Fall) Economics of Hospitality and Tourism Services Travel agency management Hotel Facilities and Properties Leisure and recreation Elective II Elective III Business in Foreign Language II 6th Semester (Spring) Hospitality business budgeting Microfinance of Hospitality Services Customer Relationship Management Bachelor Thesis Preparation Elective IV Elective V Elective VI More information: https://tbs.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/business-administration-in-hospitality-services/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Assoc. Prof. Cristina FLEŞERIU, cristina.fleseriu@ubbcluj.ro Sciences politiques (Faculté de Sciences Politiques, Administratives et de la Communication, 6 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: The School of Political Science aims to cultivate values oriented towards community involvement, leadership skills, to provide students with the practical skills necessary to get involved in public and political life in Romania and to ensure a solid theoretical training. Perspectives offered by the programme: Political institutions and organizations, international organizations, companies, media, non-governmental organizations, universities and research institutes. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://fspac.international/, https://stiintepolitice.fspac.ubbcluj.ro/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. dr. Cosmin Marian, marian@fspac.ro Journalisme (Faculté de Sciences Politiques, Administratives et de la Communication, 6 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: Taught in four languages - Romanian, Hungarian, German and English - the program, designed in the multicultural Transylvanian context, focuses on international media and delivers key competences in news writing, photojournalism, broadcast journalism and online media. Perspectives offered by the programme: Televison, Print and Online News, Radio, Photography, Investigation, Media relations specialists Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://fspac.international/, https://journalism.fspac.ubbcluj.ro/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Cristina Nistor-Beuran, cristina.nistor@fspac.ro Services et Politiques de Santé Publique (Faculté de Sciences Politiques, Administratives et de la Communication, 6 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: A rigorously structured academic curriculum which acquaints students with the Public Health field, starting with the basic knowledge and offering along the way the possibility of a deeper understanding on specific areas of interest. Perspectives offered by the programme: Health Policy and Management, Health Administration Community and Behavioral Health, Epidemiology, Biostatistics, Occupational and Environmental Health Health Promotion. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://fspac.international/ ; https://publichealth.ro/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Associate Professor Marius I. Ungureanu, marius.ungureanu@publichealth.ro Psychologie - Sciences cognitives (Faculté de psychologie et sciences de l'éducation, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: The undergraduate program aims to train specialists through solid integration psychology, neuroscience, linguistics, and computer science to develop both theoretical knowledge and practical skills. Perspectives offered by the programme: The program develops core psychology skills, preparing graduates for roles like psychologist or health psychologist emphasizing research, critical thinking, and interdisciplinary studies. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://psiedu.ubbcluj.ro/01-psihologie-engleza Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. dr. Oana Benga, oana.benga@ubbcluj.ro Programmes entièrement enseignés en roumain : Physique (Faculté de physique, 6 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: This programme focuses on developing a solid understanding of the fundamental laws and principles of physics and their application in various scientific and practical contexts. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of this programme can pursue careers in education, working as physics teachers or science educators in schools and educational institutions. They can also work in research environments, assisting in scientific investigations or continuing their studies in advanced physics or related fields. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://phys.ubbcluj.ro/invatamant/planinv/202529/fiz_ro.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details : secretariat.phys@ubbcluj.ro Physique-Technologie (Faculté de Physique, 8 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://phys-ubbcluj-ro.translate.goog/invatamant/licenta_ro.htm?_x_tr_sl=ro&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=en-US&_x_tr_pto=wapp Chimie (Facult é de Chimie et de Génie Chimique, 6 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: Students acquire knowledge in analytical, inorganic, organic and physical chemistry, and in biochemistry, organometallic/coordination and materials chemistry as well as practical skills in synthesis, analysis, spectroscopy. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates are employment perspectives in quality control, health, food, environment fields but also in education and research, also can work as a teacher of chemistry. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20Chimie%20lr_2024-2027.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Gabriela Nemeș, gabriela.nemes@ubbcluj.ro Génie et Technologie de l'information du produit chimique et des processus biochimiques (Faculté de Chimie et de G é nie Chimique, 8 semestres, 2700 eur/year) Programme description: The specialization provides students with a comprehensive education in process engineering. The program aligns with industry demands, preparing graduates for roles such as chemical engineer, process engineer, quality responsible, designer, consultant, and inspector. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduate of the specialization can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design in industrial companies, but also in every company running activities that involve chemical processes Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20IIPCB_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Arpad Imre, arpad.imre@ubbcluj.ro Génie biochimique (Faculté de Chimie et de Génie Chimique, 8 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: The program is an inter- and transdisciplinary field integrating knowledge of Chemistry, Biology, and Chemical Engineering, the students acquiring theoretical and practical skills for the synthesis of drugs, food, other products Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduate of the specialization can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design of chemical and biochemical plants (fermentative, enzymatic) in industrial companies Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20IB_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Dr. Habil. Ing. Monica Toşa, monica.tosa@ubbcluj.ro Chimie alimentaire et Technologies biochimiques (Faculté de Chimie et de Génie Chimique, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: The objective of this bachelor's level program is to train chemical engineers capable of solving specific problems in the food industry, both in production units and in quality control laboratories or in companies that sell equipment and products necessary for this industry. Perspectives offered by the programme: Perspective: The graduate of the specialization can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design of chemical installations in industrial companies; food quality control laboratories. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20CATB_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Dr. habil. ing. Luminița-Camelia David, luminita.david@ubbcluj.ro Chimie et Ingénierie des substances organiques, pétrochimie et carbochimie (Faculté de Chimie et de Génie Chimique, 8 semesters, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: The graduates have basic training in the field of synthetic organic (medicines, dyes, pesticides, cosmetics, petroleum products) and openness to related fields such as analytical equipment, biotechnologies, plant design. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduate can work in: departments of production, exploitation and design of chemical installations in industrial companies, particularly those in organic chemistry, cosmetics industry. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://www.chem.ubbcluj.ro/pr-acad/files/2024/Plan%20de%20invatamant%20CISOPC%20lr_2024-2028.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. Dr. ing. Castelia Cristea, castelia.cristea@ubbcluj.ro Science environnementale (Faculté des Sciences et du Génie de L'environnement, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: This interdisciplinary program develops skills in environmental analysis, assessment, and management. Students learn to evaluate air, water, soil, and biodiversity while designing conservation and sustainability strategies. Practical training includes fieldwork, internships, and research projects. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates excel in consultancy, management, research, and conservation. Career paths include environmental analyst, ecologist, manager, auditor, or even mid-school teacher (with a pedagogical module). Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/stiinta-mediului-linia-romana/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf.dr. Liviu MUNTEAN, octavian.muntean@ubbcluj.ro Management et audit environnemental (Faculté des Sciences et du Génie de L'environnement, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: This program merges foundational Environmental Science with specialized management and auditing expertise. Students master planning, implementing, and improving QHSE systems. Through labs, fieldwork, internships, and real-world projects, graduates gain practical skills for a competitive job market. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates excel in Quality-Health-Safety-Environment (QHSE) management systems, consultancy, and auditing. Career paths include environmental specialist, auditor, manager, or even mid-school teacher. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/management-si-audit-de-mediu/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Vlad MĂCICĂȘAN, vlad.macicasan@ubbcluj.ro Ingénierie environnementale (Faculté des Sciences et du Génie de L'environnement, 8 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: The Environmental Engineering program trains specialists to reduce pollution, improve water, air, and soil quality, and protect the environment. It combines interdisciplinary knowledge, practical skills and research. Graduates can perform audits, risk analyses, and develop remediation strategies. Perspectives offered by the programme: Environmental engineers can work as environmental protection or system engineers for depollution processes, risk analysts, Environmental Management System auditors, or middle school teachers. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://enviro.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/ingineria-mediului/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr.Zoltan TOROK , zoltan.torok@ubbcluj.ro Finances and Banking (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The Finance and Banking program is designed for young students aspiring to understand the complexity of the financial world and to pursue a profession in investments, banking, or business finance. Perspectives offered by the programme: The financial, banking, and insurance sector offers countless hiring opportunities, and the skills acquired within our study program qualify its graduates and potential specialists in the field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Associate Professor, Angela-Maria FILIP, PhD - angela.filip@econ.ubbcluj.ro Économie du commerce, du tourisme et des services (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: Besides core training pertaining to the main domains of economics, the programme equips students with the most recent theoretical and practical knowledge in the fields of commerce, tourism and services. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates of the program will be prepared to perform roles in any branch of the service sector, in the tourism industry and in commerce. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Ovidiu MOISESCU, PhD ovidiu.moisescu@econ.ubbcluj.ro Économie agroalimentaire et environnementale (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The main aim of the study programme in Agri-Food and Environment Economics is the theoretical, but mostly practical training of economists able to tackle the opportunities and challenges of agribusiness and environmental security, a key domain of economic development. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates of study program will be able to hold positions as economists, quality specialists, or food safety auditors in national or multinational companies. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Assoc. prof. Vincențiu Andrei VEREȘ, PhD - vincentiu.veres@econ.ubbcluj.ro Marketing (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The programme aims to train graduates able to organize the marketing activity in companies and organisations from various fields, to design and implement an appropriate marketing mix, to develop and implement marketing strategies and instruments adapted to the online medium as well. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of the program will be prepared to build a successful career in any company or organization, possessing the knowledge and skills necessary for positions in the marketing or sales department. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Assoc. prof. Mihai-Florin BĂCILĂ, PHD - mihai.bacila@econ.ubbcluj.ro Statistique et prévision économique (Faculté des Sciences Economiques et Gestion des Affaires, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The study programme aims to train students in domains that focus on the analysis of economic and social phenomena and their forecast. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can hold jobs as data analysts, can work in analysis departments in banks and insurance companies, and target positions in the medical field and public institutions. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://econ.ubbcluj.ro/n3.php?id_s=197&id_c=104&id_m=3 Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Anuța BUIGA, PhD - anuta.buiga@econ.ubbcluj.ro Relations internationales et études européenness (Faculté d'études Européennes, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: A BA devoted to international relations, European integration, communication, economics & law. Internships with over 30 public/private partners. A multicultural setting, projects, Erasmus mobilities, conferences & study visits. Practical skills (project management, negotiations, critical thinking). Perspectives offered by the programme: 30 years of experience building careers in EU institutions, multinationals, NGOs, public administration and consultancy. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_RISE_RO_2024_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Antoanela-Paula MUREȘAN, paula.muresan@ubbcluj.ro Diplomatie d'affaires (Faculté d'études Européennes, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: The only undergraduate Business Diplomacy programme in Romania. From social & negotiation skills to civic & organizational behaviour. Students become familiar with models of best practice and acquire abilities matching the requirements of negotiation/protocol and etiquette in Business Diplomacy. Perspectives offered by the programme: Learn how to mediate conflicts so as to streamline business negotiation processes, develop international / cross-sector partnerships with entities in the economic and social environment. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_DA_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Cosmin MATIŞ, cosmin.matis@ubbcluj.ro Management (Faculté d'études Européennes, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: A BA in Management, based on economics, applied to practical cases within a European frame. Interactive teaching geared towards the development of critical thinking, individual initiative & teamwork. Access to internships with public & private partners, Erasmus mobilities and a wide range of events. Perspectives offered by the programme: Building on a quarter century of experience, with a network of alumni in the private sector (middle and top management of companies of all sizes) and public administration (from local to EU level). Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_Management_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Radu NECHITA, radu.nechita@ubbcluj.ro Administration européenne (Faculté d'études Européennes, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programme description: A three-year BA that provides knowledge and skills in areas such as public policy, public relations and public organizations. During the courses, students learn about national and European policies and programmes, democratic values and legislative milestones at EU level and beyond. Perspectives offered by the programme: EU institutions and international organizations, central and local public institutions, multinational or regional development organizations, education and research. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_AE_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details : Lect. dr. Dorin Dobra, dorin.dobra@ubbcluj.ro Gestion des affaires (Faculté de Business, 6 semestres, 5000 eur/an) Programme description: The students learn the fundamentals of marketing, management, economics, finance, and accounting, to understand how a company operates. Since Cluj-Napoca is the entrepreneurial capital of Romania, our educational offer is tailored to the needs of students who want to start their own business. Perspectives offered by the programme: With the knowledge acquired and the experience gained, graduates can pursue various roles, such as:Entrepreneur, Human Resources Officer, Marketing Specialist, Logistics Specialist, Financial Analyst. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific Research Methodology. Ethics and academic integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Business Information Systems Foreign Language II Elective I 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research International Financial Markets Managerial Accounting Human Resources Management Internship - Business Administration Business Foreign Language I Elective II 5th Semester (Fall) Operations Management Business Negotiations Insurance and Reinsurance Financial Control and Audit Financial Forecast and Analysis Techniques Business Foreign Language II Elective III 6th Semester (Spring) Economic and Financial Analysis Customer Relationship Management Entrepreneurship E-business Bachelor thesis/paper writing Elective IV Elective V Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Ramona-Paula RĂCHIŞAN, ramona.rachisan@ubbcluj.ro Gestion des affaires en hospitalité (Faculté de Business, 6 semestres, 5000 eur/an) Programme description: This program is interactive, using teaching methods that enhance student creativity. It is continually updated and strongly oriented according to the practical requirements of hospitality business and to the existing international educational trends. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can start their own business or work as travel agents, or representatives for travel companies. They can also hold management positions in restaurants, accommodation units, cruise lines. Subjects studied within the programme: 1st Semester (Fall) Microeconomics Applied Mathematics for Economics General Management Leadership Business Informatics Scientific research methodology. Academic ethics and integrity Physical education I 2nd Semester (Spring) Macroeconomics Applied Statistics in Business Public Finance Basic Accounting Business Law Foreign Language I Physical education II 3rd Semester (Fall) Principles of Marketing Introduction to Econometrics Corporate Finance Financial Accounting Hospitality information systems Management of Hospitality Services Foreign Language II 4th Semester (Spring) Marketing Research Entrepreneurship in Tourism and Hospitality Industry Human Resources Management Destination Marketing Business Administration in Hospitality Industry Elective I Business in Foreign Language I 5th Semester (Fall) Economics of Hospitality and Tourism Services Travel agency management Hotel Facilities and Properties Leisure and recreation Elective II Elective III Business in Foreign Language II 6th Semester (Spring) Hospitality business budgeting Microfinance of Hospitality Services Customer Relationship Management Bachelor Thesis Preparation Elective IV Elective V Elective VI More information: https://tbs.ubbcluj.ro/specializari/business-administration-in-hospitality-services/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Prof. Smaranda Adina COSMA, smaranda.cosma@ubbcluj.ro Éducation physique et sport (Faculté d'éducation physique et de Sport, 6 semestres, 5000 eur/an) Programme description: The "Physical Education and Sports" program prepares specialists in designing, organizing, and implementing sports and educational activities, developing professional and transversal competencies in motor skills evaluation, management, marketing, and interdisciplinary project coordination. Perspectives offered by the programme: The program offers opportunities in teaching physical education, sports training, motor skills assessment, sports management, and marketing, developing interdisciplinary and professional skills. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://sport.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Plan_EFS_LR_2024-2025_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr . Nuţ Ramona Ancuța, ramona.nut@ubbcluj.ro Sport et performance motrice (Faculté d'éducation physique et de Sport, 6 semestres, 5000 eur/an) Programme description: Sport and High Motor Skills Performance program equips students with interdisciplinary competencies in physical education and sports. Graduates can pursue diverse roles in the sports sector, excelling in planning, evaluation, and organizing sports events. Perspectives offered by the programme: The program offers graduates career opportunities in physical education, sports coaching, sports management, and event organization, both nationally and internationally. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty : https://sport.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Plan_SPM_LR_2024-2025_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Apostu Alina Paula, alina.apostu@ubbcluj.ro Génie mécanique (Faculté d'Ingénierie (siège dans la ville de Reșița), 8 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: Mechanical Engineering is a 4-year bachelor degree program that focuses on the design, planning, manufacturing, testing and maintaining various products, from individual components to large machines or systems. The program provides both technological knowledge and innovative capacity. Perspectives offered by the programme: The graduates can pursue careers as entrepreneurs, mechanical engineers, specialized referents or designers in different fields, such as automotive, machine building, materials industry etc. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. univ. dr. ing. Călin-Octavian Micloşină, calin.miclosina@ubbcluj.ro Electromécanique (Faculté d'Ingénierie (siège dans la ville de Reșița), 8 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: The Electromechanics study program trains engineers in the field of electrical engineering, capable of solving specific problems through the design, implementation, operation, and optimization of electromechanical systems. Perspectives offered by the programme: Design, construction, maintenance, and upkeep of electrical installations in buildings, public lighting, industrial equipment, automation, and process control. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Ș. l. dr. ing. Elisabeta SPUNEI , elisabeta.spunei@ubbcluj.ro Informatique appliquée à l'Ingénierie électrique (Faculté d'Ingénierie (siège dans la ville de Reșița), 8 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: This programms aims to prepare specialists capable of developing, implementing, and optimizing software and hardware solutions for modern electrical and electronic systems. The courses cover programming, industrial automation, embedded systems, communication networks, and data analysis. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of this study program can work in fields such as electrical and electronic engineering, automation and robotics, software development and information systems. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Ș. l. dr. ing. Mihaela Dorica STROIA, mihaela.stroia@ubbcluj.ro Informatique industrielle (Faculté d'Ingénierie (siège dans la ville de Reșița), 8 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: The contents of one of the most exciting study fields, ensure you successful entry into fields of high demand once the information technologies increase in the industrial environment, that allow you to create either software or hardware applications. Perspectives offered by the programme: Electrical engineering & computer science; computer modelling & simulation; automation & embedded systems; network technologies & cloud computing; sensor technology and data analysis. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. univ. dr. ing. Cristian-Paul CHIONCEL , cristian.chioncel@ubbcluj.ro Sociologie (Faculté de Sociologie et Assistance Sociale, 6 semestres, 3500 eur/an) Programme description: Society influences human choices and behaviours, and the action of each person influences the way in which society works. Sociology aims at the scientific knowledge of such processes using various research methods and techniques. Perspectives offered by the programme: Design and implementation of sociological research in organizations and communities, cultural research, market research, management of social data systems, etc. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://socasis.ubbcluj.ro/en/program/template-licenta-en-4/ Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Ionuț Földes, ionut.foldes@ubbcluj.ro Assistance Sociale (Faculté de Sociologie et Assistance Sociale, 6 semestres, 3500 eur/an) Programme description: Social work invites you to understand what it means to help people, to discover what is valuable in them and those around them, beyond prejudice, and to find alternative ways to solve the issues they face. Perspectives offered by the programme: Educating future social workers through the classical and current theories of socio-human sciences to help them understand the social problems of individuals, families, groups and communities. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://socasis.ubbcluj.ro/en/program/template-licenta-en-5/ Programme coordinator's contact details : Conf. dr . Ana Cristina Baciu, cristina.baciu@ubbcluj.ro Théologie Orthodoxe Pastorale (Faculté de Théologie Orthodoxe, 8 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The study programme develops theological competencies and interdisciplinary approaches necessary for the development and support of a theology-culture dialogue, aimed at the religious reconfiguration of contemporary society. It also provides students with the skills required to organise, facilitate, and lead interconfessional, interreligious, and ecumenical dialogue. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of the Pastoral Orthodox Theology study programme acquire the necessary competencies to become deacons, priests, or employees within the church administration. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://ot.ubbcluj.ro/planuri-de-invatamant/ Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Théologie Orthodoxe Didactique (Faculté de Théologie Orthodoxe, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: This specialization develops theological and professional competencies, as well as interdisciplinary approaches that can be applied in the context of a theology-culture dialogue aimed at the religious reconfiguration of contemporary society, as well as within interconfessional, interreligious, and ecumenical dialogue. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of the Orthodox Didactic Theology specialization acquire the necessary competencies to become teaching staff in primary and lower secondary education, as well as employees within the church administration. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://ot.ubbcluj.ro/planuri-de-invatamant/ Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Théologie Orthodoxe - Travail Social (Faculté de Théologie Orthodoxe, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: This programme integrates social work and theological studies, aiming to develop professionals who can foster a multifaceted, coherent, and personally fulfilling sense of self in those they serve. It emphasizes approaches that not only support individual growth and well-being but also ensure that such personal development is recognised and affirmed within the wider community. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can work in institutions of the Romanian Orthodox Church, as well as in organisations involved in social assistance, healthcare, education, and public administration. Employment opportunities include social protection services (placement centres, elderly care centres, family counselling centres, services for victims of human trafficking or domestic violence, shelters for homeless people, and home-care services for vulnerable groups). Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://ot.ubbcluj.ro/planuri-de-invatamant/ Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Art sacré (Faculté de Théologie Orthodoxe, 6 semestres, 2500 eur/an) Programme description: The Sacred Art study programme aims to train specialists in the two existing directions within the department: Painting and Restoration, while also providing them with solid theological competencies. The objective of the programme is to prepare students from both theological and artistic perspectives, equipping them with the knowledge and skills necessary to create and work with sacred imagery. Perspectives offered by the programme: This study programme aims to provide both future painters and restorers with the knowledge and skills necessary to identify, analyze, describe, and address the factors of deterioration that affect the preservation of artworks and ecclesiastical heritage over time. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: Programme coordinator's contact details: dacian.but@ubbcluj.ro Théologie didactique gréco-catholique (Faculté de Théologie Gréco-Catholique, 6 semestres, 2200 eur/an) Programme description: The program offers quality training mainly to future teachers of Greek-Catholic religion, but also to others who wish to have an adequate theological formation. The content includes theological courses in biblical theology, dogmatics, morals, philosophy, church history, and has a didactic component. Perspectives offered by the programme: The aim is not only an intellectual formation, but also a spiritual formation, through regular participation in liturgical life, as well as personalized spiritual guidance. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Plan-invatamant-TD-2022-2025-2.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Alin Sebastian Tat, e-mail: alin.tat@ubbcluj.ro Théologie Gréco-Catholique - Travail Social (Faculté de Théologie Gréco-Catholique, 6 semestres, 2200 eur/an) Programme description: This programme prepares students to fulfil the mission of proclaiming the faith in a spirit of peace and dialogue while integrating theological and social perspectives. Graduates learn to design and implement social and theological assessments, develop social assistance systems grounded in theological principles. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can pursue careers as social workers, social inspectors, addiction counsellors, social workers with mental health specialization, primary school teachers, lower secondary school teachers, school counsellors, research assistants in social work, and specialists in vocational assessment for people with disabilities. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/studenti/#planuri_de_invatamant_si_fisele_disciplinelor Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology (Faculté de Théologie Gréco-Catholique, 8 semestres, 2200 eur/an) Programme description: The Program / Specialization Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology, undergraduate level, has the mission of offering a deep and solid knowledge of the truth regarding God, man and the world, in the light of Christian Revelation and reason. Perspectives offered by the programme: Engagement in the pastoral activities of the Romanian Church United with Rome, Greek-Catholic: clergy and other persons, consecrated or lay, in the didactic and charitable field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Plan-invatamant-TP-2022-2026-2.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Lect. dr. Remus Florin Bozântan, e-mail: remus.bozantan@ubbcluj.ro Théologie pastorale gréco-catholique (à Blaj) (Faculté de Théologie Gréco-Catholique, 8 semestres, 2200 eur/an) Programme description: The Program / Specialization Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology (at Blaj), bachelor's level, has the mission of offering a deep and solid knowledge of the truth regarding God, man and the world, in the light of Christian Revelation and reason. Perspectives offered by the programme: Engagement in the pastoral activities of the Romanian Church United with Rome, Greek-Catholic: clergy and other persons, consecrated or lay, in the didactic and charitable field. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Plan-invatamant-TP-Blaj-2022-2026.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: Conf. dr. Anton Rus, anton.rus@ubbcluj.ro Théologie pastorale gréco-catholique (à Oradea) (Faculté de Théologie Gréco-Catholique, 8 semestres, 2200 eur/an) Programme description: The Program / Specialization Greek-Catholic Pastoral Theology (at Oradea), bachelor's level, has the mission of offering a deep and solid knowledge of the truth regarding God, man and the world, in the light of Christian Revelation and reason. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates can pursue careers as priests, chaplains, or deacons; work as primary or middle school teachers; serve as church singers or cantors; or hold positions such as religious affairs counselor, inspector, or secretary. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://gct.ubbcluj.ro/studenti/#planuri_de_invatamant_si_fisele_disciplinelor Génie médical (dans la ville de Reșița) (Faculté de médecine et des sciences de la santé, 8 semestres, 2700 eur/an) Programme description: The Medical Engineering bachelor's degree program, trains engineers in applied engineering science, capable of solving specific problems design of industrial systems, applying engineering concepts and knowledge in testing complex industrial systems. Perspectives offered by the programme: Biomedical engineer; Research engineer in unconventional technology and equipment; Materials engineer. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://eng.ubbcluj.ro/?page_id=177 Programme coordinator's contact details : Prof. univ. dr. Andrei Rotaru, andrei.rotaru@ubbcluj.ro Programmes entièrement enseignés en allemand : Informatique (Faculté de Mathématiques et d'Informatique, 6 semestres, 9000 eur/an) Programmbeschreibung: Der Bachelorstudiengang Informatik in deutscher Sprache an der Babeș-Bolyai-Universität bietet eine exzellente akademische Ausbildung mit einem modernen, interdisziplinären Lehr- und Forschungsprofil sowie praxisnahen Projekten und internationalen Austauschmöglichkeiten. Perspektiven, die das Programm bietet: Absolventen profitieren von praxisnaher Ausbildung, Wettbewerben und internationalen Mobilitätsprogrammen, die den Zugang zu innovativen IT-Projekten und Karrieremöglichkeiten erleichtern. Studienfächer im Programm: Informationen zu den Fächern und weitere Details zum Programm finden Sie auf der folgenden Seite der Fakultät: https://www.cs.ubbcluj.ro/education/academic-programmes/undergraduate-programmes/computer-science-programme-profile/ Kontaktdaten des Programmkoordinators: Conf. univ. dr. Simona Motogna, simona.motogna@ubbcluj.ro Relations internationales et études européennes (Faculté d'études européennes, 6 semestres, 3000 eur/an) Programmbeschreibung: BA-Studiengang, mit den Schwerpunkten internationale Beziehungen, europäische Integration, Kommunikation, Wirtschaftswissenschaften und Jura. Praktikumsplätze bei über 30 Partnern. Ein multikulturelles Umfeld mit spannenden Projekten, Erasmus-Mobilitäten, Konferenzen & Studienaufenthalten. Perspektiven, die das Programm bietet: 30 Jahre Erfahrung im Aufbau von Karrieren in EU-Institutionen, multinationalen Unternehmen, NROs, der öffentlichen Verwaltung und in der Beratung. Studienfächer im Programm: Informationen zu den Fächern und weitere Details zum Programm finden Sie auf der folgenden Seite der Fakultät: https://euro.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/Plan_inv_licenta_RISE_GE_2024-FSE_FINAL.pdf Kontaktdaten des Programmkoordinators: Conf. dr. Edit SZEGEDI, edit.szegedi@ubbcluj.ro Programmes enseignés dans plus d'une langue : Langue et littérature anglaises - langue et littérature roumaine/ langue et littérature hongroise/ langue et littérature moderne/langue latine/langue grecque ancienne/l'hébreu/littérature universelle comparée (Faculté des Lettres, 6 semestres, 3600 eur/an) Programme description: This academic programme focuses on developing advanced multilingual communication, translation, and intercultural mediation skills required in professional, institutional, and international environments. The programme ensures a high level of linguistic competence, reaching C2 proficiency in Romanian and B2/C1 proficiency in two international languages, according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages standards. Perspectives offered by the programme: Graduates of this programme can work as translators or linguistic mediators in public institutions, private companies, publishing houses, or international organisations. They can also pursue careers as interpreters or language specialists, facilitating communication between people from different linguistic and cultural backgrounds. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://lett.ubbcluj.ro/wpcontent/uploads/2025/12/Plan_inv_licenta_LMA_2025_2028_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: litereadmitereliniaromana@lett.ubbcluj.ro Langues modernes appliquées (Faculté des Lettres, 6 semestres, 3600 eur/an) Programme description: The Applied Modern Languages specialization allows students to study two foreign languages on an equal basis. The first language can be English or French, which can be combined with English, French, Spanish, German, or Italian as the second language . Perspectives offered by the programme: Relational skills in a range of organizational contexts such as various institutions, business enterprises, or NGOs and use of thematic as well as general and moderately specialised knowledge in the speciality area-related professional domains. Efficient communication in multilingual professional settings dealing with integration, negotiation, and linguistic and cultural mediation. Subjects studied within the programme: Information about the subjects and further details about the programme can be found on the following page of the faculty: https://lett.ubbcluj.ro/wp-content/uploads/2025/12/Plan_inv_licenta_LMA_2025_2028_FINAL.pdf Programme coordinator's contact details: litereadmitereliniaromana@lett.ubbcluj.ro Critères d`éligibilité Avant de commencer les formalités d`admission, vous devez vérifier si vous respecter les critères minimums d`éligibilité. Tous les critères doivent être respectés. diplôme de lycée, moyenne minimale requise : veuillez vérifier ici . des études de lycée dans un domaine qui correspond au programme choisi trois matières pertinentes figurant sur le relevé de notes de l'enseignement secondaire, pour chacune il faut avoir une note minimale de 60 % (sur 100) et correspondant au domaine d'études choisi pour le diplôme de licence. Par exemple : les diplômes de lycée en sciences humaines permettent l`accès aux études dans les domaines suivants : littérature, histoire, philosophie, théologie, psychologie, etc. Tu ne peux pas candidater pour les domaines suivants : ingénierie, chimie, physique, mathématiques, informatique, sciences économiques et business. les diplômes de lycée en sciences exactes et naturelles (mathématiques, chimie, physique, etc.) permettent l`accès aux études pour toutes les spécialisations. Afin de postuler au programme de Licence en Langues Modernes Appliquées, il est obligatoire de posséder des certificats attestant un niveau avancé dans deux langues modernes différentes et un niveau B2 en Roumain. Les options proposées sont : Anglais + Français, Anglais + Allemand, Anglais + Italien, Anglais + Espagnol, Français + Anglais, Français + Allemand, Français + Italien, Français + Espagnol. Attestation de langue acceptée par l`université, pour la langue du programme que vous voulez étudier. IL FAUT VÉRIFIER ICI LA LISTE DES ATTESTATIONS DE LANGUES Exception : les candidats provenant des pays dont la langue officielle est la même que la langue d`études du programme choisi. Pour plusieurs informations, nous vous prions de consulter ce document. Nous n`acceptons pas les certificats de langue délivrés par les lycées. Etapes et délais Documents nécessaires pour le dossier de candidature Formulaire d`inscription - disponible en ligne, sur la plateforme de candidature en ligne. Le formulaire d`inscription complet sera disponible dans la section Documents dans ton compte créé sur la plateforme, il faut le télécharger et le signer. Copie du passeport - valable pour au moins 8 mois à partir du moment où tu as envoyé ton dossier de candidature. Le diplôme de baccalauréat/de lycée - copie certifiée dans la langue originale et la traduction certifiée légalement (en roumain, anglais ou français, si l'original n'est pas délivré dans l'une de ces langues). Les certificats provisoires seront acceptés à condition que tu aies fini les études en 2025 ou 2026 . IL FAUT VÉRIFIER ICI LA LISTE DES CERTIFICATS ACCEPTÉS/LES CONDITIONS MINIMALES D`ADMISSION . Relevé de notes pour les études de lycée (toutes les années) - copie certifiée et traduction légalisée (en roumain, anglais ou français, si l'original n'est pas délivré dans l'une de ces langues). Lettre d'intention (max. une page A4, 200-300 mots). Veuillez consulter les exigences et les instructions ici . Attestation de langue acceptée par l`université IL FAUT VÉRIFIER ICI LA LISTE DES ATTESTATIONS DE LANGUES Certificat de naissance - copie certifiée et la traduction légalisée (en roumain, anglais ou français, si l'original n'est pas délivré dans l'une de ces langues). Le certificat médical (en roumain, anglais ou français, pas plus de 3 mois) attestant que le candidat ne souffre d'aucune maladie contagieuse ou d'autres affections incompatibles avec la profession envisagée. Reçu certifiant le paiement des frais de traitement du dossier (50 EUR, non-remboursable). À payer seulement après avoir complété le formulaire d`inscription. Copie certifiée - la copie du document original doit être certifiée/légalisée/reconnue par les autorités habilitées. Pour les pays qui sont membres de la Convention de la Haye, l`apostille de la Haye est sollicitée. Pour vérifier si votre pays est ou n`est pas membre de la Convention de la Haye, veuillez consulter ce document . La procédure d`admission Les candidats des pays tiers (Non-UE) doivent respecter les étapes suivantes : Lisez attentivement toutes les informations liées à la procédure d`admission ; Veuillez vérifier si vous avez tous les documents nécessaires et s`ils répondent aux critères requis (traductions, légalisations, période de validité etc.) ; pour l`instant, il ne faut pas payer la taxe pour le traitement du dossier ; Vérifiez votre éligibilité, en utilisant les fonctions de vérification mises à disposition par la plateforme d`admission ; vous n`avez pas besoin d`un compte pour cette opération ; Créez un compte dans la plateforme d`admission et notez les données de connexion car vous les utiliserez pendant toute la période d`admission, y compris pour solliciter du logement dans le campus universitaire (après avoir obtenu le visa). La création de plusieurs comptes pour la même personne est INTERDITE ! Les comptes doubles seront éliminés ! Lisez et respectez les instructions mentionnées dans la plateforme d`admission. Remplissez le formulaire de candidature en suivant les instructions de la tâche que vous recevrez. Vous disposez de 24 heures pour finaliser votre processus de demande d'admission (payez les frais de traitement et ajoutez le dossier d'admission). Les modifications ultérieures de la spécialisation ne sont pas autorisées. Toute modification du document généré par la plateforme entraînera la perte de la place sélectionnée. Après 24 heures, votre compte sera réinitialisé et vous devrez reprendre la candidature. Payez les frais de traitement (non remboursables) de votre dossier en suivant les instructions de la tâche que vous recevrez. Les frais de traitement vous donnent droit à deux vérifications de votre dossier de candidature. Si vous ajoutez un dossier pour la troisième fois (quelle que soit la raison, y compris le changement de spécialisation), vous devrez payer de nouveaux frais de traitement. Téléchargez et signez à la main le formulaire de candidature pré-rempli et assurez-vous que vous ajoutez toutes les pages. Téléchargez UN seul fichier PDF comprenant tous les documents d'admission requis de la section IV, en organisant les documents dans l'ordre mentionné ci-dessus. Les documents doivent être scannés avec la page supérieure tournée vers le haut, et l'écriture sur tous les documents doit être claire et facile à lire. Le dossier de candidature sera traité par l'université. Les dossiers acceptés seront envoyés au Ministère de l'Éducation pour l'évaluation finale. Durée totale du traitement - environ 40 jours ouvrables. L`université annoncera le candidat sur le traitement du dossier par le Ministère de l`Éducation : Pour les dossiers acceptés, la Lettre d`Acceptation sera ajoutée dans la plateforme d`admission. Veuillez lire attentivement le document Étapes à suivre après avoir obtenu la Lettre d`Acceptation. pour les dossiers en attente (aucune décision pour l`instant), le candidat recevra une tâche spécifique dans la plateforme d`admission. Pour les dossiers rejetés, le candidat sera annoncé dans la plateforme d`admission. Payez les frais de scolarité et ajoutez la preuve de paiement dans la plateforme. Vous disposez de 21 jours calendriers pour finaliser cette tâche. Après avoir reçu le montant correspondant aux frais de scolarité, l`université enverra et ajoutera dans la plateforme d`admission, une confirmation de paiement et d`hébergement. Candidatez pour le visa d`études aux ambassades roumaines. Le dossier de visa est une action personnelle et l`université ne peut pas intervenir dans ce processus. Nous conseillons tous les candidats de faire les démarches nécessaires pour l`obtention du visa dès qu`ils reçoivent la Lettre d`Acceptation et la confirmation de paiement/de logement. Ajoutez une copie de votre visa dans la plateforme d`admission. Vous recevrez d`accès dans la section Logement de la plateforme d`admission. Pour l`immatriculation à la faculté, le candidat doit soumettre les documents mentionnés dans la Lettre d`Acceptation et la confirmation de paiement (attestation reçue de notre part qui inclut la confirmation de paiement). Les candidats qui payent les frais de scolarité mais qui ne réussissent pas à s`immatriculer à la faculté quel que soit le motif (rejet visa, retrait de la candidature etc.), doit envoyer une sollicitation dans la plateforme d`admission pour le remboursement des frais de scolarité. Toute la correspondence avec les candidats se déroulera dans la plateforme d`admission. Nous vous prions d`attendre patiemment les résultats. Si vous avez des questions ou si vous voulez des explications concernant la procédure d`inscription aux études, nous vous invitons à participer aux sessions d`orientation en ligne, sur la plateforme Zoom: 24 mars 2026 - 13h00 - 15h00 (heure de Bucarest ) 14 avril 2026 - 13h00 - 14h00 (heure de Bucarest ) 14 mai 2026 - 13h00 - 14h00 (heure de Bucarest) 16 juin 2026 - 13h00 - 14h00 (heure de Bucarest) Vous trouverez ci-dessous le lien zoom pour les sessions d'orientation en ligne: https://zoom.us/j/91623515373?pwd=PqwhEpB9M6uEyOf72fTyRQ6Ajl8hfM.1 Meeting ID: 915 9542 7159 Pour plusieurs informations concernant le système d`enseignement supérieur en Roumanie nous vous conseillons de lire les guides suivants: Le guide de l`étudiant international https://cci.ubbcluj.ro/admission-international-students/candidates-from-other-countries/freshmens-guide-en-fr/ On-campus accommodation https://cci.ubbcluj.ro/admission-international-students/candidates-from-other-countries/on-campus-accommodation-en-fr/ Documents importants Offre académique pour les étudiants internationaux, Licence 2026 Download Certificats de compétences linguistiques Téléchargez Critères de sélection spécifique Téléchargez Lettre de motivation Download Latest News 🎓 Oportunitate de mobilitate: UCL, Londra! 🇬🇧 Transformative Storytelling: Stories that Connect Us. Guided Autobiography Summit 2026 Apel pentru stagii de schimb academic la Universitatea din Ehime, Japonia Apel mobilități la Universitatea Kanagawa, Japonia Oportunitate de mobilitate - Semestrul de primăvară 2027, Mexic 🇲🇽 GET IN TOUCH 0040264429762 68, Avram Iancu Street, RO-400083, Cluj-Napoca, Cluj, Romania cci@ubbcluj.ro Back to Top facebook youtube © 2026: Centrul de Cooperări Internaționale Protecția datelor cu caracter personal Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Grayscale High Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Links Underline Readable Font Reset