The contents of this admissions guide are subject to change in accordance with university policy. For the most up-to-date information, please refer to the latest version of the admissions guide available on the POSTECH Undergraduate International Admissions website (https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr). POSTECH University of the Pathfinders Transcending the boundaries of the world, we search for new paths. We are Postechians, who drive change and light the way of innovation. The First Bilingual Campus in Korea The First and Best Research-oriented University in Korea The World's Best Small Universities 2024 The Young University Ranking 2024 1 st 1 st 2 nd 9 th Top 100 in the 2026 QS Subject Rankings 26 th Materials Science 52 nd Physics & Astronomy 57 th Mechanical Engineering 57 th Chemical Engineering 58 th Chemistry International Undergraduate Admissions SPRING 2027 Contents 08 12 22 30 47 52 54 Academic Programs for Undergraduate Students Admissions Overview International Admissions Overseas Korean and International Admissions (재외국민과외국인전형) Authentication Documents & Application Fee Scholarship and Financial Aid Post-Admission Procedures and Support I II III IV V VI 58 61 Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Appendix Personal Statement Letter of Recommendation Academic History Record Form Supplementary Materials List Form Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records) Explanatory Statement Form [Overseas Korean track only] Applicant's Power of Attorney for Requesting Entry & Departure Record(s) Checklist for International Admissions Checklist for Overseas Korean and International Admissions OFFICE OF ADMISSIONS TEL. +82-54-279-3610 FAX. +82-54-279-3725 EMAIL. postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr WEBSITE. https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/ MAILING ADDRESS. POSTECH Under graduate Admissions, 77 Cheongam-Ro, Nam- Gu, Pohang, Gyeongbuk, Republic of Korea, 37673 WORKING HOURS. Monday to Friday (excluding holidays), 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM (KST) Academic Programs for Undergraduate Students International Undergraduate Admissions 8 All undergraduate students are admitted to the Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies, a non-declared major track. MUEUNJAE (Korean: 무은재, Chinese characters: 無垠齋) means 'there are no boundaries in knowledge. ' At POSTECH, students undergo an exploratory academic phase in the first three semesters before declaring a major that best aligns with their interests and goals. The School fosters convergent thinking, helps students adjust to university life, and supports their academic exploration through core and introductory courses. Students declare their major at the end of the third semester, before entering the fourth. Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies SOPHOMORE 4th Semester (Begin Coursework in Declared Major) SOPHOMORE 3rd Semester (Science & Technology Core Subjects) FRESHMEN 1st - 2nd Semester (Exploration of the 11 Majors) Spring 2027 9 Available Majors Research Area Mathematics https://math.postech.ac.kr/en Geometry & Topology Algebra & Number Theory Applied Mathematics and Statistics Analysis & Partial Differential Equations Physics https://ph.postech.ac.kr/physics/index.do Experimental Condensed Matter Physics Theoretical Condensed Matter Physics AMO Physics Biophysics/Complex Systems Plasma Physics/Accelerator Physics Particle Theory Ultrafast Science Chemistry https://chem.postech.ac.kr/EN/ Physical Chemistry Organic Chemistry Inorganic Chemistry Analytical Chemistry Polymer Chemistry Biochemistry Life Sciences https://life.postech.ac.kr/eng/html/main/main.php Structural Biology Immunology Molecular Medicine Neuroscience Plant Sciences Materials Science and Engineering https://mse.postech.ac.kr/en/ Energy Technology Information Technology Healthcare Technology Analytical·Computational Materials Science & Structural Materials Technology Mechanical Engineering https://me.postech.ac.kr/page/education013_en Nano/Microscale Engineering Biomedical Engineering Future Energy/Mobility Undergraduate Majors International Undergraduate Admissions 10 Available Majors Research Area Industrial & Management Engineering https://ime.postech.ac.kr/ime/index.do Business Analytics Smart Service Systems Systemic Risk Management Electrical Engineering https://eee.postech.ac.kr/ Solid State and Quantum Electronics Integrated Circuits and SoC Design Computer Engineering Communications and Signal Processing Control and Power Electronics Electromagnetics and Microwave Engineering Computer Science & Engineering https://cse.postech.ac.kr/csepostech/index.do Theory of Computing Computing Systems Computer Security Network Systems Software Engineering & Programming Languages Data Science Machine Learning Human-Computer Interaction Visual Computing Chemical Engineering https://ce.postech.ac.kr/eng/index.php Energy & Environment Biotechnology Material Computation & Systems Convergence IT Engineering* https://cite.postech.ac.kr/eng/ Smart Computing Smart Devices & Systems IT-based Future Healthcare * The Department of Convergence IT Engineering will transition into the Department of Biomedical Engineering. This change will apply to students admitted through the 2027 admissions cycle. Detailed information will be available on t he department website from September 2026 onward. * All international undergraduate students are admitted through a non-declared major track. Please note that the Department of Semiconductor Engineering is not included in this track and does not accept international students, including Overseas Korean track applicants. Spring 2027 11 Admissions Overview I Spring 2027 Admission Timeline Step Schedule (KST) and Remarks Online Application August 25 (Tue), 2026, 14:00 - September 2 (Wed), 2026, 17:00 Online Application: StudyinKorea website (https://www. studykorea.go.kr) → Plan your studies → Online application • The application link will be accessible only during the official application period. A non-refundable and non-waivable application fee of KRW 60,000 or USD 60 is required, and an examination number will be assigned upon completion of the payment. Applicants must upload the required original or notarized documents, including the personal statement, within the application period. • Submission of apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated documents is optional at this stage and may be made if already available. Recommendation Letter Submission August 25 (Tue), 2026, 14:00 - September 3 (Thu), 2026, 17:00 Please use the designated Letter of Recommendation form, which can be downloaded from the admissions website. Only recommendation letter submitted directly by the recommender via email to postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr will be accepted. Preliminary Admission Decision Announcement November 18 (Wed), 2026, 17:00 Announcement: POSTECH International Admissions Website. (https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr) → Apply → Admission Decision Applicants may check their preliminary admission results by entering their date of birth and examination number. Hardcopy Document Submission November 18 (Wed), 2026, 17:00 - December 8 (Tue), 2026, 17:00 Applicants who receive preliminary admission must ensure that the documents uploaded during the online application period are submitted to POSTECH by post in the required form by the designated deadline. Some documents may need to be submitted in their apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated form. • Preliminary admission may be revoked if the required documents are not received in full by the deadline. Spring 2027 13 Step Schedule (KST) and Remarks Final Admission Decision Announcement December 17 (Thu), 2026, 17:00 Announcement: POSTECH International Admissions Website. (https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr) → Apply → Admission Decision • Applicants may check their final admission results by entering their date of birth and examination number. Enrollment Confirmation and Registration December 18 (Fri), 2026, 10:00 - December 22 (Tue), 2026, 17:00 Detailed information regarding tuition waivers, student-related fee payment (non-refundable), visa issuance, additional document submission, and other related matters will be provided in the "Welcome Guide for Admitted Students, " available with the final admission results. Failure to complete enrollment confirmation and registration by the designated deadline will be deemed a withdrawal of enrollment. Semester Begins February 22 (Mon), 2027 The dormitory check-in and orientation week schedule will be announced later together with the final admission results. * All dates and times stated in this Admissions Guideline are based on Korea Standard Time (KST). * Important information and schedules related to admission are subject to change. Any updates will be announced on the official website: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr * The Fall 2027 intake is scheduled to open for applications in March-April 2027, and the application guidelines will be posted on the official website in January 2027. * To proceed with the final admission process, applicants who are preliminarily admitted must ensure that the required hardcopy documents are sent by postal mail to the Admissions Office and arrive by December 8, 2026. As processing times for Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication may vary by country, applicants are strongly advised to prepare the required documents in advance. * Applicants are required to check their admission results on the designated date via the POSTECH Admissions website (https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr), and shall be solely responsible for any disadvantages arising from failure to do so. * GKS embassy track admission details will be updated on the admissions website once NIIED announces the official implementation plan in September via StudyinKorea website. International Undergraduate Admissions 14 Application Procedures * I t is the applicant's sole responsibility to review all application requirements and to ensure that all required documents are accurate, complete, and submitted on time. * Preliminary and final admission results will be announced and can be checked online at https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/result/index.do using the examination number issued upon completion of the application and payment. STEP 1 Online Application Submission (via StudyinKorea website) * Personal statement and required documents must be uploaded. STEP 2 Application Fee Payment (KRW 60,000 or USD 60) * Once the payment is completed, the application cannot be withdrawn. STEP 3 Ensure the designated recommender sends the letter directly to postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr by September 3 (Thu), 2026, 17:00. STEP 4 Applicants who are preliminarily admitted must submit the required documents by post to the Admissions Office. * Must be received by December 8, 2026. STEP 5 Admitted students who receive the final offer must complete enrollment confirmation and registration within the designated period. * Detailed instructions will be provided in the "Welcome Guide for Admitted Students. " Spring 2027 15 * POSTECH does not accept transfer applications. All applicants must apply for first-year undergraduate admission. * Applicants holding no Korean nationality, with both parents also holding no Korean nationality, are strongly encouraged to apply through International Admissions. * Academic credentials such as the GED, homeschooling, online or distance learning programs are not considered equivalent to a high school diploma. Eligibility Admission Type Eligibility International Admissions Both applicants and their parents must hold non-Korean citizenship. • The applicant and both parents must have held only foreign citizenship before the applicant entered high school, and must not have held dual citizenship with Korea thereafter. Applicants must have graduated from high school or be expected to graduate by February 2027. * Article 29(2)6 of the Enforcement Decree of the Higher Education Act. Overseas Korean and International Admissions (재외국민과외국인전형) Applicants must have completed a full regular curriculum equivalent to elementary, middle, and high school entirely outside Korea. Applicants must have graduated, or be expected to graduate from a high school outside Korea by February 2027. * Article 29(2)7 of the Enforcement Decree of the Higher Education Act. Documents should be mailed to Office of POSTECH Admissions, Pohang University of Science and Technology Tae-Joon Park Digital Library #231, 77 Cheongam-Ro, Nam-gu, Pohang, Gyeongbuk, Republic of Korea, 37673 Tel. +82 54 279 3626, 3629 Fax. +82 54 279 3725 Email. postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr International Undergraduate Admissions 16 Document Review Only Admission decisions are made based on the applicant's academic strengths and potential. There is no fixed quota, and candidates are selected through a comprehensive review of the submitted documents only. STEP 1 Online Application Submission STEP 2 Document Review STEP 3 Preliminary Admission Decision STEP 4 Hardcopy Document Submission STEP 5 Final Admission Decision STEP 6 Registration (Enrollment Completion) STEP 7 Visa Issuance STEP 8 Semester Begins Admission Process Spring 2027 17 ➊ Academic Achievement Qualifications based on science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) subjects and English language proficiency. * Applicants' academic achievements are evaluated based on the level of coursework completed in mathematics and science, the quality of their performance, and the academic profiles of the institutions they attended. ➋ Potentiality • Qualities and skills in STEM fields • Academic enthusiasm and attitude • Interpersonal skills, character, and community engagement Evaluation Criteria PotentialityAcademic Achievement International Undergraduate Admissions 18 Important Notes Submission of Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication documents is not required at the time of application. However, applicants who are preliminarily admitted must ensure that documents bearing Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication are received by POSTECH by post no later than December 8 for final admission. As processing times may vary by country, applicants are strongly advised to prepare them in advance. Preliminary and final admission results will be announced and can be checked online at https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/result/index.do using the examination number issued upon completion of the application and payment. POSTECH reserves the right to revoke an offer of admission or terminate a student's registration if it is later discovered that any of the following has occurred (including but not limited to): - Failure to submit a final graduation certificate and academic transcript, duly apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated within 15 days after enrollment, where applicable at the time of application. - E nrollment in another university without formal withdrawal prior to POSTECH's semester start date (considered dual enrollment). - Failure to confirm enrollment and complete registration within the designated period, which will be regarded as withdrawal of the admission offer. - Submission of false or misleading information, alteration or falsification of documents, or omission of material information. Admission offers are valid only for the semester applied for and admitted to, and cannot be deferred or carried over. The application fee is non-refundable and non-waivable , and payment is required to complete the online application. Once the payment is completed, the application cannot be withdrawn. No information regarding eligibility assessment results, reasons for nonselection, applicant numbers, acceptance rates, or evaluation results will be disclosed. All submitted documents, including originals (e.g., apostilled or Korean consular authenticated documents) and notarized copies, will not be returned regardless of the enrollment or registration decision. Spring 2027 19 Eligibility Document Requirements and Authentication POSTECH does NOT accept transfer applications. All applicants must apply only for first-year undergraduate admission. Applicants may not transfer between admission tracks during the application process. Multiple applications across different tracks (e.g., International Admissions and the Global Korea Scholarship) are not permitted, and such cases will result in disqualification. Applicants are not eligible to apply through the International Admissions track if they or either of their parents hold South Korean citizenship. * Such applicants, including those with dual nationality, must apply as South Korean nationals in accordance with the Nationality Act of the Republic of Korea. Applicants holding no Korean nationality (with both parents also holding no Korean nationality), regardless of whether they have studied in Korea or abroad, are strongly encouraged to apply via International Admissions. Academic credentials such as the GED, homeschooling, online or distance learning programs, or similar alternatives are not considered equivalent to a high school diploma and do not meet the eligibility criteria. The recognition of high school graduation from overseas institutions will be based on a comprehensive review of the educational system and academic calendar of the respective country. POSTECH does not conduct pre-screening of applicants or provide advance determinations of eligibility or admission chances prior to the formal application review process. It is the applicant's sole responsibility to review all application requirements and to ensure that all required documents are accurate, complete, and submitted on time. Failure to submit required documents within the application period will result in disqualification. Incomplete or unidentifiable files (e.g., encrypted or unreadable files) will be considered not submitted. Applicants must verify their uploads after submission. Applicants under Overseas Korean and International Admissions who are expected to graduate must submit an updated Entry & Departure Record(s) of Korea including the graduation date within 15 days after the start of the first semester. All submitted documents must match the applicant's valid passport information, including full name (in English spelling), date of birth, and nationality. International Undergraduate Admissions 20 All documents must be written in Korean or English. Documents issued in other languages must be accompanied by a notarized translation into Korean or English. Documents requiring Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication (e.g., transcripts and graduation certificates/diplomas) must be submitted by post in their original authenticated form . Reissued, certified, or notarized copies of the authenticated documents will not be accepted. For Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication documents, the original set must be submitted intact with original page order and binding preserved. Removal of staples or separation of pages is not permitted to ensure the authenticity and integrity of documents. For non-Korean applicants, academic documents issued in countries that are parties to the Apostille Convention must bear Apostille certification. For Korean overseas schools accredited by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Korea (교육부 인가 재외한국학교) , the transcript and certificate of enrollment may be substituted with the official School Record (학교생활기록부). Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication is not required. Admitted students may be required to submit additional documents with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication , depending on their (expected) graduation date. For details, please refer to Section IV, "Authentication Documents & Application Fee" - "Important Information Regarding the Timing of Document Submission. " Additional documents may be requested if the submitted documents are insufficient or require further review. Failure to submit the requested documents by the specified deadline may result in an incomplete application. Important notices (e.g., registration guides or document requests) will be sent via email. Applicants must ensure that the provided email address remains active and is checked regularly, including the spam folder. Do not staple hard copy documents unless originally stapled by the issuing institution. Use paper clips or other removable fasteners instead. POSTECH does not issue individual notifications regarding the receipt status of submitted documents. Applicants must use a traceable postal service (e.g., registered mail or DHL) and are responsible for confirming delivery of all mailed documents. Submission Requirements and Procedures Spring 2027 21 International Admissions II Eligibility Both the applicant and their parents must hold only foreign citizenship. • Applicants are ineligible if they or either parent currently hold Korean nationality or dual citizenship that includes Korean nationality. * The applicant and both parents must have held only foreign citizenship before the applicant entered high school and must not have acquired or retained Korean nationality thereafter. • Applicants of Korean origin must submit official proof of renunciation of Korean nationality if they or their parent(s) previously held and have since renounced Korean nationality. * The applicant and both parents must have lost their Korean nationality before the applicant entered high school. Applicants must have graduated or be expected to graduate from high school by February 2027. • Only applicants holding high school qualifications from government-authorized institutions are eligible. * Documents marked with an asterisk ( *) must be submitted by post and must arrive by December 8 after receiving the preliminary admission decision. English language proficiency test scores and standardized test scores must be submitted through official score reporting systems, where available. Requirements Mandatory Optional (Recommended) Online Application Form Personal Statement Recommendation Letter English Language Proficiency Test Score* Academic History Record Form Checklist for International Admissions Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records) Official High School Graduation (or Expected) Certificate* Official High School Transcript (All Years)* Proof of Nationality for Applicant and Parents* Proof of Applicant's Family Relationship* Standardized Test Scores* (SAT, AP , IB, ACT, GCE A-Level, 高考, etc.) Supplementary Materials ( Honors, Awards, Volunteer Work, Club Activities, etc.) High School Profile TOPIK Scores* Explanatory Statement Form Spring 2027 23 Documents Details All documents must be submitted online in PDF format, either in English (recommended) or Korean, within the application period. * Refer to the StudyinKorea website and https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr for application details and forms. Online Application Form Must be completed and submitted through the online application portal (StudyinKorea). Personal Statement To be submitted alongside the Application Form on the online application website. * Refer to the questions and character limits in the Appendix. Recommendation Letter Only ONE recommendation letter will be considered, using the official POSTECH recommendation form. The letter should be submitted directly by the recommender no later than the submission deadline. The recommender must not copy (cc) or include the applicant as a recipient, and the contents of the letter must not be shared with the applicant. Email: postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr • The applicant must accurately enter the recommender's email address in the Checklist form and provide the recommendation letter template to the recommender. • The recommender must use an official high school email address whenever possible. If such an account is not available, Gmail or Yahoo addresses are recommended. The recommender should be one of the following: an academic advisor, homeroom teacher, or a math/science teacher familiar with the applicant's academic performance. * Refer to the questions provided in the Appendix. All required documents must be uploaded as PDF files (maximum 15MB per file). Certain documents, such as original, notarized, or authenticated copies, must be submitted by post after receiving a preliminary admission decision by December 8, in order to receive a final offer. Applicants are strongly advised to read the instructions carefully. All dates and times stated in this Admissions Guideline are based on Korea Standard Time (KST). A. MANDATORY International Undergraduate Admissions 24 English Language Proficiency Test Score TOEFL, TEPS, IELTS, and TOEIC Only Only the following test types are accepted: IELTS Academic, TEPS, TOEFL iBT and TOEIC Listening & Reading. * The following are not accepted: IELTS General Training, IELTS Indicator, IELTS One Skill Retake, TOEFL Essentials, TOEFL Home Edition, and TOEFL MyBest Scores There is no minimum score requirement; however, the following scores are recommended: IELTS 6.5, TEPS 327, TOEFL iBT 83 (4.0+), TOEIC 800 Test scores must be from exams taken within two years of the online application deadline. Upload a PDF copy of the test score via the online application. For tests that support score reporting, official score reports must also arrive by the application deadline. Academic History Record Form Academic history, schooling details, and a brief overview of the education system must be provided. Any irregularities in the applicant's schooling history must also be explained, if applicable. Checklist for International Admissions Applicants are required to use this checklist to review and indicate all required, optional (recommended), and additional documents according to their applicable admissions track. [English Proficiency Test Score Exemption] Submission of an English proficiency test score is not required if either of the following conditions is met: 1) Applicants who have attended a high school where English was the primary language of instruction and can submit an official Medium of Instruction (MOI) letter issued by the high school. 2) The applicant holds citizenship of the following countries: Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, United Kingdom, United States * In both cases, exemption eligibility will be determined based on official documents and the applicant's educational background. However, applicants who meet the above exemption conditions may still choose to submit an official English language proficiency test score if they wish. POSTECH Institution Code: • ETS (TOEFL): 0329 • IELTS: Search for the institution and select 'POSTECH' or 'Pohang University of Science and Technology' as the recipient. Spring 2027 25 Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records) Applicants must report all high schools attended, including any attended due to transfer. A separate "Verification of Academic Records" form must be submitted for each school attended. The Registrar's Verification section does not need to be completed at the time of submission. POSTECH will contact the registrar directly, if necessary, to verify the applicant's academic records. Proof of Academic Background * Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication is required and must be submitted both online (PDF) and by post after receiving the preliminary admission decision. * Applicants expecting to graduate must submit additional authenticated documents upon graduation. For details, please refer to Section IV, "Authentication Documents & Application Fee" . Official High School Graduation (or Expected) Certificate The graduation (or expected graduation) date must be clearly indicated in a consistent format (e.g., YYYY/MM/DD). If issuance is not possible due to school policy or other official reasons, a Certificate of Enrollment or an official letter issued by the school may be submitted instead. The document must clearly state the applicant's date of enrollment and exact expected graduation date. Applicants graduating from high schools in China must submit a graduation (or expected graduation) certificate with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication, and must also submit a Verification Report of the China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate issued by CHSI (China Higher Education Student Information) upon preliminary admission (see p. 50 for details). Official High School Transcript (All Y ears) Transcripts must be submitted for all semesters from all high schools attended. Applicants may submit up-to-date high school transcripts at the time of application, including predicted scores (for IB or GCE curricula only). Final official high school transcripts, apostilled or Korean consularauthenticated, as well as relevant official score reports or certificates, must be submitted promptly upon receipt. * Significant discrepancies between the submitted and final academic transcripts may result in revocation of admission. International Undergraduate Admissions 26 Proof of Nationality and Family Relationship * Original or equivalent official documents must be submitted by post after receiving a preliminary admission decision. Proof of Nationality for Applicant and Parents A copy of a valid (unexpired) passport for the applicant and each parent is recommended. If a valid passport is not available, one of the following must be submitted: • A notarized copy of a national ID or certificate of nationality, or • An original Certificate of Alien Registration issued by Korean Immigration Office, or • [for Chinese nationals only] A notarized Certificate of Nationality (国籍证明书) issued by a Chinese Notary (公证处) , after March 1, 2026. * Chinese Family Registration (戶口簿) and ID cards are not accepted. If the applicant or a parent has acquired or renounced Korean nationality, official documents indicating the date and legal status must be submitted. (e.g., a Certificate of Family Registry clearly stating the renunciation, loss, or withdrawal of Korean nationality by the applicant or their parent(s), 국적상실사실확인증명 issued from Korean Consulate or 국적이탈사실확인증명 issued from Ministry of Justice.) * Submission receipts or declarations (국적상실 이탈 사실신고 접수증 및 신고서) are not accepted. Dual nationals must submit documentation (passport copies or nationality certificates) for all nationalities held. In cases of single-parent families, parental divorce, or parental death, only the nationality certificate of the parent with legal parental authority may be submitted. Supporting documentation confirming the relevant family status must also be provided. • Single-parent families : Certificate of single-parent status, family relationship certificate (or birth certificate) indicating custodial status • Divorce: Divorce decree or agreement specifying parental rights and custody arrangements • Death: Death certificate Proof of Applicant's Family Relationship Submit an official or equivalent birth certificate issued by the relevant authority showing the names of both the applicant and the parents. For Chinese nationals, both a Notarized Certificate of Kinship (亲属关系证明公证本) - issued after March 1, 2026 - and a Notarized Household Register (居民户口簿公证本) must be submitted. Other official documents confirming the parent-child relationship (e.g., Certificate of Family Relations, Citizenship Certificate) may be submitted in place of the applicant's birth certificate. Spring 2027 27 Applicants are encouraged to submit one or more of the following: official test score reports such as SAT, AP , IB, ACT, GCE A-Level, high school leaving exam results, or certificates from international academic competitions (e.g., Olympiads). * For high school leaving exam results, applicants are also encouraged to provide a brief explanation of the grading system or assessment structure of the relevant national curriculum. Official test scores for SAT, AP , IB, and ACT must be submitted directly by the testing agency through score reporting. * MyBest scores or Superscores are not accepted. * Strong performance in mathematics and science is highly valued. 1 Standardized Test Scores (SAT, AP , IB, ACT, GCE A-Level, etc.) Applicants may list up to 10 items of honors, awards, and extracurricular activities during high school in order of importance using the designated form (Supplementary Materials List Form), and each item must be supported by relevant documents or other verifiable evidence (e.g., certificates or testimonials). Supporting documents may be submitted as supplementary materials of up to 30 one-sided pages in total. 2 Supplementary Materials (Honors, Awards, Volunteer Work, Club Activities, etc.) Submission of an official high school profile, brochure, or introduction issued by the applicant's school or Ministry of Education is strongly recommended (up to 5 pages). Additional materials such as the school's official website, GPA/grading system, college acceptance statistics, or any other relevant information that may help the Admissions Committee better understand the applicant's academic environment may also be included. 3 High School Profile B. OPTIONAL (Recommended) POSTECH Institution Code: • SAT & AP: 7228 • IB: 003694 • ACT: 8253 International Undergraduate Admissions 28 Applicants may submit their TOPIK scores, and no minimum score is required. Test scores must be from exams taken within two years of the online application deadline. 4 TOPIK Scores Applicants who need to clarify any admission-related matters must submit an explanatory statement (in English or Korean) using the designated explanatory statement form, along with official or verifiable supporting documents, during the application period. The statement must specify the relevant category, including but not limited to: • Regarding the applicant's nationality • Regarding the parent(s)' nationality • Regarding the parent-child relationship • Regarding academic history, enrollment record, and credentials • Regarding language proficiency test scores • Regarding Entry & Departure Record(s), including any stay in Korea of 30 consecutive days or more during a semester (for Overseas Korean track applicants only) • Others (specify) 5 Explanatory Statement Form Spring 2027 29 Overseas Korean and International Admissions (재외국민과외국인전형) III Eligibility Applicants who have completed their entire standard education curriculum OUTSIDE Korea must satisfy all of the following criteria: ➊ Completion of an education program equivalent to Korea's full elementary and secondary education (grades 1-12), entirely outside Korea . ➋ Graduates or prospective graduates of overseas high schools. Applicants must have graduated or be expected to graduate from high school by February 2027. • A high school diploma must be obtained, or expected to be obtained, no lat er than February 2027. * Applicants are not eligible if they have attended international or foreign schools located in Korea, or schools not accredited by the government of the country where they are located. Educational Completion Requirements Applicants are generally required to complete a full 12 years of education equivalent to the Korean curriculum. However, a shortfall of up to one semester (6 months) may be accepted due to unavoidable differences in educational systems. * The total period of study must be at least 11 years and 6 months (23 semesters). In cases where early graduation or grade skipping is allowed under the education laws or policies of the country in which the applicant completed their studies, the resulting shortfall in semesters may be exceptionally recognized. * Grade skipping due to school transfer is NOT accepted. Overlapping enrollment in the same grade or semester is generally not recognized. • Overlapping semesters resulting from differences in educational systems will be recognized only if enrollment was continuous (multiple overlaps allowed). • One missed semester may be compensated for by one overlapping semester. • In cases of two or more consecutive overlapping semesters, one missed semester may be substituted. • All cases involving overlapping or missing semesters will be reviewed comprehensively during the eligibility assessment. Any indication of manipulation or abuse will result in disqualification of the relevant period. Spring 2027 31 [Example of Recognized Overlapping or Missed Semesters Due to Differences in Academic Systems] (Recognized as overlapping semester) (Recognized as overlapping semester) (Recognized as missed semester) Academic Year 1st Year 2nd Year 3rd Year 4th Year 5th Year 6th Year 7th Year 8th Year 9th Year 10th Year 11th Year 12th Year Semester 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 School A School B Missed Missed Missed Requirements Mandatory Optional (Recommended) Online Application Form Personal Statement Recommendation Letter English Language Proficiency Test Score* Academic History Record Form Checklist for Overseas Korean and International Admissions Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records) Official High School Graduation (or Expected) Certificate* Official Academic Transcripts for Elementary, Middle, and High School (All Years)* Certificate of Attendance/Enrollment for Elementary, Middle, and High School (All Years)* Proof of Nationality for Applicant* Applicant's Passport Issuance Record* Applicant's Entry & Departure Record(s) of Korea* Applicant's Power of Attorney for Requesting Entry & Departure Record(s)* Standardized Test Scores* (SAT, AP , IB, ACT, GCE A-Level, 高考, etc.) Supplementary Materials ( Honors , Awards, Volunteer Work, Club Activities, etc.) High School Profile School Calendar TOPIK Scores* Explanatory Statement Form * Documents marked with an asterisk ( *) must be submitted by post and must arrive by December 8, after receiving the preliminary admission decision. English language proficiency test scores and standardized test scores must be submitted through official score reporting systems, where available. International Undergraduate Admissions 32 A. MANDATORY Documents Details All documents must be submitted online in PDF format, either in English (recommended) or Korean, within the application period. * Refer to the StudyinKorea website and https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr for application details and forms. Online Application Form M ust be completed and submitted through the online application portal (StudyinKorea). Personal Statement T o be submitted alongside the Application Form on the online ap plication website. * Refer to the questions and character limits in the Appendix. Recommendation Letter Only ONE recommendation letter will be considered, using the official POSTECH recommendation form. The letter should be submitted directly to email address below by the recommender no later than the submission deadline. The recommender must not copy (cc) or include the applicant as a recipient, and the contents of the letter must not be shared with the applicant. Email: postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr • The applicant must accurately enter the recommender's email address in the Checklist form and provide the recommendation letter template to the recommender. • The recommender must use an official high school email address whenever possible. If such an account is not available, Gmail or Yahoo addresses are recommended. The recommender should be one of the following: an academic advisor, homeroom teacher, or a math/science teacher familiar with the applicant's academic performance. * Refer to the questions provided in the Appendix. All required documents must be uploaded as PDF files (maximum 15MB per file). Certain documents, such as original, notarized, or authenticated copies, must be submitted by post after receiving a preliminary admission decision by December 8 in order to receive a final offer. Applicants are strongly advised to read the instructions carefully. All dates and times stated in this Admissions Guideline are based on Korea Standard Time (KST). Spring 2027 33 English Language Proficiency Test Score TOEFL, TEPS, IELTS, and TOEIC Only Only the following test types are accepted: IELTS Academic, TEPS, TOEFL iBT and TOEIC Listening & Reading. * T he following are not accepted: IELTS General Training, IELTS Indicator, IELTS One Skill Retake, TOEFL Essentials, TOEFL Home Edition, and TOEFL MyBest Scores There is no minimum score requirement; however, the following scores are recommended: IELTS 6.5, TEPS 327, TOEFL iBT 83 (4.0+), and TOEIC 800 Test scores must be from exams taken within two years of the online application deadline. Upload a PDF copy of the test score via the online application. For tests that support score reporting, official score reports must also arrive by the application deadline. Academic History Record Form Academic history, schooling details, and a brief overview of the education system must be provided. Any irregularities in the applicant's schooling history must also be explained, if applicable. Checklist for Overseas Korean and International Admissions A pplicants are required to use this checklist to review and indicate all required, optional (recommended), and additional documents according to their applicable admissions track. Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records) Applicants must report all schools attended from elementary through high school, including any attended due to transfer. A separate "Verification of Academic Records" form must be submitted for each school. [English Proficiency Test Score Exemption] Submission of an English proficiency test score is not required if either of the following conditions is met: 1) Applicants who have attended a high school where English was the primary language of instruction and can submit an official Medium of Instruction (MOI) letter issued by the high school 2) T he applicant holds citizenship of the following countries: Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, United Kingdom, United States * In both cases, relevant supporting documents must be submitted, and exemption eligibility will be determined based on official documents and the applicant's educational background. POSTECH Institution Code: • ETS (TOEFL): 0329 • I EL TS: S earch for the institution and select 'POSTECH' or 'Pohang University of Science and Technology' as the recipient. International Undergraduate Admissions 34 Proof of Academic Background * Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication is required and must be submitted both online (PDF) and by post after receiving the preliminary admission decision. * Applicants expecting to graduate must submit additional authenticated documents upon graduation. For details, please refer to Section IV, "Authentication Documents & Application Fee" . Official High School Graduation (or Expected) Certificate The graduation (or expected graduation) date must be clearly indicated in a consistent format (e.g., YYYY/MM/DD). If issuance is not possible due to school policy or other official reasons, a Certificate of Enrollment or an official letter issued by the school may be submitted instead. The document must clearly state the applicant's date of enrollment and exact expected graduation date. Applicants who do not hold Korean nationality graduating from high schools in China must submit a graduation (or expected graduation) certificate with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication, and must also submit a Verification Report of the China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate issued by CHSI (China Higher Education Student Information) upon preliminary admission (see p. 50 for details). Official Transcripts for Elementary, Middle, and High School (All Y ears) Transcripts must be submitted for all semesters from all schools attended. Applicants may submit up-to-date high school transcripts at the time of application, including predicted scores (for IB or GCE curricula only). Final official high school transcripts, apostilled or Korean consularauthenticated, as well as relevant official score reports or certificates, must be submitted promptly upon receipt. * Significant discrepancies between the submitted and final academic transcripts may result in revocation of admission. Highlight the academic year/semester, and write the corresponding label (e.g., G1-1, Y2-1) on the top-right corner of the first page of each semester. Certificate of Attendance/ Enrollment for Elementary, Middle, and High School (All Y ears) Certificates must indicate the start and end dates of each semester and grade in a consistent format (e.g., YYYY/MM/DD). • Include transfer-in and transfer-out dates, if applicable. • If the official document does not specify semester dates, attach a school calendar with the relevant dates clearly marked. If an official certificate cannot be issued, submit either a transcript or an official school letter indicating the period of enrollment. If the applicant has skipped grades or graduated early, such information must be stated in the "Academic History Record Form, " with supporting documentation. Spring 2027 35 Proof of Nationality and Entry & Departure Record(s) * Original or equivalent official documents must be submitted by post after receiving a preliminary admission decision. Copy of Applicant's Nationality Proof Submit a valid passport copy of the applicant. Dual nationals must submit documentation (passport copies or nationality certificates) for all nationalities held. If the applicant does not possess a passport, submit a notarized copy of a national ID or certificate of nationality. Applicant's Passport Issuance Record Submit a passport issuance record issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Applicant's Entry & Departure Record(s) of Korea Submit a complete Entry & Departure Record(s) from birth to graduation date (or issuance date for expected graduates). The certificate must be issued within 2 months prior to the application deadline and must clearly show the 13-digit Resident Registration Number or passport number. Applicants expected to graduate must submit an updated Entry & Departure Record(s) of Korea including the graduation date within 15 days after the start of the first semester. If the passport number differs from that on the certificate, submit either a previous passport copy or the passport issuance record from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Dual nationals or those who have acquired a foreign nationality must submit Entry & Departure Record(s) for each nationality. Applicants without Korean nationality may submit official documents verifying the entire period of elementary, middle, and high school enrollment in place of the official Entry & Departure Record(s). If the applicant resided in Korea for 30 consecutive days or more during any academic semester, submit a statement of reason and supporting documents. If the record begins with blank entries, submit additional documentation according to the reason: • If using a companion's passport, submit the companion's passport copy and their Entry & Departure Record(s). • If born abroad, submit a detailed Basic Certificate. Applicant's Power of Attorney for Requesting Entry & Departure Record(s) Submit the completed Application for Certificate of Fact (Entry & Departure Record(s)) form * Refer to the Appendix: [Appendix Form No. 138-2] of the Enforcement Rule of the Immigration Control Act. International Undergraduate Admissions 36 B. OPTIONAL (Recommended) A pplicants are encouraged to submit one or more of the following: official test score reports such as SAT, AP , IB, ACT, GCE A-Level, high school leaving exam results or certificates from international academic competitions (e.g., Olympiads). * For high school leaving exam results, applicants are also encouraged to provide a brief explanation of the grading system or assessment structure of the relevant national curriculum. O fficial test scores for SAT, AP , IB, and ACT must be submitted directly by the testing agency through score reporting. * M yBest scores or Superscores are not accepted. * Strong performance in mathematics and science is highly valued. 1 Standardized Test Scores (SAT, AP , IB, ACT, GCE A-Level, etc.) POSTECH Institution Code: • SA T & AP: 7228 • IB: 003694 • A CT: 8253 A pplicants may list up to 10 items of honors, awards, and extracurricular activities during high school in order of importance using the designated form (Supplementary Materials List Form), and each item must be supported by relevant documents or other verifiable evidence (e.g., certificates or testimonials). Suppor ting documents may be submitted as supplementary materials of up to 30 one-sided pages in total. 2 Supplementary Materials (Honors, Awards, Volunteer Work, Club Activities, etc.) Submission of an official high school pr ofile, brochure, or introduction issued by the applicant's school or Ministry of Education is strongly recommended (up to 5 pages). A dditional materials such as the school's official website, GPA/grading system, college acceptance statistics, or any other relevant information that may help the Admissions Committee better understand the applicant's academic environment may also be included. 3 High School Profile Spring 2027 37 Submission of the school calendar for all grades and semesters is strongly recommended. However, submission of the school calendar for the relevant grade(s)/semester(s) is mandatory in the following case: 1) I f the Certificate of Attendance/Enrollment does not clearly specify the start and end dates of each semester 2) If the applicant enrolled after the official start date of the semester 3) If the applicant transferred in or out during the semester 4) I f the applicant stayed in Korea for 30 consecutive days or more (including weekends and holidays) during the semester The official start and end dates of each semester must be clearly marked on the calendar. I f the school calendar is not in Korean or English, or if the official start and end dates of each semester are not clearly indicated, key dates (e.g., semester start and end dates, vacation periods) must be labeled or annotated directly on the document. A notarized translation is not required. 4 School Calendar Applicants may submit their TOPIK scores, and no minimum score is required. T est scores must be from exams taken within two years of the online application deadline. 5 TOPIK Scores Applicants who need to clarify any admission-related matters must submit an explanatory statement (in English or Korean) using the designated explanatory statement form, along with official or verifiable supporting documents, during the application period. The statement must specify the relevant category, including but not limited to: • Regarding the applicant's nationality • Regarding academic history, enrollment record, and credentials • Regarding language proficiency test scores • Regarding Entry & Departure Record(s), including any stay in Korea of 30 consecutive days or more during a semester (for Overseas Korean track applicants only) • Others (specify) 6 Explanatory Statement Form International Undergraduate Admissions 38 재외국민과외국인전형 (Overseas Korean and International Admissions) III 지원자격 국외에서 한국의 초·중·고등학교 교육과정에 상응하는 정규 교육과정을 전부 이수한 자로서 아래 조건을 모두 충족해야 함 가. 「고등교육법 시행령」 제29조제2항제7호에 따른 대상자로 외국에서 우리나라 초·중등교육에 상응하는 교육과정을 전부 이수한 자 나. 해외 고등학교 졸업(예정)자 지원자는 2027년 2월까지 해외 고등학교를 졸업했거나 졸업 예정이어야 하며, 해당 시점까지 졸업장을 취득하거나 취득 예정이어야 함 다음의 경우 지원 불가 : • 한국 내 국제학교 또는 외국인학교 재학 • 해당 학교가 위치한 국가의 정부기관으로부터 인가를 받지 않은 학교 재학 [유의사항] 학력 이수 요건 지원자는 한국 교육과정에 상응하는 총 12년의 정규 교육과정을 해외에서 이수해야 함 학제가 다른 2개 학교 이상에서 12년 이상의 초·중등과정을 이수한 자가 전·편입학하는 과정에서 학제 차이로 불가피하게 총 재학기간이 누락된 경우 1학기(6개월) 이내에서 예외적으로 인정함 해당국의 교육관계 법령 등에 의한 학제 상 월반 또는 조기졸업제도가 허용된 경우, 초·중·고 12년 과정 중 월반 또는 조기졸업으로 인하여 부족하게 된 학기는 예외적으로 인정함(전·편입학 시 월반은 미인정) 동일 학년(학기) 중복 수료로 인한 수학 기간은 원칙적으로 인정하지 않음 Spring 2027 39 필수 선택(권장) 온라인 지원서 자기소개서 교사추천서 영어 공인어학성적* 수학기록표 전형별 체크리스트 학력조회동의서 및 의뢰서 고등학교 졸업(예정)증명서* 초·중·고등학교 성적증명서(전 학년)* 초·중·고등학교 재학증명서(전 학년)* 지원자의 국적 증명* 지원자의 여권 발급 기록 증명서* 지원자의 출입국에 관한 사실증명* 지원자의 출입국사실증명 발급·열람 신청서(위임장)* 표준화학력시험 성적* ( SA T, AP, IB, ACT, GCE A-Level, 高考 등) 전형참고자료 (수상, 활동, 봉사, 동아리 등) 출신 고등학교 소개자료(School Profile) 학사 일정표(School Calendar) TOPIK 성적* 사유서 및 증빙서류 ※ (*) 표시된 서류는 예비 합격 발표 후 12월 8일까지 우편으로 제출 및 도착 필수. 영어 공인어학성적 및 표준화학력시험 성적은 score reporting이 지원되는 시험의 경우 공식 score reporting 시스템을 통해 제출해야 함 제출 서류 [중복 관련 지원자격 충족 사례] (D: 국내학교, A: 외국학교) 학년 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 학기 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 재학 기간 D D D D D D D D D D D D A A A A 누락 A A A A 누락 누락 A A A 중복학기 G2-2로 G4-2 대체 가능 중복학기 G7-1로 G9-1 대체 가능 G11-1 학제차이로 인한 누락으로 인정 ※ 학제차이로 인한 경우에 한함 단, 학제차이로 인한 중복은 재학이 연속적인 경우에 한하여 인정함(복수 발생 인정 가능) • 누락된 학기는 중복된 1개 학기로 대체할 수 있음 • 2개 학기 이상 연속된 중복 학기의 경우 누락된 1개 학기로 대체할 수 있음 • 중복·결손 학기 인정 여부는 제출 서류를 종합 검토하여 부정·편법으로 판단되는 경우 인정하지 않을 수 있음 International Undergraduate Admissions 40 A. 필수 제출 서류 서류 상세 • 모든 서류는 지원 기간 내에 영어(권장) 또는 한국어로 PDF 형식으로 온라인 제출 • 지원 세부사항 및 양식은 Study in Korea 웹사이트 및 https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr 참고 온라인 지원서 온라인 지원 포털(StudyinKorea)을 통해 작성 및 제출 자기소개서 (Personal Statement) 온라인 지원 사이트 상 제출 ※ 부록(Appendix) 내 자기소개서 양식 및 문항별 글자 수 제한 참고 교사추천서 (Recommendation Letter) 공식 POSTECH 추천서 양식을 사용한 추천서 1부만 평가에 반영됨 추천서는 제출 마감 기한 내 추천인이 아래 이메일 주소로 직접 제출해야 하며, 제출 시 지원자를 참조하거나 작성 내용을 지원자에게 공유할 수 없음 Email: postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr 지원자는 체크리스트 내 추천인 이메일을 정확히 입력하고, 추천서 양식을 추천인에게 전달 추천인은 고등학교 공식 이메일 사용을 원칙으로 하며, 관련 계정 사용이 불가한 경우 Gmail 또는 Yahoo 계정 사용을 권장 추천인은 다음 중 1인이어야 함: 담임교사, 학업지도교사(academic advisor), 또는 지원자의 학업 성취를 잘 아는 수학·과학 교사 ※ 부록(Appendix)에 제시된 문항 참고 모든 필수 서류는 PDF 파일(각 15MB 미만)로 업로드해야 하며, 일부 서류(원본, 공증 또는 인증본)는 예비합격 발표 후 12월 8일까지 입학팀으로 우편 제출 및 도착해야 함 (서류 별 안내 사항 확인 요망) 본 모집요강에 안내된 모든 일정 및 시간은 한국표준시(KST) 기준으로 함 Spring 2027 41 영어 공인어학성적 (English Language Proficiency Test Score) TOEFL, TEPS, IELTS, TOEIC 성적에 한하여 인정함 인정 유형: IELTS Academic, TEPS, TOEFL iBT, TOEIC Listening & Reading 불인정 유형: IELTS Indicator, IELTS General Training, IELTS One Skill Retake, TOEFL Home Edition, TOEFL Essentials, TOEFL MyBest Scores 최소 점수 기준 없으나, 권장 점수는 다음과 같음 : IELTS 6.5, TEPS 327, TOEFL iBT 83 (4.0+), and TOEIC 800 온라인 지원 마감일 기준 2년 이내 응시한 시험성적만 인정됨 영어 공인어학성적은 PDF 형식으로 온라인 지원서 내 업로드 필수. TOEFL, IELTS는 공식 Score Reporting을 통해 제출해야 하며, 지원 마감일까지 도착하여 본교에서 조회 및 확인 가능해야 함 수학기록표 (Academic History Record Form) 학력 및 재학 이력, 교육과정 개요를 작성해야 함 학업 중 공백, 전학, 편입 등 특이사항이 있는 경우 해당 사실 및 사유 작성 필수 전형별 체크리스트 (Checklist for International Admissions) 지원자는 본인이 지원하는 전형에 해당하는 필수, 선택(권장), 추가 서류를 확인하고 해당 항목을 체크해야 함 학력조회동의서 및 의뢰서 (Letter of Consent and Request-Verification of Academic Records) 초등학교부터 고등학교까지 모든 재학 학교에 대해 작성해야 함(전학 포함) 각 학교별로 별도의 Verification of Academic Records 제출 필수 • 제출 시 학적담당자(Registrar) 확인란은 작성하지 않아도 되며, 필요 시 POSTECH이 직접 연락하여 확인할 수 있음 POSTECH 기관 코드: • ETS (TOEFL): 0329 • IELTS: 기관 검색 후 수신처로 'POSTECH' 또는 'Pohang University of Science and Technology' 선택 [ 영어 성적 제출 면제 ] 다음 중 하나에 해당하는 경우 영어 성적 제출이 면제될 수 있음 (증빙서류 제출 필수, 최종 면제 여부는 심사 결과에 따름) 1. 영어를 주요 수업 언어로 사용하는 고등학교 졸업(예정)자로서 고교에서 공식 발행하는 MOI (Medium of Instruction) 확인서를 제출할 수 있는 경우 2. 다음 국가 국적 보유자 : 남아프리카공화국 , 뉴질랜드 , 미국 , 아일랜드 , 영국 , 캐나다 , 호주 International Undergraduate Admissions 42 학력 증명 (Proof of Academic Background) * 예비 합격(Preliminary Admission) 후, 아포스티유(Apostille) 또는 주재국 한국 영사확인(Korean Consular Authentication)본을 온라인(PDF) 제출과 함께 마감 기한 내 도착하도록 우편 제출 필수 * 졸업 예정자는 졸업 후 추가 서류 제출이 필요하며, 자세한 사항은 IV "Authentication Documents & Application Fee" 참고 고등학교 졸업(예정)증명서 (Official High School Graduation (or Expected) Certificate) 졸업 또는 졸업 예정일을 YYYY/MM/DD 등 형식으로 명확히 표기(국가별 표기 차이 허용) 학교 정책 등 공식 사유로 발급이 불가한 경우 다음 서류로 대체 가능 • 재학증명서(Certificate of Enrollment) 또는 학교 발급 공식 확인서 ※ 단, 입학일과 졸업예정일이 YYYY/MM/DD 등 형식으로 명확히 기재되어야 함 한국 국적을 보유하지 않은 중국 소재 고교 졸업(예정)자는 아래 서류를 모두 제출 • 아포스티유(Apostille) 또는 한국영사(Korean Consular Authentication) 확인된 졸업(예정)증명서 • CHSI (China Higher Education Student Information) 발급 China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate (예비합격 후 제출; 상세 내용 p. 50 참고) 초·중·고 성적증명서 (전 학년) (Official Transcripts of all years) 재학한 모든 학교의 모든 학기 성적표를 제출해야 함 졸업 예정자의 경우, 지원 시점에 다음과 같이 제출 가능 • 가장 최근(up-to-date) 고교 성적표 • IB 또는 GCE 과정에 한해 예측 성적(predicted scores) 포함 가능 최종 고교 성적표(아포스티유/영사확인) 및 IB 또는 GCE 공식 이수증명은 발급 즉시 제출해야 함 ※ 최종 성적과 제출 성적 간 차이가 큰 경우 합격이 취소될 수 있음 각 성적표 첫 페이지 우측 상단에 학년/학기 표기 필요 (예: G1-1, Y2-1) 초·중·고 재학증명서 (전 학년) (Certificate of Attendance/ Enrollment of all years) 모든 학기 및 학년의 시작·종료일을 YYYY/MM/DD 등 일관된 형식으로 기재(국가별 표기 차이 허용) 전학 이력이 있는 경우, 전입·전출 날짜 포함 필수 공식 문서에 학기 시작·종료일 미기재 시, 학교 캘린더(School Calendar) 첨부 및 관련 날짜 명확히 표기 공식 재학증명서 발급이 불가한 경우, 다음 중 하나를 제출해야 함 • 공식 성적표 또는 재학 기간을 명시한 학교 공식 확인서 조기졸업 또는 월반이 있는 경우 "Academic History Record Form"에 기재 및 관련 증빙서류 제출 필수 Spring 2027 43 국적 증명 및 출입국 기록 (Proof of Nationality and Entry & Departure Record(s)) * 예비 합격 후 원본 또는 이에 준하는 공식 서류 우편 제출 필수 지원자의 국적 증명 (Copy of Applicant's Nationality Proof ) 지원자 유효 여권 사본 제출 복수국적자는 보유한 모든 국적에 대한 서류(여권 사본 또는 국적증명) 제출 필수 여권이 없는 경우 국적증명서 사본 또는 신분증 공증본 제출 지원자의 여권 발급기록 증명서 (Applicant's Passport Issuance Record) 외교부 발급 여권 발급 이력(여권 발급기록 증명서) 제출 지원자의 출입국에 대한 사실증명 (Applicant's Entry & Departure Record(s) of Korea) 출생일부터 졸업일(졸업예정자의 경우 발급 시점)까지의 전체 출입국 내역을 제출해야 함 증명서는 지원 마감일 기준 2개월 이내 발급본이어야 하며, 13자리 주민등록번호 또는 여권번호가 명확히 표시되어야 함 졸업 예정자는 입학 및 학기 시작 후 15일 이내 졸업일이 포함된 출입국에 대한 사실증명 추가 제출 필수 출입국에 관한 사실증명 상의 여권번호가 현재 유효한 여권과 다른 경우, 다음 중 하나를 제출 • 과거 여권 사본 또는 외교부 발급 여권 발급기록 증명서 복수국적자 또는 외국 국적을 취득한 경우, 각 국적별 대한민국 출입국에 대한 사실증명 제출 필수 학기 중 한국 내 30일 이상 연속 체류 사실이 있을 시 관련 사유서와 증빙서류 제출이 필요함 대한민국 국적을 소지하지 않은 지원자는 출입국에 관한 사실증명을 초·중·고등학교 전 과정 재학기간을 증명할 수 있는 공식 서류로 대체 제출할 수 있음 출입국 기록이 공란으로 시작하는 등 누락 사실이 있을 시, 사유에 따라 아래와 같이 추가 제출이 필요함: • 동반자 여권을 사용한 경우: 동반자 여권 사본 + 동반자 출입국에 대한 사실 증명 • 해외 출생 시: 상세 기본증명서(Basic Certificate) 지원자의 출입국사실증명발급·열람 신청서(위임장) (Applicant's Power of Attorney for Requesting Entry & Departure Record(s)) "출입국사실증명발급·열람 신청서"를 작성하여 제출(음영 부분만 작성) ※ 부록(Appendix) 참고: 출입국관리법 시행규칙 [별지 제138호의2서식] International Undergraduate Admissions 44 B. 선택(권장) 제출 서류 지원자는 다음 중 하나 이상의 공식 성적 제출을 권장함: SAT, AP, IB, ACT, GCE A-Level 등 공인시험 성적, 고교 졸업(국가)시험 성적, 국제 경시대회(예: 올림피아드) 수상 또는 관련 인증서 • 고교 졸업 또는 대입(국가)시험 성적을 제출하는 경우, 해당 국가 교육과정의 성적 산출 및 평가 체계에 대한 간단한 설명 제출을 권장함 • SAT, AP, IB, ACT 공식 성적은 시험 주관기관(Testing Agency)의 score reporting을 통해 제출 필수 ※ MyBest Scores 및 Superscore는 인정되지 않음 ※ 수과학 분야에서의 우수한 성취도는 평가에 유의미하게 반영될 수 있음 1 표준화학력시험 성적(SAT, AP, IB, ACT, GCE A-Level 등) 지원자는 고등학교 재학 중 받은 수상, 표창 및 기타 활동 목록을 최대 10개까지 중요도 순으로 기재할 수 있으며(지정 양식 "Supplementary Materials List Form" 사용), 각 항목별 증빙서류 등 근거자료를 함께 제출 기재한 목록과 관련된 전체 증빙자료는 단면 기준 최대 30페이지까지 제출 가능 2 전형참고자료(수상, 봉사, 동아리 활동 등) 지원자의 학교 또는 교육부가 발행한 공식 고교 프로파일/브로셔/학교 소개 자료 제출을 권장함(최대 5페이지) 지원자의 학업 환경을 이해하는 데 도움이 되는 추가 자료 제출 가능: • 학교 공식 웹사이트 • 성적 체계 설명 • 대학 진학 통계 • 기타 관련 정보 3 고등학교 소개자료(High School Profile) POSTECH 기관 코드: • SAT & AP: 7228 • IB: 003694 • ACT: 8253 Spring 2027 45 전 학년 및 전 학기의 학교 학사일정표(School Calendar) 제출을 권장하며, 아래 경우에는 제출 필수: 1) 재학증명서에 매 학기 개시/종료일이 명확히 기재되지 않은 경우 2) 지원자가 해당 학기의 공식 개강일 이후에 입학/등록한 경우 3) 학기 중 전학(전입/전출)이 있었던 경우 4) 학기 중 한국에 30일 이상 체류한 경우(주말·공휴일 포함) 각 학기의 공식 시작일과 종료일이 학사일정표에 명확히 표시되어야 함 각 학기의 시작 및 종료일이 명확히 표시되지 않거나, 학사일정표가 한국어 또는 영어가 아닌 언어로 작성된 경우, 주요 날짜(예: 학기 시작·종료일, 방학 기간 등)를 문서에 직접 라벨/주석으로 표기해야 하며, 공증 번역은 필요하지 않음 4 학사일정표(School Calendar) 지원자격 등 입학 심사와 관련하여 소명할 사실이 있는 경우, 원서 접수 기간 중 지정된 사유서 양식을 사용하여 영문 또는 국문 사유서를 증빙서류와 함께 제출해야 함 • 사유서에는 아래 항목을 포함할 수 있음 [예시] • 지원자의 국적 관련 • 학력, 재학/등록 이력, 학력 증빙 서류 관련 • 어학 성적 관련 • 출입국 기록 관련: 학기 중 주말 포함 연속 30일 이상 국내 체류 등 • 기타(구체적으로 기재) 6 사유서 및 증빙서류 TOPIK 성적 제출 시 최저 점수 기준 없음 원서 접수 마감일 기준 2년 이내 응시한 시험 성적에 한하여 인정함 5 TOPIK 성적 International Undergraduate Admissions 46 Authentication Documents & Application Fee IV All applicants must submit their (expected) graduation certificate and academic transcript with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication. These documents must be uploaded in PDF format AND also sent by post within the application period. * Applicants applying through the Overseas Korean and International Admissions track must also submit apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated Certificates of Attendance/ Enrollment covering elementary, middle, and high school. Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication For documents issued in countries that are parties to the Apostille Convention, Apostille certification is required. [Procedure for Apostille Certification] A. Public Documents (from Public Schools) B. Private Documents (from Private Schools) Visit an Apostilleissuing authority Public documents issued Apply for Apostille Document verification by the authority Apostille issued Private documents issued Notarize documents at a Notary Office Visit an Apostilleissuing authority Apply for Apostille Document verification by the authority Apostille issued * Notarization is required for private documents before applying for Apostille. International Undergraduate Admissions 48 • For detailed information regarding the Apostille process, refer to https://www.hcch.net • To check whether the Apostille Convention applies to a specific country, refer to: List of Hague Apostille Convention Member Countries https://www.hcch.net/en/states/hcch-members • For details on where to obtain an Apostille, refer to the List of Competent Author ities of each member country https://www.hcch.net/en/instruments/conventions/authorities1/?cid=41 Documents issued in countries that are not parties to the Apostille Convention must be authenticated by the relevant Korean consular authorities. For non-Korean applicants who have completed or expect to complete their secondary education in China should also submit a Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification issued by CHSI (学信网) upon preliminary admission. Applicants not yet graduated may submit it after graduation. • For high schools in China that are not able to issue the CHSI Verification Report of China Secondary Education Qualification Certificate, applicants may instead submit a notarized copy of the school's official Establishment License, either ① the Unit Legal Certificate ( 事业单位法人证书) or ② School Education Permit ( 民办学校办学许可证) Applicants who graduated (or are expected to graduate) from high schools in Korea are not required to submit Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication. Failure to submit the required apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated documents by the specified deadline-or submission of false documents-may result in the revocation of admission or enrollment, regardless of the stage in the process. As the issuance of Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication may take several weeks, applicants are strongly advised to carefully review the instructions and prepare all required documents well in advance of the designated deadline. [Certification Institute Information] • Institute Name: 中国高等教育学生信息网 • Homepage: http://www.chsi.com.cn/xlrz/index.jsp Spring 2027 49 Important Information Regarding the Timing of Document Submission Following the announcement of preliminary admission results, applicants are required to submit original apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated documents by post, depending on their (expected) graduation date. Submission deadlines are provided below. Expected Graduation Date Hardcopy Documents to Submit (with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication) Submission Period (Based on arrival, KST) By August 2026 Upon receiving preliminary admission • Certificate of Graduation • Final Academic Transcript • [If applicable] A-Level or IB Certificate By December 8, 2026 By February 2027 (Submission in two stages required) Upon receiving preliminary admission • Certificate of Expected Graduation • Academic Transcript (up-to-date) Upon commencement of the first semester • Certificate of Graduation • Final Academic Transcript • [If applicable] IB Certificate By March 9, 2027 (within 15 days of semester start) * Admission is subject to revocation - even after enrollment - if the required apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated documents are not submitted by the stated deadline, or if any submitted documents are found to be false. International Undergraduate Admissions 50 Application Fee Application Fee: USD 60 or KRW 60,000 * Overseas Payment: USD 60/Domestic payment: KRW 60,000 ** The same application fee applies to both the International Admissions & Overseas Koreans and International Admissions Track Payment can be made through StudyinKorea either of the following ways: 1) Credit card • Visa, Master, JCB, AMEX, UnionPay 2) Bank Transfer • Applicants who make a bank transfer must report the transaction to the Admissions Office via email (postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr). The email should include the name of the depositor, the name of the applicant, and a cop y of the transfer receipt. • Any additional charges, including bank fees, must be covered by the applicant. The application fee is non-refundable and cannot be waived. * Article 42(3) (Admission Fees) of the Enforcement Decree of the Higher Education Act. Applicants must complete the payment of the application fee in order to finalize their online application. Once the payment is made, the application can no longer be modified. Bank transfers may require several weeks for processing. To ensure timely payment, applicants are strongly advised to initiate the transaction at least two weeks before the application deadline if choosing this payment method. * The applicant's full name must be included in the payment reference or transfer message. Spring 2027 51 Scholarship and Financial Aid V * Eligibility and conditions may vary depending on the type of admission and scholarship, and are subject to university policy and periodic review. International Admissions & Overseas Koreans and International Admissions Tuition Scholarship All admitted students are granted a full tuition waiver starting from their first semester. The waiver is renewed each semester for up to 8 regular semesters, provided that students maintain a minimum GPA of 3.0/4.3. [POSTECH Exclusive] Pathfinder Voucher After completing three semesters, each student will be awarded a Pathfinder Voucher worth KRW 11,000,000 (approx. USD 7,500), which can be used for personal development or self-directed activities. International Admissions only Arrival Scholarship A one-time reimbursement of up to KRW 2,500,000 is available, covering one-way economy airfare from the home country or country of high school attendance to Korea, as well as domestic transportation within Korea, for students who have not resided in Korea within six months prior to the start of the first semester. Korean Proficiency Scholarship A one-time incentive of KRW 300,000 (approx. USD 215) will be awarded to international undergraduate students who obtain TOPIK level 4 or higher during the semester. Living Allowance A monthly stipend of KRW 500,000 (approx. USD 360) will be provided throughout the academic year, including vacation periods. This amount is intended to cover expenses such as meals, national health insurance, and dormitory fees. Provision and continuation of the stipend, including during vacation periods, are subject to university policy and review. On-Campus Work-Study Support Eligible students may receive financial support during academic semesters by participating in on-campus work programs. The Best Scholarships for the Best Talents Spring 2027 53 Post-Admission Procedures and Support VI Following the announcement of final admission results, admitted applicants must complete enrollment confirmation and registration within the designated deadline. Failure to complete these requirements will be deemed a withdrawal of enrollment. * Further instructions regarding registration, including payment of a non-refundable student-related fee, tuition waivers, and additional document submission, will be provided to admitted students upon the announcement of final admission results. Please ensure that the provided email address remains active and is checked regularly, including the spam folder. Confirmation of Enrollment Intent and Final Registration Final Admission Decision Announcement Enrollment Confirmation and Registration Issuance and Delivery of Institutional Visa Documents Visa Application December 2026 [International Admissions Track] [International Admissions Track] Visa Issuance/ Approval Application for Tuition Scholarship (Korea Student Aid Foundation/한국장학재단) Orientation and Semester Begins January-February 2027 February 2027 [International Admissions Track] [Overseas Korean Track] Spring 2027 55 Certificate of Admission (CoA) and D-2 Student Visa Issuance Foreign nationals who confirm their enrollment and complete registration will receive the Certificate of Admission (CoA), Scholarship Certificate, and Certificate of Business Registration from POSTECH via email and postal mail for visa purposes. Applicants must independently verify the list of required documents with the Korean Embassy or Consulate in their home country and submit their D-2 visa application. The Certificate of Admission (CoA) is a mandatory document that foreign nationals intending to study in Korea must submit to the Korean embassy or consulate (or the immigration office in Korea) when applying for a D-2 visa. Original documents submitted for the issuance of the CoA will not be returned under any circumstances. Proof of financial resources may be substituted with a scholarship certificate issued by the university. Even if the Certificate of Admission (CoA) has been issued and a D-2 visa has already been granted, the university reserves the right to report to immigration authorities if any required documents-including the final academic certificate with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication-are not submitted on time or are found to be falsified. This may result in the revocation or invalidation of the visa. Visa screening authorities (embassies or immigration offices) may request additional documents or choose to waive certain requirements during the review process. International Undergraduate Admissions 56 Support for International Students The International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) supports POSTECH's international community and promotes the globalization of the campus. ISSS offers comprehensive assistance in various areas to help international students adjust smoothly to campus life. For inquiries related to international student support and visa issuance, please contact ISSS at https://international.postech.ac.kr The International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) Spring 2027 57 FAQ Frequently Asked Questions What is the structure and future plan of POSTECH International Admissions? POSTECH has launched its first International Admissions track for the Fall 2026 intake. Beginning with the 2027 admissions cycle, International Admissions will be conducted twice a year for Spring and Fall entry. The Overseas Korean track will be discontinued from the 2028 admissions cycle onward. While the Fall 2027 intake is expected to begin in March 2027, detailed application schedules will be announced on the official admissions website in due course: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/index.do Is POSTECH participating in the GKS program, and when does the GKS application process begin? For GKS, POSTECH participates in the Embassy Track only (Type A universities) and does not participate in the University Track. Detailed information regarding the GKS application schedule and procedure will be announced by NIIED and updated on the Study in Korea website. Following the official announcement, POSTECH's GKS application guidelines will be updated in September 2026 at https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/gks.do For general information on GKS, please refer to the official Study in Korea website: https://www.studyinkorea.go.kr/ko/plan/scholarship.do For more FAQs, please visit: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/comm/board/ 7699dd106cb84b2e26748d3db5e78de6/index.do Admissions International Undergraduate Admissions 58 Does POSTECH offer courses in English? POSTECH is the first bilingual campus in Korea and is committed to offering all foundational and major courses in English. When and how do students choose their major? All freshmen are initially enrolled in the Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies and follow our unique undecided major curriculum. Students are given the opportunity to explore 11 majors over 3 semesters and select their desired major with no limitations after the first semester of their sophomore year. A full list of available majors can be found here: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/comm/ menu/b7f8c54d6eaff431c253db1c8b9bcb45/ content/index.do Are both English and Korean test scores required for admission? Submission of an English proficiency test score is mandatory for both the International Admissions track and the GKS track. For detailed information on the required score levels, please refer to the application guide. Submission of TOPIK scores is optional for both tracks. When are the visa-related documents issued by POSTECH, and how should successful candidates apply for a student visa? Successful candidates who receive a final admission offer must confirm their intent to enroll and complete the registration process. POSTECH will then issue the institutionissued supporting documents required for visa application, including the Certificate of Admission (CoA), shortly thereafter. Successful candidates are responsible for applying for their visa directly at the Korean Embassy or Consulate in their country and for preparing any additional documents required for visa issuance. Please note that visa processing times and requirements may vary by country, and applicants are advised to check with the relevant Korean Embassy or Consulate and book a visa appointment well in advance. For detailed information on the visa issuance process, please refer to https://international.postech.ac.kr Campus Life & Scholarships Spring 2027 59 What is the estimated annual cost of living for international students? Please refer to the table below for a detailed breakdown of the estimated annual cost of living. What types of scholarships are available for international students? All international freshmen are eligible for the Tuition Scholarship and Pathfinder Voucher. In addition, the Living Allowance and Arrival Scholarship are available to students admitted through the International Admissions Track. In general, eligible admitted international undergraduate students are automatically considered for applicable scholarships during the admission process without the need for a separate application. For more information regarding scholarships and financial aids, please refer to the website below: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/comm/menu/e2afb97fa1b8f43c574be0dabef78f87/ content/index.do Cost of Attendance Annual Cost (As of 2026) Scholarship Coverage Travel to Pohang (airfare) Differs by Country 100% Covered Matriculation Fee 0 0 Tuition Fee KRW 5,714,000/ (approx. USD 3,900) 100% Waived (if 3.0/4.3 is achieved) Dormitory Fee (during semester) KRW 1,400,000/ (approx. USD 950) Primarily Covered by Living Allowance * KRW 500,000/month (approx. USD 360) Health Insurance Varies by Visa Type Other Living Cost Meals, Transportation, etc. International Undergraduate Admissions 60 Appendix For reference only. Actual responses must be entered in English (recommended) or Korean via the online portal during the application period: https://www.studyinkorea.go.kr/ 1. What are your future aspirations, and what steps have you taken toward achieving them? Why do you believe POSTECH is the right place to pursue your goals, and what are your academic plans during your university studies? (Maximum: 500 words) 2. Describe the STEM-related activity that has been most meaningful to you. Why was it significant, how did you engage with it, and what did you learn or gain from the experience? (Maximum: 200 words) 3. Reflect on a time when you collaborated in a learning or team environment with individuals whose ideas or backgrounds differed from your own. How did you approach the situation, and what did you take away from the experience? (Maximum: 200 words) 4. If applicable, please share any special circumstances-such as personal or familyrelated challenges-or additional information that would help us better understand your background, experiences, or difficulties you have overcome. (Maximum: 300 words) [Personal Statement] Spring 2027 61 [Letter of Recommendation] TO THE APPLICANT: Be sure to inform the recommender of the submission deadline and provide them with the designated recommendation letter form in advance. The recommendation letter must be submitted directly by the recommender by the submission deadline. The email address used for submission must exactly match the one provided in the online application. Recommendation letters should be sent to postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr THIS P ART TO BE COMPLETED BY THE RECOMMENDER TO RECOMMENDER: POSTECH (Pohang University of Science and Technology) has firmly established itself as Korea's leading research-intensive university since its founding in 1986, through its unwavering commitment to academic and research excellence. Each year, approximately 370 incoming students are selected from among the top 1% of high school graduates nationwide. With a deliberately small undergraduate cohort and a low student-tofaculty ratio, POSTECH provides a personalized and rigorous educational environment. All students receive full-tuition scholarships and are offered abundant opportunities for research and entrepreneurship. Through this framework, POSTECH seeks to nurture future leaders who will advance science, technology, and the betterment of humanity. Recognized in global society, POSTECH has been ranked high in global rankings: • Ranked 1st in the JoongAng Ilbo University Rankings (topped both the engineering and natural sciences rankings) • Ranked 2nd in THE World's Best Small Universities Rankings 2024, following Caltech • Ranked 9th in THE Y oung University Rankings 2024 RECOMMENDATION GUIDE: In writing your letter of recommendation, please take the above characteristics of POSTECH into careful consideration. This letter will be kept strictly confidential throughout the admissions process and must be submitted directly by you, the recommender. For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do APPLICANT Information Name Last First Semester of Entry ☐ Spring 2027 Department Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies International Undergraduate Admissions 62 On the following page, we ask that you provide a candid assessment of the applicant's qualifications, potential for advanced research, intellectual aptitude, analytical thinking skills, academic achievements, subject matter proficiency, and attitudes or personal qualities relevant to scholarly promise. I hereby certify that, in preparing this letter of recommendation, I have provided a fair and accurate account based solely on factual information, and I pledge never to disclose the contents of this letter to the applicant or any third party under any circumstances. I understand and agree that if any false or otherwise improper information is discovered, I may be disqualified from serving as a recommender in any future POSTECH admissions process. Date: _____/____/____ (YYYY/MM/DD) □ I confirm and agree to the above statements. PLEASE TYPE IN ENGLISH OR KOREAN Applications written in illegible handwriting or in a language other than English or Korean will not be considered. The letter must be submitted directly by the recommender by the submission deadline to postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr. Applicants should not be copied on the submission email or be given access to the contents of the recommendation letter. Please evaluate the applicant's academic standing by specifying the total number of students in the reference group and checking ( ✓) the appropriate box below. (If evaluation is difficult, select 'Unable to Evaluate' .) Evaluation Reference Group (e.g., entire 12th grade): Total Number of Students in this group: (________________) a. Strength and Aptitude in STEM disciplines □ Top 1% □ Top 5% □ Top 10% □ Below Top 10% □ Unable to Evaluate b. Overall Academic Performance □ Top 1% □ Top 5% □ Top 10% □ Below Top 10% □ Unable to Evaluate Spring 2027 63 RECOMMENDATION Applicant's Name Relationship with the Applicant 1. POSTECH is a research-oriented university specializing in science and technology. Please describe how the applicant has demonstrated intellectual curiosity or initiative in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics), whether through the formal curriculum or in extracurricular contexts. We especially welcome concrete examples that illustrate the applicant's independent or creative engagement with academic subjects, either within regular classes or through self-directed learning and activities beyond the classroom. 2. What distinctive strengths does the applicant possess, such as academic excellence, creativity, leadership, a diligent and self-directed approach to learning, notable personal characteristics, and the ability to engage effectively in academic and social settings? Please elaborate on the applicant's distinctive strengths, such as academic excellence, creativity, leadership, diligence, self-motivation, integrity, and the ability to collaborate and communicate effectively within a community. 3. To help us better understand the applicant's academic background, please provide relevant information about your school. This may include your school's academic environment, competitiveness, student composition, STEMrelated curriculum, learning resources, or any other contextual factors that may affect the applicant's academic preparation. 4. If there are any special circumstances we should take into account during the admissions process, we encourage you to share them. (Treated confidentially) These may include-but are not limited to-disciplinary actions (e.g., incidents related to academic misconduct, behavioral issues, or school violence), as well as personal or family-related challenges that may have influenced the applicant's academic or extracurricular performance. Recommender's Name (Signature) Position/Title School Name/Country Email (preferably a school-issued email address) @ School Address & Website (if available) Date YYYY/MM/DD Optional International Undergraduate Admissions 64 [Academic History Record Form] TO THE APPLICANT: Please complete this form by providing detailed information about the applicant's academic background, schooling context, and any irregularities in their educational history. Rows may be added to each section of the table, if necessary. For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do 1. Academic History and Schooling Details Please provide a complete record of your formal schooling from elementary to high school in chronological order. This information will be used to assess both eligibility for application based on the required duration of education and the applicant's overall academic progression and schooling history. No. School Name Country City School Level (e.g., Elementary, Middle, High) Total Y ears in System Grade & Semester Attended Attendance Period (YYYY/MM/DD YYYY/MM/DD) APPLICANT Information Examination ID Full Name Exactly as shown on your passport Date of Birth YYYY/MM/DD Gender Male/Female Email name@example.com Emergency Contact +82-10-1234-5678 Semester of Entry ☐ Spring 2027 Department Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies Spring 2027 65 2. Summary of School System Country Description of School System (e.g., 6-3-3 system: Elementary 6 years, Middle 3 years, High 3 years) I hereby certify that the information provided above is true and correct. I understand that providing false or misleading information may result in the revocation of admission, even after enrollment. ☐ I Agree Date: _____/____/____ (YYYY/MM/DD) Applicant Name: ____________ (Signature) 3. Summary of Irregular Schooling History If there are any irregularities in your academic timeline, please describe them below. These include but are not limited to: - repeating or skipping grades - overlapping enrollment in the same grade - transfer between schools during academic year - long-term leave of absence - semester(s) not attended or omitted in records - change in curriculum or academic system - early graduation or accelerated completion - any other anomalies affecting the enrollment period - [Overseas Korean track only] Any stay in Korea of 30 consecutive days or more during a semester Affected Grade/ Semester Explanation/Reason Country Name of School * A separate explanatory statement with supporting documents that are official or can be verified for authenticity must be submitted for any irregularity requiring further clarification or eligibility verification. International Undergraduate Admissions 66 No. Activity Field Title of Activity/ Award Activity Period (YYYY/MM/DD - YYYY/MM/DD) Description of Activity (max. 30 words) Organizing Institution 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 [Supplementary Materials List Form] Supplementary Materials List (Honors, Awards, Volunteer Work, Club Activities, etc.) Please list up to 10 activities in order of importance. Each activity description must be limited to 30 English words or 50 Korean words. Supporting materials (maximum 30 one-sided pages in total) may be submitted as official or verifiable documents together with this list and must be numbered at the top-right corner. Materials that are not properly numbered or exceed the page limit may not be reviewed. For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do Date: _____/____/____ (YYYY/MM/DD) Signature: ____________ APPLICANT Information Examination ID Full Name Exactly as shown on your passport Date of Birth YYYY/MM/DD Gender Male/Female Email name@example.com Emergency Contact +82-10-1234-5678 Semester of Entry ☐ Spring 2027 Department Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies Spring 2027 67 [Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records)] TO THE APPLICANT: This form is required for all applicants (Korean and international) and must be completed in English (recommended) or Korean. Please do not fill in the section titled "Registrar's Verification (To be completed by the registrar or school officer)." International Admissions applicants must report all high schools attended. Overseas Korean and International Admissions applicants must report all schools attended from elementary through high school. For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do RELEASE OF ACADEMIC INFORMATION In connection with my application for admission to the undergraduate programs of Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH), I hereby authorize POSTECH and its representatives to contact relevant institutions, administrators, or other individuals to verify and obtain information regarding my academic credentials and educational background. I release from all liability any individuals or organizations who, in good faith and without malice, provide information relevant to the verification of my academic records and qualifications. I further consent to the release of such information by the aforementioned individuals or institutions to POSTECH or any other relevant entity involved in the admissions process. I waive any right to hold liable any party participating in the exchange of such information. Date: _____/____/____ (YYYY/MM/DD) Name of Applicant: _________________________________ Date of Birth: _________________________________ Signature: _________________________________ APPLICANT Information Examination ID Full Name Exactly as shown on your passport Date of Birth YYYY/MM/DD Gender Male/Female Email name@example.com Emergency Contact +82-10-1234-5678 Semester of Entry ☐ Spring 2027 Department Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies International Undergraduate Admissions 68 VERIFICATION OF ACADEMIC RECORDS * This form must be completed and submitted for each school attended. Student's Education Record (To be completed by the applicant) Full Name Date of Birth (YYYY/MM/DD) Gender (Male/Female) Student ID (if applicable) Name of School (Campus) School Telephone Number School Address Period of Enrollment (YYYY/MM/DD - YYYY/MM/DD) Date of Graduation ☐/Transfer ☐ (YYYY/MM/DD) Verification Checklist Item Status Remarks 1. Basic Information ☐ Correct ☐ Incorrect 2. Period of Enrollment ☐ Correct ☐ Incorrect 3. Graduation/Transfer Date ☐ Correct ☐ Incorrect 4. Details in Transcript(s) [For high school records only] ☐ Correct ☐ Incorrect Certification by Registrar or School Official Name Position School Name School Address Telephone Fax Email Comments (if any) Registrar's Verification (To be completed by the registrar upon POSTECH's request) Please verify the student information above, complete the section below, and return this form to the POSTECH Office of Admissions by email, fax, or another available method. Date: _____/____/____ (YYYY/MM/DD) Registrar's Signature: ____________ Spring 2027 69 [Explanatory Statement Form] TO THE APPLICANT: Applicants who need to clarify any admission-related matters must submit an explanatory statement (in English or Korean) using the designated explanatory statement form, along with official or verifiable supporting documents, during the application period. For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do APPLICANT Information Examination ID Full Name Exactly as shown on your passport Date of Birth YYYY/MM/DD Gender Male/Female Email name@example.com Emergency Contact +82-10-1234-5678 Semester of Entry ☐ Spring 2027 Department Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies EXPLANATORY STATEMENT ☐ Regarding the applicant's nationality ☐ Regarding the parent(s)' nationality ☐ Regarding the parent-child relationship ☐ Regarding academic history, enrollment record, and credentials ☐ Regarding differences in the period of enrollment or number of semesters ☐ Regarding language proficiency test scores ☐ Regarding Entry & Departure Record(s), including any stay in Korea of 30 consecutive days or more during a semester (for Overseas Korean track applicants only) ☐ Others (_____________________________) Date: _____/____/____ (YYYY/MM/DD) Signature: ____________ International Undergraduate Admissions 70 For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do 발급대상자 (위임한 사람) Principal (Authorizing Person) 성명 (Full Name) 연락처 (Phone No.) 주민등록번호(외국인등록번호 또는 국내거소신고번호) Resident Registration No.(Foreign Resident Registration No. or Overseas Korean Resident No.) 증명종류 Type of Certificate [ ✓ ] 출입국에 관한 사실증명 ( 1 )통 Certificate of Fact on Entry and Departure ( ) copy(ies) [ ] 외국인등록 사실증명 ( )통 Certificate of Fact on Foreign Resident Registration ( ) copy(ies) [ ] 외국인등록 열람 ( )건 Access to Foreign Resident Registration ( ) time(s) 출입국에 관한 사실증명의 영문 성명 병기 신청 여부(국민만 해당) * This field is only for Korean citizens. [ ✓ ] 포함 [ ] 미포함 외국인등록 사실증명의 경우, 과거 등록번호(주민등록번호 ㆍ외국인 등록번호ㆍ국내거소신고번호), 성명, 체류지 및 체류자격 변경 이력 포함 여부, 체류지 영문표기 여부 Previous registration number (Resident registration number, Foreign resident registration number or Overseas Korean Resident number), name, address or status of sojourn, address in English to be shown on the Certificate of Fact on Foreign Resident Registration 과거 등록번호 Previous Registration Number [ ] 포함 Yes [ ] 미포함 No 과거 성명 변경 사항 Previous Name [ ] 포함 Yes [ ] 미포함 No 과거 체류지 변동 사항 Previous Address [ ] 포함 Yes [ ] 미포함 No 과거 체류자격 변동 사항 Previous Status of Sojourn [ ] 포함 Yes [ ] 미포함 No 체류지 영문표기 여부 Address in English [ ] 포함 Yes [ ] 미포함 No 접수번호 (Receipt No.) 접수일 (Date of Receipt) 발급일 (Date of Issuance) 처리기간 (Processing Period) 즉시 (Immediately) ■ 출입국관리법 시행규칙 [별지 제138호의2서식] <개정 2025. 5. 30.> (앞쪽) ※ 본인이 직접 증명발급을 신청하는 경우 정부24(www.gov.kr)에서 무료로 발급받을 수 있으며, 방문 신청 시에는 신청서를 작성하지 않고 신분증만 제시하면 됩니다. Free online application available at the government website (www.gov.kr) for the issuance of your own Certificate of Fact. Those visiting an immigration office will be required to present only their ID cards without having to complete this form. ※ 뒤쪽의 유의사항을 참고하여 작성하기 바랍니다.(Please fill out this form by referring to the notes on the back page.) 사실증명 발급ㆍ열람 신청서 APPLICATION FOR ISSUANCE OF/ACCESS TO CERTIFICATE OF FACT (약칭: 사실증명신청서, 약호: A322) Spring 2027 71 위 임 장 (Power of Attorney) 위 발급대상자(위임한 사람)는 위와 같은 사실증명의 발급ㆍ열람 신청 및 수령에 관한 사항을 위 신청인(위임받은 사람)에게 위임합니다. I, the above Principal (authorizing person), hereby authorize the above applicant (authorized person) to apply for and receive the issuance of/access to the Certificate of Fact. 년(Year) 월(Month) 일(Day) 발급ㆍ열람 대상자(위임한 사람) Name of Principal(Authorizing Person) (서명 또는 인) (Signature or Seal) 210㎜ × 297㎜ [백상지(80ｇ/㎡) 또는 중질지(80ｇ/㎡)] 출입국 조회기간 (Reference Period for Entry and Departure Record) . . . 부터(from) 2026. 07. 31. 까지(to) 용도 (Purpose) 대학입학 제출용 신청인 (위임받은 사람) Applicant (Authorized Person) 성명 (Full Name) 생년월일 (Date of Birth) 연락처 (Phone No.) 발급대상자와의 관계 (Relationship to Principal) 재외국민과외국인전형 지원자 및 대학 전형 담당자 「출입국관리법」 제88조 및 같은 법 시행규칙 제75조에 따라 위와 같이 사실증명의 발급ㆍ열람을 신청합니다. I hereby apply for the issuance of / access to Certificate of Fact in accordance with Article 88 of the Immigration Act and Article 75 of the Enforcement Rule of the Immigration Act. 년(Year) 월(Month) 일(Day) 신청인 (Name of Applicant) (서명 또는 인)(Signature or Seal) ○○출입국ㆍ외국인청(사무소ㆍ출장소)장/○○시장ㆍ군수ㆍ구청장 또는 읍ㆍ면ㆍ동의 장/재외공관장 귀하 To the Chief of ○○ Immigration Office(Branch Office)/the Head of ○○ SiㆍGunㆍGu or EupㆍMyeonㆍDong/ the Head of Overseas Diplomatic Mission. International Undergraduate Admissions 72 유의사항 (Notice) 1. 색상이 어두운 란은 신청인이 작성하지 않으며, [ ]에는 해당되는 곳에 '점검표(V)'로 표시합니다. Do not complete the shaded sections, and please place a check mark for applicable brackets[ ]. 2. 신청인이 법인인 경우에는 앞쪽 신청인의 성명란에 법인명 및 대표자 성명을, 주민등록번호란에 법인등록번호를, 전화번호란에 연락 가능한 담당자의 성명과 전화번호를 각각 적기 바랍니다. If you are a corporate applicant, please write the name of the corporation and the president for the "Full Name" of applicant, corporation registration number for "Resident Registration No. " , and name and telephone number of the person in charge for "Telephone No. " on the front side of the application form. 3. 사실증명의 발급 신청 및 외국인등록 열람은 본인이나 그 법정대리인 또는 그로부터 위임을 받은 사람만 신청할 수 있습니다. Eligible applicants for the issuance of Certificate of Fact or access to Foreign Resident Registration shall be limited to the principal, his/her legal representative or authorized person. 4. 다음의 경우에는 「출입국관리법 시행규칙」 제75조제3항 및 제4항에 따라 다음의 사람이 출입국에 관한 사실증명의 발급이나 외국인등록 사실증명의 발급ㆍ열람을 신청할 수 있습니다. In accordance with Article 75(3, 4) of the Enforcement Rule of the Immigration Act, those falling under the following categories may apply for the issuance of Certificate of Fact on Entry and Departure or for the issuance of or access to Certificate of Fact on Foreign Resident Registration. 가. 행방불명, 사망 등으로 본인이 의사표시를 할 수 없는 상태이거나 명백하게 본인의 이익을 위해 사용될 것으로 인정되는 경우 1) 본인의 배우자, 본인의 직계 존ㆍ비속 또는 형제ㆍ자매 2) 본인의 배우자의 직계 존ㆍ비속 또는 형제ㆍ자매[본인의 배우자가 사망한 경우로서 1)에 해당하는 사람이 없는 경우만 해당한다] Where a principal is incapable of expressing intentions due to his/her unknown whereabouts or death, or where it is obvious that the certificate will be used for benefits of the principal: 1) Spouse, immediate relatives or siblings of the principal 2) Immediate relatives or siblings of the principal's spouse [only when the spouse is deceased and the principal does not have any of those listed in the category 1)] 나. 본인인 외국인이 완전 출국한 경우: 본인인 외국인을 고용하였던 자 또는 그 대리인 Where a non-Korean principal has permanently left Korea: An employer of the principal or the authorized agent of the employer 다. 채권ㆍ채무관계에 관한 재판에서 승소판결이 확정된 경우, 「주민등록법 시행령」 별표 2 제3호 각 목의 어느 하나에 해당하는 금융회사 등이 연체채권 회수를 위하여 필요로 하는 경우, 해당 외국인과 채권ㆍ채무 관계에 있는 경우(기한 경과나 기한의 이익 상실 등으로 변제기가 도래한 경우에 한정하며, 채무금액이 100만 원 이하인 경우는 제외합니다) : 외국인등록 사실증명을 발급받거나 열람하려는 채권자 Where a favorable ruling is confirmed in a trial on a debtor and creditor relationship, where the Certification is needed by financial companies that fall under any of the items of the subparagraph 3 of the attached table 2 of the Enforcement Decree of Resident Registration Act for the purpose of collecting overdue debts, or where there is a debtor and creditor relationship with the foreigner concerned (only when a debt becomes overdue or an event of default occurs that allows a lender to demand full repayment earlier than an original due date, and the amount of debt is more than 1 million KRW): Creditor who intend to receive or access the Certificate of Fact on Foreign Resident Registration of the foreigner concerned ※ 채권ㆍ채무 관계를 입증할 수 있는 계약서, 차용증, 어음 등은 송금 영수증, 공증, 확정일자 등의 공적 증거를 담보할 수 있는 서류를 함께 첨부해야 합니다. ※ The contract paper, promissory note and note that prove the debtor and creditor relationship shall be attached by the collateral documents that may guarantee official evidence such as remittance receipt, notarization and fixed date stamp affixed on the agreement, etc. 라. 그 밖에 법무부장관이 공익상 필요하다고 인정하는 사람 Other persons deemed necessary by the Minister of Justice for the public interest. 5. 위임을 받은 경우에는 위임장과 위임한 사람의 신분증(사본)을 첨부하고 신청인의 신분증을 제시해야 합니다. Authorized persons shall present his/her own ID card and the application shall be presented with the Power of Attorney and the ID card (or a copy) of the authorizing person. ※ 다른 사람의 서명 또는 인장의 도용 등으로 허위의 위임장을 작성하여 증명서를 신청 또는 수령한 경우에는 관련 법률에 따라 처벌받을 수 있습니다. ※ You may be subject to punishment under applicable laws, if you apply for or receive the Certificate of Fact by submitting a fraudulent Power of Attorney signed by another individual or falsely done with a stolen seal. 6. 위임은 작성한 날부터 6개월까지만 유효합니다. The Power of Attorney shall remain effective for six months from the day of authorization. 7. 국민은 1961.1.1.부터, 외국인은 1979.1.1.부터 출입국에 관한 사실증명이 가능합니다. Records on this certificate only cover the entry/departures from January 1, 1961, for Korean nationals and from January 1, 1979, for Foreigners. 210㎜ × 297㎜ [백상지(80ｇ/㎡) 또는 중질지(80ｇ/㎡)] 행정정보 공동이용 동의서 (Consent for Administrative Information Sharing) 본인은 사실증명 발급 또는 열람 수수료 면제와 관련해 담당 공무원이 ｢전자정부법｣ 제36조제1항에 따른 행정정보의 공동이용을 통해 전자적으로 구비서류를 확인하는 것에 동의합니다. * 담당 공무원의 확인에 동의하지 않는 경우에는 신청인이 직접 관련 서류를 제출해야 합니다. I hereby consent to the electronic verification of the applicant's required documents, in relation to the exemption of fees for the issuance of or access to certificate of fact, through the shared use of administrative information by the public official in charge in accordance with Article 36 Paragraph 1 of the Electronic Government Act. * In case of refusal to consent to the verification by the public official in charge, the applicant must submit the relevant documents in person. 신청인 (Name of Applicant) (서명 또는 인)(Signature or Seal) Spring 2027 73 [Checklist for International Admissions] TO THE APPLICANT: Please DO NOT STAPLE hard copy documents, except when originally stapled by the issuing institution. Use paper clips or other removable fasteners instead. For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do Application Documents Submission (Y/N) Ye s No International Admissions I. Required Documents 1. Personal Statement (to be completed in the StudyinKorea online application system) 2. Official High School Diploma or Certificate of (Expected) Graduation (with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication)* 3. Official High School Transcript(s) (with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication)* 4. Proof of Nationality for Applicant and Both Parents (e.g., Passport)* ☐ Dual nationals must submit proof of nationality for all nationalities held by the applicant and both parents, if applicable 5. Proof of Family Relationship (e.g., Birth Certificate)* ☐ [For applicants of Chinese nationality] ① A Notarized Certificate of Kinship (亲属关系证明公证本), issued after March 1, 2026, and ② a Notarized Household Register (居民户口簿公证本) must both be submitted 6. Recommendation Letter ☐ I have informed my recommender (Name: __________ Position:___________ Email:_________________) to submit the recommendation letter directly to postechiuadmission@postech.ac.kr by the submission deadline (Sep 3, 2026) 7. Academic History Record Form 8. Official Score Report of English Language Proficiency Test Score* ☐ IELTS ☐ TOEFL ☐ TEPS ☐ TOEIC (L&R) ☐ Request for exemption with the official Medium of Instruction (MOI) Letter issued by the high school * Please tick the appropriate box (√). Required documents, including this checklist, must be submitted in PDF format via the online application portal; documents marked with an asterisk ( *) must be sent by post and arrive by December 8 after receiving preliminary admission. Forms can be found and downloaded at https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do APPLICANT Information Examination ID Full Name Exactly as shown on your passport Date of Birth YYYY/MM/DD Gender Male/Female Email name@example.com Emergency Contact +82-10-1234-5678 Semester of Entry ☐ Spring 2027 Department Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies International Undergraduate Admissions 74 9. Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records) * No need to contact the school registrar to have Registrar's Verification section completed before submission 10. [Only If Applicable] For Foreigners Residing in Korea: Alien Registration Cards of the Applicant and Both Parents* 11. [Only If Applicable] For Applicants or Parents of Korean Ethnicity: ☐ Certificate of Citizenship or Naturalization* ☐ Certificate of Loss of Korean Nationality (국적상실사실확인증명 or 국적이탈사실확인증명)* 12. [Only If Applicable] For Applicants of Chinese Nationality: ☐ Notarized Certificate of Nationality (国籍证明书) from Chinese Notary (if no passport) - for Parent* ☐ Notarized Certificate of Nationality (国籍证明书) from Chinese Notary (if no passport) - for Applicant* 13. [Only if applicable] For applicants from single-parent families, parental divorce, or parental death cases: - Supporting documents confirming family status (as applicable)*: ☐ Single-parent status certificate indicating custodial status ☐ Divorce decree or agreement specifying custody arrangements ☐ Death certificate II. Optional Documents (Recommended) 14-1. Standardized Test Scores (must be sent directly from the testing agency through score reporting)* □ SAT □ AP □ IB □ ACT □ Others (____________) * Score reporting is mandatory if the applicant's high school curriculum follows IB. 14-2. Standardized Test Scores (for tests without score reporting support)* □ A-Level □ Others (____________) * Certified/notarized copies equivalent to the original must be submitted by post and will be accepted only if they can be verified by the Admissions Office through the official verification system. 15. Academic Honors, Awards, or Prizes 16. High School Profile (highly recommended) 17. Extracurricular, Club, or Volunteer Activities 18. Explanatory Statement Form with Supporting Documents III. Other Documents * Additional materials not listed above (e.g., documents related to post-secondary enrollment or study) may be submitted when relevant and necessary. Please number each document and clearly indicate its title. These materials will be reviewed at the university's discretion. Applicants are encouraged to submit supporting documents for any significant gap period after high school graduation or other unrecorded periods relevant to their academic or enrollment history. • Applicants who are preliminarily admitted must submit the required original hardcopy documents by post to the Admissions Office by the designated deadline in order to receive a final offer. Any additional materials requested for eligibility verification or document review must also be submitted by the specified deadline. Failure to comply may result in the offer being withdrawn or the application being disqualified. [Documents should be mailed to: Office of POSTECH Admissions, Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH) Tae-Joon Park Digital Library #231, 77 Cheongam-Ro, Nam-gu, Pohang, Gyeongbuk, Republic of Korea, 37673 Tel) +82 54 279 3626, 3629 Email) postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr • POSTECH reserves the right to revoke an offer of admission or terminate a student's registration, should it be discovered later that: a false statement has been made; a false document has been provided; documentation has been altered or if there has been an omission of significant information. • All submitted documents, including originals (e.g., apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated documents) and notarized copies, will not be returned regardless of the enrollment or registration decision. Spring 2027 75 [Checklist for Overseas Korean and International Admissions] TO THE APPLICANT: Please DO NOT STAPLE hard copy documents, except when originally stapled by the issuing institution. Use paper clips or other removable fasteners instead. For reference only. The official and final version is available for download at: https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do Application Documents Submission (Y/N) Ye s No Overseas Korean and International Admissions (전과정해외이수_재외국민과외국인전형) I. Required Documents 1. Personal Statement (to be completed in the StudyinKorea online application system) 2. Official High School Diploma or Certificate of (Expected) Graduation (with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication)* 3. Official Transcript(s) from Elementary, Middle, and High Schools (All Y ears) (with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication)* 4. ertificate of Attendance/Enrollment for Elementary, Middle, and High Schools (All Y ears) (with Apostille or Korean Consular Authentication)* 5. Proof of Nationality for Applicant (e.g., Passport)* ☐ Dual nationals must submit proof of nationality for all nationalities held by the applicant and both parents, if applicable 6. Recommendation Letter ☐ I have informed my recommender (Name: __________ Position:___________ Email:_________________) to submit the recommendation letter directly to postechiuadmission@postech.ac.kr by the submission deadline (Sep 3, 2026) 7. Academic History Record Form (수학기록표) * Please tick the appropriate box (√). Required documents, including this checklist, must be submitted in PDF format via the online application portal; documents marked with an asterisk ( *) must be sent by post and arrive by December 8 after receiving preliminary admission. Forms can be found and downloaded at https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/user/admission/guide/international.do APPLICANT Information Examination ID Full Name Exactly as shown on your passport Date of Birth YYYY/MM/DD Gender Male/Female Email name@example.com Emergency Contact +82-10-1234-5678 Semester of Entry ☐ Spring 2027 Department Mueunjae School of Undergraduate Studies International Undergraduate Admissions 76 8. Official Score Report of English Language Proficiency Test Score* ☐ IELTS ☐ TOEFL ☐ TEPS ☐ TOEIC (L&R) ☐ Request for exemption with the official Medium of Instruction (MOI) Letter issued by the high school 9. Letter of Consent and Request (Verification of Academic Records/학력조회동의서 및 의뢰서) * No need to contact the school registrar to have Registrar's Verification section completed before submission 10. Applicant's Passport Issuance Record (여권 발급기록 증명서) Issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs* 11. Applicant's Entry & Departure Record(s) of Korea (출입국에 대한 사실증명)* 12. Applicant's Power of Attorney for Requesting Entry & Departure Record(s) (출입국사실증명발급·열람 신청서)* II. Optional Documents (Recommended) 13-1. Standardized Test Scores (must be sent directly from the testing agency through score reporting)* □ SAT □ AP □ IB □ ACT □ Others (____________) * Score reporting is mandatory if the applicant's high school curriculum follows IB. 13-2. Standardized Test Scores (for tests without score reporting support)* □ A-Level □ Others (____________) * Certified/notarized copies equivalent to the original must be submitted by post and will be accepted only if they can be verified by the Admissions Office through the official verification system. 14. Academic Honors, Awards, or Prizes 15. High School Profile (highly recommended) 16. Extracurricular, Club, or Volunteer Activities 17. Explanatory Statement Form with Supporting Documents 18. School Calendar III. Other Documents * Additional materials not listed above (e.g., documents related to post-secondary enrollment or study) may be submitted when relevant and necessary. Please number each document and clearly indicate its title. These materials will be reviewed at the university's discretion. Applicants are encouraged to submit supporting documents for any significant gap period after high school graduation or other unrecorded periods relevant to their academic or enrollment history. • Applicants who are preliminarily admitted must submit the required original hardcopy documents by post to the Admissions Office by the designated deadline in order to receive a final offer. Any additional materials requested for eligibility verification or document review must also be submitted by the specified deadline. Failure to comply may result in the offer being withdrawn or the application being disqualified. [Documents should be mailed to: Office of POSTECH Admissions, Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH) Tae-Joon Park Digital Library #231, 77 Cheongam-Ro, Nam-gu, Pohang, Gyeongbuk, Republic of Korea, 37673 Tel) +82 54 279 3626, 3629 Email) postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr • POSTECH reserves the right to revoke an offer of admission or terminate a student's registration, should it be discovered later that: a false statement has been made; a false document has been provided; documentation has been altered or if there has been an omission of significant information. • All submitted documents, including originals (e.g., apostilled or Korean consular-authenticated documents) and notarized copies, will not be returned regardless of the enrollment or registration decision. Spring 2027 77 International Undergraduate OFFICE OF ADMISSIONS TEL. +82-54-279-3610 FAX. +82-54-279-3725 EMAIL. postech-iuadmission@postech.ac.kr WEBSITE. https://adm-iu.postech.ac.kr/ MAILING ADDRESS. POSTECH Undergraduate Admissions, 77 Cheongam-Ro, Nam-Gu, Pohang, Gyeongbuk, Republic of Korea, 37673 WORKING HOURS. Monday to Friday (excluding holidays), 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM (KST)