Skip to main content Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Apply Here FAQs Contact Us About About Nagoya University President's Message English-Taught Programs Faculty Information About Nagoya City News Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Graduate Research Group After Admission (For Undergraduate only) Student Life Facility Student Support For Parents Student Voice Future and Career Future and Career Career Path of Alumni Scholarship Tuition and Finances Scholarship and Financial Aid Publications Pamphlets Photos Video For Visitors Scroll Down Undergraduate Programs Automotive Engineering Program Mechanical Engineering - School of Engineering Electrical, Electronic and Information Engineering - School of Engineering Physics Program - School of Science Chemistry Program - School of Science - School of Engineering Biological Science Program - School of Science (Biology) - School of Agricultural Sciences (Applied Bioscience) Social Science Program - School of Law - School of Economics Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies (JACS) Program - School of Humanities Curriculum Admissions Statistics Graduate Programs Automotive Engineering Program - Graduate School of Engineering Master Doctor Civil and Environmental Engineering Program - Graduate School of Engineering Master Doctor - Graduate School of Environmental Studies Master Doctor Earth and Environmental Sciences Program - Graduate School of Environmental Studies Master Doctor Engineering Physics Program - Graduate School of Engineering Master Doctor Physics and Mathematics Program - Graduate School of Science Master Doctor - Graduate School of Mathematics Master Doctor Chemistry Program - Graduate School of Science Master Doctor - Graduate School of Engineering Master Doctor Biological and Bioagricultural Sciences Program - Graduate School of Science Master Doctor - Graduate School of Bioagricultural Sciences Master Doctor - Graduate School of Medicine Master Doctor Master of Public Health Program - Graduate School of Medicine Master Doctor Medical Science Program - Graduate School of Medicine Master Doctor Economics and Business Administration Program - Graduate School of Economics Master Doctor Linguistics and Cultural Studies Program - Graduate School of Humanities Master Doctor Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies Program - Graduate School of Humanities Master Doctor Other Programs Law and Political Science Program - Graduate School of Law Master Doctor International Development and Cooperation Course - Graduate School of International Development Master Doctor Young Leaders' Program (YLP) Healthcare Administration Course - Graduate School of Medicine Master Doctor Apply Here FAQs Contact Us About About Nagoya University President's Message English-Taught Programs Faculty Information About Nagoya City News Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Graduate Research Group After Admission (For Undergraduate only) Student Life Facility Student Support For Parents Student Voice Future and Career Future and Career Career Path of Alumni Scholarship Tuition and Finances Scholarship and Financial Aid Publications Pamphlets Photos Video For Visitors Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Apply Here FAQs Contact Us © GLOBAL 30 INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS ALLRIGHTS RESERVED. Home Admission Undergraduate Program Undergraduate Program Scroll right to see more Undergraduate Program Admissions Wherever you currently live, you can simply apply through the Nagoya University Online Admissions System. We employ a comprehensive selection approach, and the admission consists of two parts: paper-screening and interview/oral examination. There will be no paper examination during the preliminary screening; thus, your academic background will be evaluated based on your school records, essays, and recommendation letters while we also take into consideration non-academic activities, such as extra-curricular activities or volunteer work. Based on the application documents submitted, short-listed applicants will be invited for the next screening, an interview/oral examination, which will be conducted via video conference system or Voice over Internet Protocol. The admissions results will be announced on the online admissions system, and you will also receive an email of your application status change. Download Forms for Application You can download the admissions-related documents. Certificate of Prospective Graduation Form Nagoya University Global 30 Undergraduate Scholarship Application Confidental Physics Learning Checklist (mandatory only for physics applicants) Download Appendix You can download Appendix. Appendix 1: List of English Qualifications Appendix 2: Requirement for Referee A Appendix 3: Guidelines for Curriculum-specific Application Documents and Recommended Documents Appendix 4.How to Pay Fees Appendix 5. Essay Questions for Applications to Nagoya University International Programs (Undergraduate) Academic Year 2026 Appendix 6. Application Schedule Important dates for 2027 Admissions (JST) 1st Round Online Application System Opens November 2, 2026 at 9:00 Application Deadline November 19, 2026 at 12:00 noon Interview Screening February-March Final Decision Announcement March 15, 2027 2nd Round Online Application System Opens January 5, 2027 at 9:00 Application Deadline January 21, 2027 at 12:00 noon Interview Screening April Final Decision Announcement April 26, 2027 Other Information Application Documents What to Submit During the primary document screening, we will evaluate your application based on the documents you uploaded to our online application portal. If you pass the primary screening , you should submit the following original or certified copies of the documents with * by the designated deadline (see Step 4 in the step-by-step guide). We will notify all applicants of the primary screening results through the online admissions system. Note that all documents must be written in English or submitted together with a certified true copy of English translation and the original document. Country-Specific Qualifications PDF (See "How to Submit Official Documents") * = Official copies of the documents required at the second stage of screening Certificate of Graduation (or Prospective Graduation)* The Certificate of Graduation (or Prospective Graduation) from high/(upper) secondary school. The Certificate of Graduation (or Prospective Graduation) must include the school's official seal or signature . If you have not yet graduated from high school, you may submit a prospective graduation award letter. A template for that can be download from this website. If your school has their own template for Prospective Graduation Form, you may upload that instead (does not need to be our template). Donwload Academic Transcript from High School* A high school academic transcript must include the school's official seal or signature . Please submit a transcript which shows your grades/marks from the most recent two (or more) full academic years of high/(upper) secondary school. If available, a school grading scale should be attached. Note: Some applicants are required to submit curriculum specific qualification(s) in addition to the high school transcripts. You can check the requirements for your curriculum below Curriculum-specific Application Documents National Exam Scores* Whilst not completely mandatory, we strongly encourage students to provide results from national examinations if available, for example: SSC (Bangladesh), CBSE X (India), SMP (Indonesia), O-level (Singapore), HKDSE (Hong Kong), and GAOKAO (China). Please refer to the file below for curriculum-specific application requirements and recommended documents. This document also includes the recommended subjects for each program. Curriculum-specific Application Documents and Recommended Documents Standardized Test Scores* Although not compulsory, applicants are highly recommended to submit SAT, ACT, EJU or some other standardized test scores. Please check the Curriculum-specific Application Documents and Recommended Documents file to see recommended subjects for each major. You can also find recommended standardized test scores for some of the programs on the program pages: https://admissions.g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp/undergraduate/ In general, applications with higher standardized test scores tend to be more higly evaluated. How to submit : During the primary screening, please upload a soft copy of your score report or screenshot of the scores on the Online Admission System. Documents uploaded on the Online Admission System for the primary screening must be readable and contain your full name and the scores (see below). A scanned copy of an official score report A screenshot where we can see your full name and scores Photo of your ID and the PC screen where a test result is displayed. If you pass the primary screening and are invited to the interviews, please request a testing institution to send an official score report to Nagoya University. Both a paper copy and an electronic version can be accepted and are treated equally. Please note that it might take some time for the International Admissions Office to receive your results. SAT and AP institutional code: 6535 ACT institutional code: 5480 Curriculum-specific Application Documents and Recommended Documents English Language Proficiency Test Score* Please submit proof of meeting the English proficiency requirement. You can check the accepted English qualifications and their minimum scores from Appendix 1 attached below. Applicants who have completed three or more consecutive years of education at the secondary level, including the final year, with English as the primary language of instruction are exempt from submitting an English proficiency test score. However, they must provide an official signed and stamped statement from their school confirming that the medium of instruction is English. For the primary screening, applicants may upload a PDF copy of their English proficiency test score or school statement through the online application system. Applicants who progress to the secondary screening (interviews) are required to arrange for their official score report to be sent directly from the testing institution, or submit an official signed and stamped statement issued by their high school. Please use the following institutional codes when sending your English proficiency test scores to us. TOEFL: 7256 IELTS: Nagoya University International Programs Duolingo English Test: Nagoya University Undergraduate Admissions In case the official score report does not arrive the International Admissions Office by the application deadline, please upload a soft copy of your score report or screenshot on the Online Admissions System. List of English Qualifications Two Essays Applicants are required to submit two essays : one motivational essay and one program-specific essay. Please refer to the essay questions for this year listed below. Essays must be written using the Word templates provided in the online application system (only available once the application portal is open for applications) and must adhere to the prescribed word count. If you include citations, be sure to list all sources in a reference section at the end of your essay. Proper use of citations and references will strengthen the evaluation of your work. In accordance with Nagoya University regulations, the use of generative AI tools to create text or any other content-including essays-for application documents is strictly prohibited. Please note that all essays will be checked using AI-detection software. Essay Questions for G30 Undergraduate Program Applications (2026) Reference Letter(s) All applicants are required to submit at least one reference letter . Some programs specify which subject teacher must provide the letter. Please check the Requirements for Referee A file below to confirm the requirements for your program. In addition to the required letter, we strongly recommend submitting a second reference letter . Applications with two recommendation letters are considered stronger. The reference letter must: Be written on official school letterhead Be signed or stamped by the referee Be submitted either (a) online using the referee's official school email address, or (b) sent by post directly by the referee Requirements for Referees Both recommendation letters must come from your high school teachers or staff (such as a counselor or principal). Letters from college professors, cram school teachers, family members, or employers will not be accepted. For applicants to the Physics program, Referee A is required to complete the Physics Learning Checklist (attached below). Please ensure that the checklist is submitted together with the reference letter, either online (recommended) or by post. Requirements for Referee A Copy of Passport / Government Issued ID card and Copy of Residence Card Please upload this document to the Online Admissions System. If you have dual citizenships and hold a Japanese nationality , please submit a copy of your Japanese passport as well. Foreign nationals residing in Japan need to submit a copy of the front and back side of their residence card (在留カード). Scholarship Application Form and Income Statement (for Students Applying for Scholarships) If you submit your application for the G30 International Programs, you will automatically be considered as an applicant for the G30 Scholarship. Please upload both a scholarship application form and an income statement of your financial supporter(s) on the Online Admissions System. The income statement should include the annual income and be translated into English. You can submit one of the documents listed below: - Tax Exemption Certificate For Income, Tax Return/Record Certificate, etc. - Paycheck stub for 12 months or Employment Verification Letter which include salary information - Statements from banks such as a balance certificate If you have decided not to be considered for the G30 Scholarship, it is not required to submit. Global 30 Undergraduate Scholarship Application Form Reference Letters (for Referees) General Instructions Submission Method a) Online <Strongly Recommended> When the applicant enters the referee's information in the system, the system will send an automated email to the referees. We highly recommend using the referee's school email address. Due to increased security measures by the service providers, some Email accounts from private email domains might be unable to receive the links from the system. If you do not receive the email from the system, please check a spam box or to email the letter directly to the International Admissions Office (g30ug-app@t.mail.nagoya-u.ac.jp). Note that this email is only for receiving application documents. b) Post by the Referee The letter should be enclosed in a sealed envelope. The applicant's full name and applicant ID number (or application number if already available) must be written on the envelope. All reference letters must: Be written on official school letterhead Be signed or stamped by the referee Be submitted either (a) online using the referee's official school email address, or (b) sent by post directly by the referee Download the Learning Checklist (Only applicants to the Physics Program) Dear Referee, For applicants to the Physics program, you are kindly requested to complete the Physics Learning Checklist (attached below). Please submit the completed checklist together with your reference letter, either online (recommended) or by post. Thank you very much for your support in the application process. Confidential Learning Checklist (Only for Physics Program) Undergraduate Admission Process Step-by-Step Guide Start - Check Eligibility Criteria All applicants with international qualification must fulfill one of the requirements. If you are not sure about your eligibility, please send the Contact Form to the Admissions Office a month before the first day of the application round for which you are applying. 1. The applicant must have received education primarily outside of the Japanese education system for at least two years during the last three years of his/her secondary education and must fall under one of the classifications (a - c) below. a. The applicant has completed, or is expected to complete, a 12-year curriculum by September 30, in an education institution located in a foreign country* (including any period spent in education in a regular course of study in Japan) or has completed an equivalent education program that has been designated by the Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan (MEXT). b. The applicant has acquired, or is expected to acquire the International Baccalaureate , the Abitur , the Baccalauréat , or the General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced Level (A-Level), Cambridge International A Levels or the European Baccalaureate by September 30. c. The applicant has completed or is expected to complete, a 12-year education curriculum by September 30 in a school accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges ( WASC ), the Association of Christian Schools International ( ACSI ), the European Council of International Schools ( CIS )*, or New England Association of Schools and Colleges ( NEASC ), Cognia and COBIS (Council of British International Schools).. (*) Upon completion of the 12- year curriculum, students are qualified for admission to a university in a respective country. 2. The applicant must have passed a recognized test/examination to determine whether he/she possesses academic ability equivalent or superior to that obtained from a 12-year curriculum in a foreign country's education system and will be at least 18 years old by September 30. Applicants who fall under eligibility category 2 must submit scores from one of the standardized or national examinations. 3. Applicants who do not fall under any of the eligibility provisions in 1 to 2 and will be at least 18 years by September 30 must go through an individual review process. Please contact the Admissions Office before November 4th. Step 1 - Create an Online Application Profile Start by creating and online application profile here: Online Application System After creating your account, you will be asked to input your personal information and academic background into the Online Admission System. You also need to upload soft copies of most of the supporting documents onto the system in order to complete the online application. Finally, please pay the application fee via the online admission system using PayPal, Flywire or Domestic Bank Transfer (only inside Japan) . Once you complete your online application, you are required to pay a non-refundable application fee (5,000 JPY) via the online admission system using PayPal , Flywire or Domestic Bank Transfer (for those who currently live in Japan). Note that if you choose to pay through bank transfer, it will take longer to confirm your payment and issue the application number. After you complete your payment, an application number will be given to you and you can check your application status by logging into the Online Admissions System. Step 2 - Submit the Application Documents Online After you complete your online application, the Admissions Office (AO) will begin reviewing the documents you submitted both through the system and by post. Note that you will be considered an applicant only after the application fee is paid . Upon confirmation of your payment, the Admissions Office will check your application documents and contact you regarding any missing documents through the online application system. Before the deadline, the AO may inform you of any missing documents via the message function in the online application system to help you complete your application on time. Any application documents that arrive after the application deadline will not be accepted and applications with missing documents will not be evaluated. To ensure enough time for corrections, we strongly recommend submitting your application well in advance of the deadline. Step 3 - Confirm Your Availability Via Portal and Take an Interview The primary and final screening results will be announced on the system on the date specified on the admission requirements, so please make sure to check the results as soon as possible and do not forget to confirm your availability for an interview by a given deadline. When we announce the primary screening result, interview details will be shown on your page including the date and the interview method and you can just reply to our invitation through the system. In case you fail to reply, your interview will be cancelled. The interview/oral examination will take about 45 minutes for Engineering and Science programs and about 30 minutes for Social Sciences and Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies programs. As it is important for us to receive your response, please keep checking your page even after you complete the online application . Step 4 - Submit Original / Certified True Copies Before the Deadline Your application can be considered complete and eligible for the primary screening without submitting original documents. However, if you pass the primary screening, you will be required to submit original documents or certified true copies. If you initially submit only soft copies, please make sure to send the originals or certified true copies by the designated deadline. You may also ask your school counselor to contact the Admissions Office directly regarding document submission. Postal Address: Admissions Office, G30 International Program Nagoya University Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8601 Japan Email: Detailed instructions, including the designated email address for sending official documents, will be provided to you through the Admissions System (T-Cens). If you cannot find this information, please contact the Admissions Office via the message function in T-Cens. We strongly recommend sending documents by registered express mail or an equivalent courier service (e.g., FedEx, DHL, UPS). Step 5 - See Admission Result and Pay Registration Fee Admission results will be announced via the Online Admissions System by the dates indicated in our admission requirements. Applicants who have been placed on the waiting list will also be notified via the Online Admissions System. Step 6 - Complete Pre-arrival Procedures Pre-arrival information will be provided to successful applicants via the Online Admissions System. Visa Application (For Non-Japanese Nationals / Non-Permanent Residents of Japan) Non-Japanese nationals are required to obtain an appropriate visa in order to study in Japan. The most common type for international students is the Student Visa , which permits enrollment at Nagoya University. The visa application process begins once your application for a Certificate of Eligibility (CoE) is approved by Nagoya University. To apply for the CoE, admitted students must submit: An electronic ID photo A copy of their passport A bank statement verifying that their financial supporter(s) have sufficient funds to cover study in Japan (at least JPY 1,000,000). The bank account may be held by the student or by their financial supporter(s). Students awarded the Nagoya University Global 30 Undergraduate Scholarship must also submit a bank statement verifying that their financial supporter has at least JPY 500,000. Once your CoE is issued, you will need to apply for a Student Visa at the nearest Japanese diplomatic mission (embassy or consulate). The process typically takes a few weeks after the CoE application is submitted to the Nagoya Immigration Bureau. Detailed instructions will be provided to admitted students. How to Pay Fees - What options are available? From Abroad Paypal or Bank Transfer (select Flywire) *Flywire offers a couple of payment options including a bank transfer, credit/debit card depending on the country you are trying to pay from. Pay through the Online Admissions System using PayPal or Flywire. No direct bank transfer permitted from overseas. If you wish to send money directly from your bank account in your country, select Flywire (note: a bank transfer option might not be available in some countries or territories). If you select the bank transfer method on Flywire, payment instructions that contain bank account details will be provided at the end of the payment request process on the Online Admissions System. The two companies, partnered with Nagoya University, offers easy and securely pay options which streamline cross-border transactions. To access a service, you need to go and log on to the Online Admissions System and then proceed to the pay page. For information about the services, please refer to the service provider's websites: PayPal Flywire From Japan PayPal, Credit Card (please select Flywire) or Domestic Bank Transfer If you wish to pay with a credit card, please select Flywire when logging onto the Online Admissions System and proceeding to the pay page. If you choose to pay by a domestic bank transfer, please know that it will take at least two to three days to confirm your pay from our end. Please don't forget to upload a payment proof (振込明細書, transaction report, bank statement and so on) before the designated deadline. Any charges related to a bank transfer should be paid by the applicant. Some banks may not clearly indicate any processing fees for a recipient to accept a payment but remember that such processing fees should be also borne by the applicant. Ask if it's incurred when you are sending money or included in the charges paid from a sender's side. Regarding Interview How to prepare for the interview? As a part of your interview/oral examination preparation, please take a look at the videos available in the following link to familiarize yourself with mathematics questions that will be asked during the interviews for the Engineering and Science programs. Pre-College Mathematics Interview Format During the interview, you will be asked academic questions related to the program you have applied for . For economics, law and Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies program , the interview will primarily focus on your application and motivation for applying to Nagoya University. For science and engineering programs , the interview will consist of a personal interview and an oral examination . Oral Examination Guidelines (Science & Engineering Programs) You can use dark-colored marker pens, pencils, and blank paper . Electronic calculators and textbooks containing mathematical formulas are not allowed . The exam will include high school-level program-specific questions and mathematics questions . Applicants to Automotive Engineering and Physics programs should be mainly prepared to answer mathematics and physics questions. Applicants to Chemistry and Biology programs should be mainly prepared to answer biology, chemistry, and mathematics questions. Math problems will be at a level similar to the Pre-College Mathematics materials available at Pre-College Mathematics We encourage you to practice solving problems using just pen and paper and review your high school textbooks to prepare effectively. Deadline to Submit Official Documents For applicants who pass the primary screening only Important notes Any of the application documents submitted cannot be returned under any circumstances. Thus, if the original document can be issued only once, please submit a certified true copy. The certified true copy can be issued by your school, the Japanese embassy, or a notary office. For more information about the supporting documents, please click Country-Specific Qualifications PDF for the admission requirements. Applicants who do not submit the originals by the designated deadline will be excluded from the secondary screening stage (interview). 1st Round March 8, 2027, 16:00 JST 2nd Round April 16, 2027, 16:00 JST Pre-departure Information Got accepted? Congratulations! Are you worried about tons of paperwork? Don't worry. Step by step guidance will be given to help you navigate through procedures which could seem otherwise complex. Find more information on the pre-departure and post arrival information page. Pre-Departure and Post Arrival Information Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Apply Here FAQs Contact Us © GLOBAL 30 INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS ALLRIGHTS RESERVED.