1 Nagoya University International Programs Admission Requirements for Undergraduate Students for Academic Year 2027 (October Admission) Nagoya University invites students (foreign nationals, Japanese nationals, and permanent residents of Japan) to apply for its Global 30 International Programs (full degree undergraduate programs with English as a medium of instruction) 2027 Intake, according to the terms and conditions stated as follows. 2 Contents Admission Policy ................................................................................................................... 3 I. Eligibility for Application ................................................................................................... 3 II. Application Requirements ................................................................................................ 6 Ⅲ. Selection Criteria.............................................................................................................. 6 Ⅳ. Application Procedure ..................................................................................................... 7 1. Application Periods ......................................................................................................... 11 2. Payment of Application Fee ............................................................................................ 12 3. Submitting Required Documents ................................................................................... 13 4. List of Application Documents ....................................................................................... 16 5. Applicants with Special Needs ....................................................................................... 25 6. Other ................................................................................................................................. 25 Ⅴ. Selection Method ........................................................................................................... 26 Ⅵ. Announcement of Admission Results ......................................................................... 27 Ⅶ. Admission Procedure .................................................................................................... 27 1. Payment of the Registration Fee .................................................................................... 27 2. Other Fees Required After Enrollment .......................................................................... 28 3. For applicants who have not yet completed their high school education at the time of application: ...................................................................................................................... 28 Ⅷ. Other ............................................................................................................................... 29 Ⅸ. Inquiries .......................................................................................................................... 29 Appendix 1 List of English Qualifications (Application Requirements II. 2) .................. 30 Appendix 2 Requirements for Referee A ........................................................................... 31 Appendix 3 Guidelines for Curriculum-specific Application Documents and Recommended Subjects ..................................................................................................... 32 Appendix 4 How to Pay Fees .............................................................................................. 36 Appendix 5 Essay Questions ............................................................................................. 37 Appendix 6 Application Process Flow Overview .............................................................. 41 3 Admission Policy Please refer to the University's General Admission Policy on the Nagoya University website at: https://nuqa.nagoya-u.ac.jp/policies/en/b.html I. Eligibility for Application The applicant must satisfy one of the requirements below to be eligible to apply for Nagoya University's International Programs. 1 The applicant must have received education primarily outside of the Japanese education system for at least two years during the last three years of his/her secondary education, and must fall under one of the classifications (a - c) below: a. The applicant has completed, or is expected to complete, a 12 -year curriculum by September 30, 2027, in an education institution located in a foreign country *1 (including any period spent in education in a regular course of study in Japan) or has completed an equivalent education program that has been designated by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan (MEXT).*2 b. The applicant has acquired, or is expected to acquire the International Baccalaureate, the Abitur, the Baccalauréat, the General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced Level (A -Level), Cambridge International A Levels or the European Baccalaureate by September 30, 2027. (Including the case in which the applicant has graduated, or is expected to graduate from an International Baccalaureate-accredited or International A -Level accredited high school or secondary school in Japan that is recognized under Article 1 of the School Education Act of Japan, and has obtained the International Baccalaureate qualification or Cambridge International A -Levels qualification, or is expected to obtain it by September 30, 2027.) c. The applicant has completed or is expected to complete, a 12 -year education curriculum by September 30, 2027 in a school accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI), the European Council of International Schools (CIS)*, New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC) , Cognia and COBIS (Council of British International Schools).*3 Schools recognized by ECIS (the Educational Collaborative for International Schools) before the legal separation occurred in 2003, with the birth of the Council of International Schools (CIS) as the entity to handle accreditation services, are also deemed as having received accreditation. 2 The applicant must have passed a recognized test/examination to determine whether he/she possesses academic ability equivalent or superior to that obtained from a 12-year curriculum in a foreign country's education system and will be at least 18 years old by September 30, 2027. Applicants who fall under eligibility category 2. must submit scores from one of the national examinations or standardized tests, in addition to meeting all the application requirements stated in section II. 3 Applicants who do not fall under any of the eligibility provisions in 1. to 2. must have attained a level of 4 academic ability equivalent to or higher than that of a high school graduate, which is recognized in an individual eligibility review process conducted by Nagoya University, and will be at least 18 years old by September 30, 2027.*4 (The applicant must have received education outside the Japanese education system for at least two years during the last three years of his/her secondary education.) Notes: *1 Note: The 12-year curriculum refers to the 12 -year system of elementary and secondary education leading to university education, the completion of which is recognized as a n academic qualification for admission to a university in the respective country. *2 Note: The phrase "designated by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology" includes the following individuals: a. Those who have attained a high school qualification or equivalent in foreign countries other than Japan and have completed a preparatory education course for university entrance in Japan as prescribed by MEXT. b. Those who have completed secondary education in foreign other countries than Japan which is equivalent to a Japanese high school education designated by MEXT and meet the following criteria: (1) The applicant must complete an 11-year (or more) curriculum. https://www.mext.go.jp/en/policy/education/highered/title02/detail02/sdetail02/1395423.html (2) The applicant who completes the designated curriculum in their country should be granted the right to enter an educational institution equivalent to a university or any higher education institution in Japan. (3) Such a curriculum must be recognized as being compatible to Japanese high schools ' and teaching subjects equivalent or similar to those taught at Japanese high schools. c. Those who have completed secondary education equivalent to a Japanese high school education (with 12 years of formal education) at an educational institution located in Japan and recognized under the educational system of that country. (For details, please see "Ⅸ. Inquiries" below) *3 Note: If your school is recognized by WASC, ACSI, CIS, NEASC, Cognia or COBIS, you will satisfy the eligibility requirement 1. c. Please check your school's accreditation on the website of each accrediting body: WASC (Western Association of Schools and Colleges): http://www.acswasc.org/ ACSI (Association of Christian Schools International): https://www.acsi.org/ CIS (Council of International Schools): http://www.cois.org/ NEASC (New England Association of Schools and Colleges): https://www.neasc.org/ Cognia: https://www.cognia.org/ COBIS (Council of British International Schools): https://www.cobis.org.uk/ *4 Note: Applicants who wish to apply under eligibility provision 3. mentioned above must contact the Admissions Office for the International Programs at least one month before the first day of the application period 5 within which you intend to apply in order to separately and individually complete an eligibility check to see if you are qualified. 6 II. Application Requirements In addition to the Eligibility for Application mentioned in section I above, the applicant must meet all of the following requirements: 1 The applicant must have demonstrated excellent academic achievement in high school. 2 Applicants who graduate from a high school where the primary language of instruction is not English must submit one of the English language proficiency test scores listed in Appendix 1. However, applicants who have completed three or more consecutive years of education - including the final year of secondary education - in which English was the medium of instruction are exempt from submitting English test scores. In this case, they need to submit a certificate issued by their school that clearly states that English is the medium of instruction. You can download a template for the certificate from our website: https://admissions.g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp/admissions/undergraduate/#documents Ⅲ. Selection Criteria Nagoya University employs a comprehensive selection approach that considers the following academic and non-academic criteria: 1. Academic performance in high school 2. Test scores of national exams and other standardized tests (see Appendix 3 and the information on the G30 website for reference). While standardized test scores are not compulsory, they are highly recommended. 3. Outstanding academic performance in your chosen field 4. Outstanding work on a special project in a field related to your research field 5. Special talents, achievements, and awards 6. Essays 7. Letters of Reference 8. Performance in interview/oral examination 7 Ⅳ. Application Procedure Below is a quick rundown of the steps you need to take to apply to Nagoya University G30 Undergraduate Program. You can find the application timeline in the Appendix 6: Application Process Flow Overview section. Each step is explained in more detail in this Application Guideline. Check Eligibility Criteria Check the eligibility requirements to see if you are eligible to apply for Nagoya University's International Programs. If you are not sure about your eligibility, you must contact the Admissions Office for the International Programs at least one month prior to the application deadline for each round you are applying to complete the prescribed procedures for eligibility review. >>> I. Eligibility for Application >>>Ⅸ. Inquiries Collect required application documents Check the list of necessary documents. >>> List of Application Documents All application documents must be in English or submitted together with a certified true copy of English translation and the original document. Those documents must be translated and verified by a notary and attest the quality or accuracy of the translation. >>> List of Application Documents >>> What is considered as a certified copy? Register the Online Admissions System Create a new account during the application period. The registered email address should be your private email address. Fill out the required information in the online admissions system and upload all required documents. "Please note that reference letter must be uploaded by your referee, not by yourself." Please contact him/her well in advance to submit their letters by the application deadline. Online Admissions System for Undergraduate Programs STEP 01 STEP 02 STEP 03 8 Submit your application by paying the Application Fee (First Round Deadline: November 19 (12:00 noon JST), 2026) (Second Round Deadline: January 21 (12:00 noon JST), 2027) Pay the application fee via the Online Admissions System by the application deadline. >>> Payment of Application Fee >>> Appendix 4 How to Pay Fees >>> Application Periods Check the Online Admissions System Please check the Online Admissions System message function regularly. We will contact you if there are any missing documents. If you are unable to check your messages, please send an email to the International Admissions Office. Primary Screening Results Announcement (First Round: February 3, 2027 / Second Round: March 24, 2027) The result of the primary screening will be announced through the Online Admission s System. Make sure to check the Online Admissions System after the announcement. >>>V. Selection Method >>> Ⅸ. Inquiries Confirm the interview date and time Confirm your availability for the interview by the designated deadline. Applicants who fail to confirm their interview time by the deadline will no longer be considered for admissions to the G30 International Programs at Nagoya University. >>> V. Selection Method STEP 04 STEP 06 STEP 07 STEP 05 9 Submit official and/or certified documents (First Round Deadline: March 8 (16:00JST), 2027) (Second Round Deadline: April 16 (16:00JST), 2027) Submit the original and/or certified copies of some application documents by the deadline . We recommend that official documents are submitted via official school email by a school counselor or school representative. However, you may also submit your official documents to us by post. If you are not sure about the original and/or certified copies, please check the following section. Applicants who do not submit official or certified true copies of the designated documents by the prescribed deadline will be regarded as having withdrawn from the admissions process. >>> List of Application Documents >>> What is considered as a certified copy? >>> How to send hard copies of official and/or certified documents Interview / Oral Examination Only shortlisted applicants will be invited for an interview / oral examination via Zoom. Applicants who apply for STEM programs will be asked to solve high school-level mathematics, chemistry, biology, or physics questions. >>> V. Selection Method https://ocw.nagoya-u.jp/en/courses/0516-Pre-college-Mathematics-Optional-subject-2015/ Announcement of Admission Results (First Round: March 15, 2027 / Second Round: April 26, 2027) Admission results will be announced via the Online Admissions System. Applicants who have been placed on the waiting list will also be notified via the Online Admissions System. >>> VI. Announcement of Admission Results >>> Ⅸ. Inquiries STEP 08 STEP 09 STEP 10 10 Pay Registration fee (First Round: March 29 or April 5, 2027 / Second Round: May 10 or 17, 2027) Pay the registration fee via the Online Admissions System by the payment deadline. If the applicant fails to pay the fee by the appropriate deadline designated, (s)he will be regarded as having withdrawn from the admission process >>>Payment of the Registration Fee >>> How to Pay Fees Enrollment Procedures Admitted students will be informed of the detailed instructions through the Online Admissions System. After Admission Submit official copies of graduation or academic qualifications Applicants who have not yet earned an academic qualification equivalent to high school graduation must ensure that official copies of a certificate of graduation or an academic qualification, record of final academic transcripts, test results of international or national exam scores are sent to the Admissions Office for the International Programs on or before August 1, 2027. >>> 3. For applicants who have not yet completed their high school education at the time of application STEP 11 STEP 12 STEP 13 11 1. Application Periods Application documents and the application fee are accepted during the following periods only. Admission Round Starts Deadline First Round November 2, 2026, 9:00 (JST or UTC +9) November 19, 2026, 12:00 noon (JST or UTC +9) Second Round January 5, 2027, 9:00 (JST or UTC +9) January 21, 2027, 12:00 noon (JST or UTC +9) Availability of Programs Programs School Automotive Engineering School of Engineering (Mechanical Engineering Course) School of Engineering (Electrical, Electronic/Information Engineering Course) Physics School of Science Chemistry School of Science School of Engineering Biological Science School of Science School of Agricultural Sciences (Applied Biosciences) Social Sciences School of Law School of Economics Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies School of Humanities : First Round : Second Round 12 Notes: (1) Applicants can apply only once in an academic year for one program. (2) There will be no Second Round for the Chemistry Program (Science), the Biological Science Programs, the Social Sciences Programs and the Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies Program. (3) If the application fee is not fully received by the deadline, your application will not be considered. (4) If required documents are missing, y our application will be regarded a s incomplete. See List of Application Documents. (5) If you experience some difficulties with your payment or in filling out your application, please contact us through the Online Admissions System. Similarly, if we notice any issues with your application, we will contact you through the Online Admissions System. 2. Payment of Application Fee Please submit all required documents and pay the application fee according to the respective deadlines and methods prescribed. Please follow the instructions on page 24 when preparing your documents. Early payment is recommended to give sufficient time for the applicant to submit any missing documents after the initial check by the admissions office. Please check Appendix 4 on how to pay fees. Payment of Application Fee: Application fee: JPY 10,000 Please pay this fee online (recommended) or by domestic bank transfer. The application fee covers the costs of the document checking and screening process. Please note that the application fee is non -refundable and non-transferable. The sender is responsible for any service charge s related to bank transfers. However, in exceptional cases as specified below, the application fee can be refunded at the applicant's request after any charges including miscellaneous fees paid on a refund transaction are deducted. For further details, please contact the Admissions Office. a. Duplicate payments are made. b. Payment is made after the application deadline. 13 3. Submitting Required Documents Primary Screening (Document Evaluation): 1. Please upload the soft copies of the application documents onto the Online Admissions System within the respective application period. You can find the link to the Online Admissions System on our website: https://admissions.g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp/admissions/undergraduate/ *Please register an email address that can be used continuously before, during and after your stay in Japan. 2. Please make sure to check which official documents you need to submit from your education system/curriculum in the Appendix 3. Secondary Screening (Interview/Oral Examination): 1. Applicants who have passed the primary screening stage must submit original or certified true copies of some application documents. See how to submit the official documents here. 2. Applicants who do not submit the original or certified true copies by the deadline will be regarded as having withdrawn from the admission process. Furthermore, applicants who are discovered to have intentionally provided incorrect or false information will be excluded from the secondary screening stage. 3. Please submit certified true copies instead of original documents that cannot be reissued. Once submitted, documents will not be returned under any circumstances, including original certificates or other materials that cannot be reissued. More details about submitting the official documents and the deadlines for the submission are indicated in Application Process Flow Overview. What is considered as a certified copy? Your official documents need to fall under the following notes 1-4. For any questions, please contact the Admissions Office. (1) Applicants are required to submit an official or a certified true copy that is signed or stamped by the issuing institution or by a relevant authority. (2) Any copies without a school stamp or the signature of a school official are not accepted as certified copies. (3) Any photocopies that are printed versions of your application documents are not accepted. (4) For non-English documents, the issuing school or authority should provide English translations of all documents written in other languages and certify that the translations are equivalent to the original. If the school or authority does not provide such a service, the documents must be translated and verified by an outside translation organization and certified to be the same as those issued by the school or authority. We do not accept documents that are translated by the applicant themselves. Be sure to 14 submit both the original documents and the certified translations. For any questions, please contact the Admissions Office. How to send official and/or certified documents When submitting application documents that require the submission of originals or certified true copies, a. have them submitted via e-mail (recommended) by the high school you are attending, or b. mail them in a sealed envelope directly to our university by the school or the applicant. For details, please refer to the list of documents to be submitted. >>> List of Application Documents If it is difficult to submit the document by e-mail because the school does not have an address with the domain specific to the affiliated institution, etc., they can be submitted by mail to the Admissions Office by the school or the applicant. Please note that the signed or stamped original true copies must be put in an envelope and sealed by schools. How to send a. E-mail (recommended) Please have it submitted by a teacher or counselor from the school in which the applicant is /was enrolled, and sent by email to the Admissions Office. The e-mail address is limited to the one with the domain specific to the affiliated institution. We do not accept submission from e -mail accounts from some private email domains (such as gmail). When submitting, please write applicant's name and applicant's ID (or application number) in the email subject line as follows: Subject: Submission of original document (Applicant ID_Applicant Name) E-mail to: g30ug-app@t.mail.nagoya-u.ac.jp b. Post If submission by email is difficult-for example, if the school does not have an email address with a domain specific to the institution-documents may be sent by post to the Admissions Office, either by the school or the applicant. Please note that certifie d true copies bearing a signature or stamp must be placed in an envelope and sealed by the school. Address of the Admissions Office Mail to: Admissions Office for the G30 International Programs Nagoya University, Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8601 JAPAN TEL: +81-52-747-6556 (1) The applicant's full name and applicant ID must be written on the envelope when submitting application documents by post. (2) It is recommended that you send documents by registered express mail or an equivalent air courier (e.g. Federal Express, DHL, UPS, etc.). (3) When submitting documents by post, please make sure to obtain an online tracking number for your records. Due to the large number of applications, we cannot individually notify applicants that we have received your documents. For this reason, please ensure that you obtain a tracking number to confirm that your documents have arrived at our office. (4) Please do not staple any application documents. 15 Applicant Name Applicant ID (240000000000) OR Application Number (U240000) 16 4. List of Application Documents "The required application documents are listed in the table below. We recommend using the checklist to ensure that all application documents have been submitted and meet the specified criteria. Detailed requirements for each document can be found next section. All documents must be in English. For non-English documents, please see here. 〇: MANDATORY △: OPTIONAL Item with*= Official copies of the documents required at the second stage of screening ✓ Application Documents ☐ 〇 A Online Application Form □The registered email address should be your private email address. □Do not edit or alter the photograph. ☐ 〇 B Certificate of Graduation (or Prospective Graduation) * □Must include the school's seal or signature □Must include the (prospective) graduation year and month Certificate of Prospective Graduation Form ☐ 〇 C Academic Transcripts * □Must include the school's seal or signature □Grades/marks from the last two or more years of high school ☐ 〇 D Curriculum-specific application documents * □Applicants who fall under eligibility category 1b or 2 are required to submit additional documents>>> I. Eligibility for Application 17 ✓ Application Documents ☐ 〇 E English Proficiency Test Scores * □Scores/proof satisfy the English proficiency requirements >>> List of English Qualifications (Application Requirements II. 2) □The submitted English Proficiency Test was taken in December 2024 or later. □Applicants who have completed three or more consecutive years of education (including the final year of secondary school) in which English was the medium of instruction must submit a document that clearly states English as the language of instruction at the school. ☐ △ F Standardized Exam Scores (if available) * □Must be readable and contain your full name and scores □If possible, standardized test scores should be made available for verification by Nagoya University on the online portal of the examination board. ☐ 〇 G Two Essays □Use the template provided in the Online Admissions System. □Be sure to indicate the word count written at the bottom of each essay. □List your sources in a reference list at the end of your essay. □All essays are scanned using AI detecting software. ☐ 〇 H Letter of Reference □Referee must be a teacher or a counselor employed at the secondary school where the applicant has been or is currently enrolled. □Referee A must be a high school teacher in the academic field (subject area) the applicant wishes to major in. >>> Appendix 2: Requirement for Referee □The referee's official school email address is highly recommended to register for the Online Admissions System. □The reference letter must be written on an official school letterhead and be signed or stamped by the referee. □Applicants to the Physics Program must submit a Confidential Mathematics Learning Checklist in addition to the reference letter. >>> Confidential Learning Checklist (Only for Physics Program) 18 ✓ Application Documents ☐ △ I Documents Showing Other Strengths (if available) ☐ 〇 J Document Validating Your Nationality and Residence Status ☐ △ Both sides of the residence card issued in Japan (Zairyu card) (Only applicable to foreigners residing in Japan) ☐ △ K Scholarship Application Form (Only those who apply for G30 undergraduate scholarship) □Fill in your family information (including yourself) and check the boxes for the financial sponsors. □Must include your signature >>> Nagoya University Global 30 Undergraduate Scholarship Application ☐ △ L Income Statement (Only those who apply for G30 undergraduate scholarship) □Must prepare income statement for each sponsor if there are multiple sponsors. □Must include the annual income □- Statements from banks such as balance certificate - Official income statement from the government - Letter from employer ☐ △ M Payment Proof (Only those who paid the fee via domestic bank transfer) □振込明細書, transaction report, bank statement which states the time of transfer must be submitted and uploaded on the Online Admissions System. 19 A) Online Application Form Please apply via the Nagoya University Online Admissions System: https://admissions.g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp/admissions/undergraduate/ B)*Certificate of Graduation (or Prospective Graduation) The Certificate of Graduation (or Prospective Graduation) must include the (prospective) date of graduation, school's official seal or signature. If you haven't yet graduated from high school, you may submit a prospective graduation letter. A template for that can be downloaded from the Online Admissions System or on our website >>> Download Forms & Related Documents. If your school has their own template for Prospective of Graduation Certificate, you may upload that instead (does not need to be our template). It must be written in English or be submitted together with an official English translation. C)*Academic Transcripts High school academic transcripts must include the school's official seal or signature. Please submit grades/marks from the last two or more years of high school. - If you are currently in your final year of study：grades/marks from the two years you have completed and your predicted final year grades/marks - If you have already graduated：grades/marks from the last two years If available, a school grading scale should be attached. All documents must be written in English or be submitted together with an official English translation. D)*International/National Test Scores Some applicants are required to submit curriculum specific qualifications in addition to the high school transcripts. Make sure to check the Curriculum-specific application documents to learn which academic documents are required for your education system/curriculum. Applicants who fall under eligibility category 1b or 2 (see Section I). must submit their official scores from one of the standardized or national examinations. E)*English Proficiency Test Scores Please submit scores/proof satisfying the English proficiency requirements (see Appendix 1). Applicants who have completed three or more consecutive years of education, including the final year of secondary school, in which English was the medium of instruction are exempt from submitting a test score. However, they must provide a document that cle arly states English as the language of instruction at the school. For example, if you submit the Certificate of Prospective Graduation using our template, you can ask your school to fill in with "English" in the section that states the language of instruction. You can find the form 20 on our website. Documents uploaded on the Online Admissions System must be readable and contain your full name and scores (a copy of an official scores report or webpage showing your score). If you pass the primary screening stage, please request a testing institution to send an official score report to Nagoya University. Both a paper copy and an electronic version of the score report can be accepted and are treated equally. Please note that it might take some time for our office to receive your results. TOEFL Institutional code: 7256 (Nagoya University) *When entering the TOEFL institutional code, you might see "Graduate Programs" listed. Please do not worry, we receive all TOEFL scores sent to us using the code above. IELTS: Nagoya University International Programs Duolingo English Test: Nagoya University Undergraduate Admissions Please note that only the results of tests taken in December 2024 or later will be considered as valid for application. F)*Standardized Exam Scores (if available) Although not compulsory, applicants are highly recommended to submit SAT, ACT, EJU or some other standardized tests scores. If you pass the primary screening stage, please request a testing institution to send an official score report to Nagoya University. Both a paper copy and an electronic version can be accepted and are treated equally. Please note that it might take some time for our office to receive your results. SAT and AP institutional code: 6535 ACT institutional code: 5480 Please see Appendix 3 to confirm each program's recommended subjects on the various tests. Documents uploaded on the Online Admission s System for the primary screening must be readable and contain your full name and score s (a copy of an official score report or webpage showing your score: See below). - A scanned copy of an official score report - A screenshot where we can see your full name and scores - A photo of your ID and the PC screen where your test scores are displayed G) Two Essays Two essays are required. The essay questions are given on the "Appendix 5: Essay Questions" page of the admissions requirements. It is required to use the template provided in the Online Admissions System. Make sure that each essay is within the prescribed word count in English. Please upload your essays (must be converted into PDF) to the Online Admissions System. Please state the word count at the end of each essay. If you include citations, make a reference list at the end of the essay and cite your sources. Proper citations and use of references will contribute to the grade of your essay. The word count of the reference list will not be included in the total word count. 21 H) Letter of Reference Letter of Reference must be obtained from a referee who meets the requirements stated below. Submission Method（select a or b） a) online (recommended) b) by post directly from the referee Form - Letter of Reference must be written on an official school letterhead. - Letter of Reference must be signed or stamped by the referee. Requirements for Referee Referees must be a teacher or a counselor employed at the secondary school where the applicant has been or is currently enrolled. Referee A (mandatory): high school teacher in the academic field (subject area) the applicant wishes to major in. Please see Appendix 2 for details. Referee B (not mandatory but highly recommended): high school teacher or counselor who is able to evaluate the applicant's character. The Letter of Reference will be invalid if: -it is from university faculty (or teacher at higher educational institution) even if the applicant enrolls university after graduation from high school. -it is from family members, friends, language school or cram school teachers, co-worker, Items to be included (if applicable) If you have been involved in any of the activities listed below, please request that your referees include them in their letters of reference -Awards -presentation at international conferences -applied for a patent -participated in or won an academic competition as a representative -be involved in activities at the school (club leader, student council member, etc.) Note that the referee for the applicants to the Physics Program must submit a Confidential Mathematics Learning Checklist in addition to the Letter of Reference. You can find the Learning Checklist on the undergraduate admission page on our G30 website. https://admissions.g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp/wpcontent/uploads/2024/10/confidential_learning_checklist_only_physics_20241018.xlsx 22 Instructions/Submission Method a. Online (Recommended) When you enter the referee's information on the Online Admissions S ystem, the system will send an automated email to the referee. We recommend using the referee's school email address if possible when you register with the system. Please note that email accounts from some private email domains might be unable to receive the links from the system due to increased security measures in place by the service provider. In order for us to authenticate the reference letter it should be written on an official school letterhead and be signed or stamped by the referee. Note: If the referee does not receive the email from the system, please ask him/her to check his/her spam box or to send his/her letter directly to the Admissions Office by the prescribed deadline. When it is emailed, the applicant's full name and applicant ID (or application number if available) must be included in the email subject line as follows: Reference Letter (Applicant ID_Applicant Name_2027). Email to: g30ug-app@t.mail.nagoya-u.ac.jp b. Post, sent by the Referee Your referee can also send his/her letter of reference by post. In this case, the letter of reference should be signed or stamped and enclosed in a sealed envelope. T he applicant's full name and applicant ID (or application number if available) must be written on the envelope. Mail to: Admissions Office for the G30 International Programs Nagoya University, Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8601, JAPAN Tel: +81-52-747-6556 I) Documents Showing Other Strengths (if applicable) If you have any documents or certificates that demonstrate additional strengths-such as those related to competitions, internships, language ability or research projects-please upload them to the Online Admissions System. For any documents written in a language other than English, please attach an English translation. Those who are (or were) enrolled at a higher education institution after graduation from high school are also welcome to submit additional documents such as: - Transcript and enrollment certificate from tertiary education Note: the submission is optional. J) Document Validating Your Nationality and Residence Status Please upload the document(s) to the Online Admissions System. This document may be, for example, a copy of your passport or government issued ID. Please attach English translations of any documents that are written in languages other than English. Foreign nationals currently residing in Japan need to submit a copy of the front and back side of their residence card ( 在留カード) as 23 well. If you have Japanese nationality and you would like to apply as a Japanese National, please submit a copy of your Japanese passport. If you would like to apply as other than a Japanese National, please submit the documents to verify your nationalities including Japanese nationality. *Official certificates uploaded on the Online Admissions System must be readable and contain a face picture, your full name in English alphabet, nationality, and date of birth. K) Scholarship Application Form (only those who apply for the G30 Scholarship) When you submit your application to the G30 International Programs, you will automatically be considered as an applicant for the Nagoya University Global 30 Undergraduate Scholarship. If you choose to apply for this scholarship, please upload and submit the scholarship application form. Please fill in the information for yourself and your family members and check the boxes for the financial sponsors. The application form can be downloaded from the following G30 website. https://admissions.g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp/admissions/undergraduate/#documents *Please calculate Annual income and Annual expense in Japanese Yen. L) Income Statement (only those who apply for G30 Scholarship) If you wish to apply for the Nagoya University Global 30 Undergraduate Scholarship, please upload an income statement of your financial sponsor(s) which includes but not limited to: - Tax Exemption Certificate for Income, Tax Return/Record Certificate, etc. - Paycheck stubs for 12 months or Employment Verification Letter which include salary information - Statements from banks such as a balance certificate * Copies of bankbooks and online banking transaction histories will not be accepted. The income statement should include the annual income and must be translated into English. If there are multiple sponsors, income statements for each sponsor are required. If you do not want to be considered for the Nagoya University Global 30 Undergraduate Scholarship you are not required to submit the document. M) Payment Proof （only if paid by domestic bank transfer） If you have paid the application fee by domestic bank transfer, please upload the bank transfer slip, transaction statement, bank account statement with transfer date and time, etc. to the online admissions system by the deadline for application. The transfer must be completed before the end of the application period. 24 Notes: (1) Applications will only be accepted if all required documents and the application fee are received by the deadline. If required documents are incomplete, your application will not be accepted. No changes in any of the documents will be allowed after submission. (2) If any abbreviation or code is used in the documents, e.g., for subjects and grades, an explanation note must be attached. (3) Submitting fraudulent documents, including but not limited to those listed below, is considered a serious misconduct and any applicants found to have submitted such documents will be disqualified from consideration for admission. Any admission offer will be revoked immediately or cancelled after it is found that the offer has been made based on such fraudulent documents. In the worst case, enrolled students will be expelled from the university or graduates who obtained the offer based on forged documents should have their conferred degrees revoked. - Falsified, forged, or misleading documents - Documents with false information or omission of information - Altering documents - Submitting a reference letter pretending to be a schoolteacher or counselor (4) Upon completion of application fee payment, the applicant will be notified with an automated message by the Online Admissions System. If no notice is received, please contact the Admissions Office for the International Programs. (See "Ⅸ. Inquiries" below). 25 5. Applicants with Special Needs Applicants with physical or mental disabilities, who require special support in the screening process, should consult Nagoya University before submitting their application. Any necessary documents are listed as follows and must be prepared in English: i. Consultation period: Until November 2, 2026 ii. Contact for consultation: Admissions Office for the International Programs, Nagoya University iii. Consultation procedure: Applicants must submit the three materials listed below. 1) A document which states the Program and School an applicant is planning to apply to; detailed information about disabilities and health conditions for which the applicant wishes to receive special support or/and arrangement; and the applicant's contact information (a free -format report prepared on A4 size paper). 2) A medical certificate or a social worker's certificate which details a result of a medical examination or applicant's disabilities and health concerns (- a copy of the certificate is acceptable), or a copy of the applicant's disability certificate or equivalent. 3) A supplementary written report by a person from the applicant's school (- schoolteacher, counselor or social worker employed by the school) describing the applicant's day-to-day school life and the details of any support and accommodation provided by the school, etc. (a free-format report prepared on A4 size paper). iv. Other: If there are any inquiries or consultation regarding admission and the learning and life at school after enrollment, please contact the Admissions Office for the International Programs by the application deadline. 6. Other Any inquiries regarding programs and admissions should be directed to the Admissions Office for the International Programs by e-mail including the applicant's e-mail address and full name (see "Ⅸ. Inquiries" below). 26 Ⅴ. Selection Method 1. The selection process consists of two screenings, the primary and the secondary screening. Primary screening（Document Evaluation）: Applicants will be evaluated based on their submitted application documents. Nagoya University follows a comprehensive approach to reviewing application documents. Applicants who pass the primary screening stage must submit official copies of the designated documents by the respective deadlines. >>>Application Process Flow Overview Secondary screening (Interview/Oral Examination): 1. Notification of Primary Screening Results The results of the primary screening will be announced through the Online Admissions System on the dates indicated in the Application Process Flow Overview. Make sure to check the Online Admissions System after the announcement. 2. Invitation to the Interview Only shortlisted applicants who passed the primary screening will be invited for the secondary screening stage, which is an admission interview and/or oral examination. The interviews are conducted online via Zoom. The date and time of the secondary screening, as well as detailed instructions and method we use for the secondary screening, will be announced via the Online Admissions System with the primary screening result. Please make sure to check the result on the given date. Not replying to an invitation will result in "withdrawal" of the application. *Note, that applicants who pass the primary screening are asked to submit certified true copies of the certain application documents. Applicants who fail to submit the required documents by the prescribed deadline (Application Process Flow Overview) will be regarded as having withdrawn from the admission process. 3. Interview Format: During the interview, applicants will be asked academic questions related to the program they have applied for. For the Social Science and Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies programs, the interview will primarily focus on your application and motivation for applying to Nagoya University. For science and engineering programs, the interview will consist of a personal interview and an oral examination. The interview duration for Social Science programs is approximately 30 minutes. The interview duration for science, engineering and Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies programs is 45 minutes. Oral Examination Guidelines (Science & Engineering Programs) - You will need dark-colored marker pens, pencils, and blank paper. - Electronic calculators and textbooks containing mathematical formulas are not allowed. - The exam will include high school-level program-specific questions and mathematics questions. 27 -- Applicants to Automotive Engineering and Physics programs should be mainly prepared to answer mathematics and physics questions. -- Applicants to Chemistry and Biology programs should be mainly prepared to answer biology, chemistry, and mathematics questions. - Math problems will be at a level similar to the Pre-College Mathematics materials available here: https://ocw.nagoya-u.jp/en/courses/0516-Pre-college-Mathematics-Optional-subject-2015/ **We encourage you to practice solving problems using just pen and paper as no calculators are allowed, and review your high school textbooks to prepare effectively. Technical Requirements (for all programs): - You will need a PC, webcam, microphone, and speaker/earphones/headphones, along with a stable internet connection. Ⅵ. Announcement of Admission Results Admission results will be announced via the Online Admissions System on the dates indicated in the Application Process Flow Overview. Applicants who have been placed on the wait list will also be notified via the Online Admissions System. Ⅶ. Admission Procedure Pre-arrival information will be provided to successful applicants after the announcement of admission results via the Online Admissions System. 1. Payment of the Registration Fee To pay the registration fee (JPY 282,000), please refer to the notification on the Online Admissions System and make payment online (recommended) or through domestic bank transfer by the prescribed deadline in the Application Process Flow Overview. If sending money through a bank transfer, the sender must be responsible for any service charges related to a bank transfer. The payment deadline for applicants who are selected as Nagoya University Global 30 Undergraduate Scholars is set earlier as shown in the Application Process Flow Overview . Scholarship recipients should confirm the information on their notifications and make the payments accordingly. Please check Appendix 4 on how to pay fees. Notes: (1) If the applicant fails to pay the fee by the appropriate deadline designated above, (s)he will be regarded as having withdrawn from the admission process. If there is any change made to the registration fee, the new fee system will apply. (2) The registration fee is non-refundable and non-transferable. However, in exceptional cases, as specified below, the registration fee can be refunded at an applicant's request after any charges including miscellaneous fees paid on a refund transaction are deducted. 28 For any details, please contact the Admissions Office. a. Duplicate payments are made. b. Payment is made after the specified payment deadline. (3) The right to enroll cannot be deferred to the next year under any circumstances. 2. Other Fees Required After Enrollment (Subject to change) Program name Tuition Premium for Personal Accident Insurance for Students Pursuing Education and Research (PAS) All Programs First semester payment: JPY 267,900 Annual tuition (total of first and second semester payments): JPY 535,800 JPY 4,660 Notes: (1) If there is any change made to the tuition fee when you apply or after you enroll at the University, the new fee system will automatically apply when a revision becomes effective. (2) The tuition fee must be paid after enrollment. (3) For detailed information on other enrollment procedures, please refer to the Enrollment Instructions which will be available on the Online Admissions System in early July. 3. For applicants who have not yet completed their high school education at the time of application: Applicants who have not yet earned an academic qualification equivalent to high school graduation must ensure that official copies of a certificate of graduation or an academic qualification, record of final academic transcripts, test results of i nternational or national exam scores are sent to the Admissions Office for the International Programs on or before August 1, 2027. If you cannot submit them by the said deadline, please contact the Admissions Office in advance. Your admission offer will be revoked if these documents are not received or confirmed by the Admissions Office for the International Programs. 29 Ⅷ. Other 1. The Admissions Office for the International Programs should be immediately notified of any changes in postal address/e-mail address after the application has been submitted. 2. All personal information submitted to Nagoya University is managed in compliance with the "Act on the Protection of Personal Information" and the "Tokai National Higher Education and Research System Rules on the Protection of Personal Information." 3. Personal information related to the applicant, such as name, address, date of birth, etc., will be used only for the purposes of admissions, announcement of results, and enrollment procedures. 4. Personal information related to the applicant and admission evaluation results will be used to improve future selection procedures. Furthermore, the personal details of applicants admitted to Nagoya University will be used for i ) academic affairs (student registration, academic advising, etc.), ii) student welfare services (health care, career services, tuition exemption, scholarship applications, etc.), and iii) tuition fee payment. 5. All times indicated in the Admission Requirements refer to Japan Standard Time (UTC+09). Ⅸ. Inquiries If you have any questions before registering to the Online Admissions System (T-cens), please contact us by email at apply@g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp. However, if you have already created a T -cens account, please contact us through the Online Admissions System messaging board. Admissions Office for the G30 International Programs Nagoya University, Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8601, JAPAN Tel: +81-52-747-6556 E-mail for inquiries: apply@g30.nagoya-u.ac.jp *Please do not submit application documents to above mentioned email address. *Once you create a T -cens account, please contact us through the Online Admissions System messaging board. E-mail for submitting application documents (receive-only): g30ug-app@t.mail.nagoya-u.ac.jp 30 Appendix 1 List of English Qualifications (Application Requirements II. 2) List of English Qualifications (Application Requirements II. 2) English Language Proficiency Test Qualification (Minimum) Remark IELTS (Academic Module) Overall band score of 6.0 One Skill Retake is acceptable TOEFL iBT: Overall score of 80 (PreJanuary 2026 scoring system) or 4.0 (Post-January 2026 scoring system) 60 Paper-delivered Test TOEFL iBT Home Edition is acceptable. TOEFL MyBest score is acceptable. TOEIC® and TOEFL- ITP® are not accepted Duolingo English Test (DET) 110 and above Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) C1 and above Must be stated in official transcripts If you have any other certificate of English proficiency test score which is equivalent to the above -mentioned tests, please contact the Admissions Office for the International Programs through e-mail at least one month before the first day of the application period for which you are applying. (See "Ⅸ Inquiries" below) 31 Appendix 2 Requirements for Referee A Requirement for Referee A Programs School Subject Area of Referee Automotive Engineering School of Engineering (Auto-Mech, Auto-Elec) Mathematics Physics Physics School of Science Mathematics Physics Chemistry School of Engineering Mathematics Physics Chemistry School of Science Mathematics Physics Chemistry Biology Biological Science School of Science School of Agricultural Sciences Biology Chemistry Social Sciences School of Law Not specified School of Economics Not specified Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies School of Humanities Not specified 32 Appendix 3 Guidelines for Curriculum-specific Application Documents and Recommended Subjects Applicants applying for STEM programs are highly recommended (but not required) to take the subjects listed in the Recommended Program-Specific Subjects sections. Applicants who do not fall under either IB, British, or American curriculum, please refer to "Others" section. Curriculum ☐ Mandatory documents International Baccalaureate ☐ - Transcripts at least two years of high school/ upper secondary education ☐ - Predicted IB points (without TOK/CAS ok) ☐ - IB Diploma (Applicants who have not yet graduated must submit by August 1, 2027.) Optional but recommended documents ☐ - Any other standardized test scores (e.g., SAT/ACT/AP) Recommended subjects can be found in "US American System" section. Recommended Program-Specific Subjects <Automotive Engineering> IB Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches (HL) and Physics (HL) <Physics> IB Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches (HL) and Physics (HL), and other Science subjects, such as but not limited to Chemistry (HL), Biology (HL), or Computer Science (HL) <Chemistry - School of Science> IB Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches (HL) and Chemistry (HL) <Chemistry - School of Engineering> IB Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches (HL) and Chemistry (HL) <Biological Science - School of Science> IB Biology (HL) and IB Mathematics (HL) and Chemistry (HL) or Physics (HL) <Biological Science - School of Agricultural Sciences> IB Biology (HL) and Chemistry (HL) and IB Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches (HL) <Other programs not listed above> No program-specific subject recommendations How to submit official documents -Through the IBO system -Send by official school email from counselor or official school representative or -Official, attested or certified copy by post 33 Curriculum ✓ Mandatory documents British System ☐ - Transcripts at least two years of high school/ upper secondary education ☐ - GCE A level forecast (3 or more subjects) Optional but recommended documents ☐ - GCSE or IGCSE results ☐ - GCE AS results or forecast ☐ - Any other standardized test scores (e.g., SAT/ACT/AP) Recommended subjects can be found in "US American System" section. Recommended Program-Specific Subjects <Automotive Engineering> Mathematics (AL) and Physics (AL) <Physics> Mathematics (AL) and Physics (AL), and other Science subjects, such as but not limited to Chemistry (AL), Biology (AL), or computer science (AL) <Chemistry - School of Science> Mathematics (AL) and Chemistry (AL) <Chemistry - School of Engineering> Mathematics (AL) and Chemistry (AL) <Biological Science - School of Science> Biology (AL) and Mathematics (AL) and Chemistry (AL) or Physics (AL) <Biological Science - School of Agricultural Sciences> Biology (AL) and Chemistry (AL) and Mathematics (AL) <Other programs not listed above> No program-specific subject recommendations How to submit official documents -Send by official school email from counselor or official school representative or -Official, attested or certified copy by post 34 Curriculum ✓ Mandatory documents US American System American-patterned (e.g. SAT/ACT/AP) ☐ - Transcripts at least two years of high school/ upper secondary education Optional but recommended documents ☐ - SAT/ACT/AP Recommended Program-Specific Subjects <Automotive Engineering> AP Calculus (AB or BC) and AP Physics (1,2, or C) <Physics> AP Calculus (AB or BC) and AP Physics (1,2 or C), and other Science subjects, such as but not limited to AP Chemistry, AP Biology, or AP Computer Science <Chemistry - School of Science> AP Calculus (AB or BC) and AP Chemistry <Chemistry - School of Engineering> AP Calculus (AB or BC) and AP Chemistry <Biological Science - School of Science> AP Biology and AP Calculus (AB or BC) and AP Chemistry or AP Physics (1,2 or C) <Biological Science - School of Agricultural Sciences> AP Biology and AP Chemistry and AP Calculus (AB or BC) <Other programs not listed above> No program-specific subject recommendations How to submit official documents -Send by a testing institution directly or -Send by official school email from counselor or official school representative or -Official, attested or certified copy by post 35 Country / Curriculum ✓ Mandatory documents Others ☐ - Transcripts at least two years of high school/ upper secondary education ☐ - High School Qualifications: Completion of high school graduation requirements; and Completion of any school-leaving public examinations Optional but recommended documents ☐ - Standardized Tests or National Exams (e.g., SSC, CBSE X, SMP, O-level, HKDSE, GAOKAO, etc.) ☐ - Any other standardized test scores (e.g., SAT/ACT/AP) Recommended subjects can be found in "US American System" section. ☐ - Post-Secondary Qualifications: Completion of at least one year of full-time study in an undergraduate, associate degree or higher diploma program in a post-secondary institution recognized by Nagoya University ☐ - Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students Recommended Program-Specific Subjects <Automotive Engineering> Mathematics and Physics <Physics> Mathematics and Physics, and other Science subjects such as Computer Programming, Chemistry, Biology, General Science <Chemistry - School of Science> Mathematics and Chemistry <Chemistry - School of Engineering> Mathematics and Chemistry <Biological Science - School of Science> Biology and Mathematics and Chemistry or Physics <Biological Science - School of Agricultural Sciences> Biology and Chemistry and Mathematics <Other programs not listed above> No program-specific subject recommendations How to submit official documents -Send by official school email from counselor or official school representative or -Official, attested or certified copy by post 36 Appendix 4 How to Pay Fees From Abroad: Flywire or PayPal *No direct bank transfer permitted from overseas. Pay through the Online Admissions System using Flywire or PayPal. If you wish to send money directly from your bank account in your country, select Flywire (note: a bank transfer option might not be available in some countries or territories). From Japan: Flywire, PayPal, or Domestic Bank Transfer Flywire Flywire offers several payment options, including bank transfers, credit/debit cards, e-wallets, and more, typically in your home currency for most countries, depending on the country you are trying to pay from. Some countries may not support credit/debit cards through Flywire. In that case, please select other payment options available in your region according to the options displayed on Flywire. If you select the bank transfer method on Flywire, payment instructions that contain bank account details will be provided at the end of the payment request process on the Online Admissions System. For students residing in countries where Flywire is unavailable, please choose an alternative payment method. PayPal Please log in to your PayPal account to complete your payment. For students residing in countries where PayPal is unavailable, please choose an alternative payment method. Domestic Bank Transfer This payment option is exclusively for domestic bank transfers within Japan. International remittances or transfers from overseas accounts are not allowed with this payment option . Kindly ensure that your bank transfer is made from a Japanese bank account. Please know that it will take at least two to three days to confirm your payment from our end. (1) A payment proof (振込明細書, transaction report, bank statement, and so on) which states the time of transfer must be submitted and uploaded on the Online Admission System before the system closes at the deadline. (2) The sender is responsible for any service charges related to the bank transfer. Please ask a bank if it is incurred when you are sending money or included in the charges paid from the sender's side. 37 Appendix 5 Essay Questions Essay Questions for Applications to Nagoya University International Programs (Undergraduate) Academic Year 2027 Instructions • All applicants must submit two essays. • All questions are to be answered by the candidate only. You may be asked about your answers if you are selected for an interview. • Essay 1 is compulsory for all candidates. • Essay 2 is also compulsory for all candidates, but you are to answer the question specific to the program you are applying to. • Be sure to indicate the word count written at the bottom of each essay. • Please make sure to use the template provided in the Online Admissions System. • If you add citations to your essay, remember to list your sources in a reference list at the end of your essay. The correct usage of proper citations and references will help your essay to be more highly evaluated. • The reference list is not calculated towards the word count. • As for the use of generative AI tools, rules are different depending on the program, so please check the instructions of the program you are applying to. As for the programs with a ※, AI tools to create text or any other content is prohibited. Note that we run all essays through an AI detection program. Other programs have their own instructions, so please follow the instructions of the program you are applying to. 1. Essay No. 1 - Answer the following question (200-300 words). As briefly and clearly as possible please explain why you are applying to a particular program at Nagoya University and how it is related to your academic history and your personal and professional future goals. 2. Essay No. 2 - Answer one of the following questions* (400-500 words). *Please choose an essay topic based on your program choice Automotive Engineering (School of Engineering, Mechanical Engineering Course) Explain why you are a strong candidate for the Automotive Engineering program at Nagoya University. The use of AI is not prohibited as a tool to support the proofreading of your essay. 38 Automotive Engineering (School of Engineering, Electrical, Electronic, Information Engineering Course) ※ Identify one recent technology in electrical, electronic, or information engineering. Analyze how it has changed people's daily lives, using examples from your own experience or interests. Physics (School of Science) ※ We seek students with a strong passion for physics and mathematics. In your view, what is the most important question that physics research should address in the next decade? Explain your reasoning and discuss the key physical principles and mathematical ideas involved. Why is this question significant? Chemistry (School of Engineering) ※ Explain your views on the most important future trends in the fields of chemical engineering and biotechnology. Chemistry (School of Science) ※ Choose a chemistry -related question that interests you and is still being actively investigated. Explain why it interests you and how you would investigate it. What information would you look for, what challenges might arise, and how would you determine whether a proposed explanation or result is reliable and convincing? Biological Science (School of Science) ※ Choose one research group in the Department of Biological Science, and explain in detail what kind of research you would like to pursue in that research group by referring to the research interests and activities of the research group as described on the D epartment of Biological Science website: https://www.bio.nagoya-u.ac.jp/en/research/ 39 Biological Science (School of Agricultural Sciences) ※ Based on your interests or experiences, identify one societal problem related to either food, health, agriculture, or the environment, and explain how studying biology and chemistry within our program can help you address it. Social Sciences (School of Law) ※ Across most of the world, foreign nationals who are neither citizens nor permanent residents face some form of restriction on their right to work. Although there are notable exceptions, such as the European Union, where citizens of the member countries may live and work in one another's territories almost as freely as locals, such an arrangement is never simply open to everyone from everywhere. In essence, nations create boundaries in the labor market. Question A class for first-year students at University X is discussing regulations in the labor market. One classmate insists that these kinds of boundaries within the labor market are economically inefficient. Next is your turn. Do you agree or disagree with that classmate? In building your argument you are expected to identify the stakeholders affected by the boundaries created by nations and the rationales for those boundaries. Social Sciences (School of Economics) ※ The following graph shows how smoking rates in the United States have changed over time. Based on the graph, explain one possible reason for the decline in smoking since the late 1950s. You may briefly mention other ideas, but focus on one main explanation. In addition, explain why your explanation may not fully account for the observed trend. Source: de Walque, D. (2010). Education, Information, and Smoking Decisions: Evidence from Smoking Histories in the United States, 1940-2000. The Journal of Human Resources, 45(3), 682-717. 40 Japan-in-Asia Cultural Studies Program (School of Humanities) ※ Choose one specific example (e.g. a film, book, social media post, school lesson, news story, or personal experience) that has shaped your image of ""Japan."" (1) Describe how ""Japan"" is represented in this example, referring to concrete details. (2) Reflect on how your own perspective influences your interpretation. (3) Identify one limitation, tension, or open question that remains. Focus on one example only; do not attempt a general overview. At the end of your essay, add 2-3 sentences describing how you approached this task and what you found difficult. We are interested in your own thinking process rather than polished or comprehensive answers. Essays that rely on generic or highly formulaic language will be evaluated less favorably. 41 Appendix 6 Application Process Flow Overview First Round Application step Period or Deadline Additional information Application Periods November 2, 2026, 09:00 to November 19, 2026, 12:00 noon All Programs Primary Screening Results February 3, 2027 Check the online admission system on the announcement day to confirm your participation in the interview stage. Secondary Screening Period February 16 to March 8, 2027 Interview or oral examination. (Only applicants who pass the primary screening will be invited to an interview.) Submission of original/certified true documents March 8, 2027, 16:00 Applicants who passed the first screening Announcement of Admissions Results March 15, 2027 All Programs Registration Fee Payment Deadline: Enrollment Decision March 29, 2027, 12:00 noon G30 Scholarship Nominees April 5, 2027, 12:00 noon Non-G30 Scholarship Nominees Enrollment Procedures After registration fee payment All students Enrollment Instructions Early July All students Certificate of Graduation, etc August 1, 2027 Applicants who have not completed high school at the time of application Arrival at Nagoya University Mid-September All students Classes commence October 1, 2027 All students G30 Enrollment Ceremony October 1, 2027 All students 42 Second Round Application step Period or Deadline Additional information Application Periods January 5, 2027, 9:00 to January 21, 2027, 12:00 noon All Available Programs Primary Screening Results March 24, 2027 Check the online admission system on the announcement day to confirm your participation in the interview stage Secondary Screening Period April 6 to April 16, 2027 Interview or oral examination. Only applicants who pass the primary screening will be invited to an interview. Submission of original/certified true documents April 16, 2027, 16:00 Applicants who passed the first screening Announcement of Admissions Results April 26, 2027 All Available Programs Registration Fee Payment Deadline: Enrollment Decision May 10, 2027, 12:00 noon G30 Scholarship Nominees May 17, 2027, 12:00 noon Non-G30 Scholarship Nominees Enrollment Procedures After registration fee payment All students Enrollment Instructions Early July All students Certificate of Graduation, etc August 1, 2027 Applicants who have not completed high school at the time of application Arrival at Nagoya University Mid-September All students Classes commence October 1, 2027 All students G30 Enrollment Ceremony October 1, 2027 All students All times indicated refer to Japan Standard Time (UTC+09).