Skip to content Calendar Maps Jobs Contact Us Student Support NU Portal Donate News & Events Admissions Academics Research Campus Life About News & Events Stay informed about research breakthroughs, university announcements, and opportunities to engage with Nagoya University's dynamic global community. News Events Collection Researchers Jobs Admissions Study in Japan's fourth largest city, and home to some of its most well-known companies-all without the Tokyo prices and Kyoto crowds. Undergraduate programs Graduate programs Research students Exchange programs Financial information Coming to Japan FAQ Academics Pursue your interests through one of our English or Japanese language programs, selecting from a wide variety of specialized fields. Calendar Schools Graduate schools Education and curriculum information Online education Research Learn about our world-class research and comprehensive support systems that empower our researchers to tackle humanity's shared challenges. Research activities Corporate relations Research support Distinguished faculty Educational and research organizations Research institutes Joint-use educational and research facilities Internal consortia Campus life Find out about our facilities, comprehensive support, extracurricular activities, and the safe and welcoming community that fosters lifelong connections and growth. Life on campus Extracurricular activities Life in Nagoya Student support Researcher support Awards Open facilities Maps About Meet our leadership and discover the inclusive values and academic heritage that drive Nagoya University's contributions to knowledge and society. Alumni Leadership Principles Nagoya University in figures Commitments International affairs Communications History Regulations THERS 日本語 中文 Search 日本語 中文 Search News & Events News & Events TOP News Events Collection Researchers Jobs Admissions Admissions TOP Undergraduate programs Graduate programs Research students Exchange programs Financial information Coming to Japan FAQ Academics Academics TOP Calendar Schools Graduate schools Education and curriculum information Online education Research Research TOP Research activities Corporate relations Research support Distinguished faculty Educational and research organizations Research institutes Joint-use educational and research facilities Internal consortia Campus life Campus life TOP Life on campus Extracurricular activities Life in Nagoya Student support Researcher support Awards Open facilities Maps About About TOP Alumni Leadership Principles Nagoya University in figures Commitments International affairs Communications History Regulations THERS Calendar Maps Jobs Contact Us Student Support NU Portal Donate Admission and tuition fee exemptions Index Announcement (updated 2026-08-24) Admission Fee Exemption System Tuition Fee Exemption System Contact Information Details regarding changes to Nagoya University's Admission Fee and Tuition Fee Exemption System (Updated: June 16, 2026) On May 19, 2026, Nagoya University announced changes to its Admission Fee and Tuition Fee Exemption System that would take effect in April 2027. Additional details are provided below, including information that was to be released separately at a later date. View the related documents (PDF) Announcement For those who would like to apply for Admission Fee Exemption, Deferred Payment, and Tuition Fee Exemption in FY2026 (updated August 24, 2026). We have published the eligibility requirements and application procedures for the 2026 Admission Fee Exemption, Deferred Payment, and Tuition Fee Exemption. Please check the procedures if you would like to apply. Admission Fee Exemption System There is an exemption system for students who face difficulty in paying the admission fee due to financial reasons. Selection for admission fee exemption will be made based on your application, financial criteria, and academic criteria, and exemption will be granted to those selected within the limits of our budget. Deferred Payment of your Admission Fee means that the deadline for payment is postponed until the end of September (the end of February for enrollment in October). However, you will still be required to pay the same full amount of the admission fee. Those who apply for Exemption and Deferred Payment of the Admission Fee must apply for the Tuition Fee Exemption. If the application for Admission Fee Exemption has been completed but the application for Tuition Fee Exemption has not been completed, the results of both applications will be "Not approved". So please refer to "2. Application process" and complete the procedures for both applications. 1. Students eligible for Admission Fee Exemption System Eligibility differs for undergraduate and graduate students. Applicants must meet any of the following eligibility for application. Undergraduate students Eligibility for Admission Fee Exemption Application Those who face extreme difficulty in paying their admission fee because of the decease of their household supporter (i.e. father or mother) within one year before enrolling in Nagoya University (October 2025 - September 2026). Those whose household supporter or those who face extreme difficulty in paying their admission fee because of the damage of a natural disaster such as a storm or flood which caused within one year before enrolling in Nagoya University (October 2025 - September 2026). Those whose household supporter or those who have been affected by the following catastrophic disasters: Noto Peninsula Earthquake in 2024; Kumamoto Earthquake in 2026 As of April 1, 2026 (or October 1, 2026), those who have two or more applicable items in the following 1 to 5 and face extreme difficulty in paying the Admission Fee. The household supporter has been receiving medical treatment for 6 months or more due to illness or accident. The household supporter is a person with a disability. The household supporter became an involuntary unemployed within one year before enrollment. Single-parent family In cases equivalent to the above and when case occurs which is recognized as appropriate. For privately-financed international students, the application qualifications listed above must be met based on your situation in Japan, and the situation in your home country is not applicable. Also please understand that if your parents are not living in Japan, then you yourself are considered to be the "household supporter" in this application. Eligibility for Deferred Payment of Admission Fee Application Those who are eligible to apply for Admission Fee Exemption. Those who face difficulty in paying their admission fee for financial reasons (excluding loan repayment or other debt), and who are moreover recognized as excellent academic achievers. For privately-financed international students, the situation in Japan is applicable, and the situation in their home country is not applicable. Graduate students Eligibility for Admission Fee Exemption Application and Deferred Payment Those who face extreme difficulty in paying their admission fee for financial reasons (excluding loan repayment or other debt), and who are moreover recognized as excellent academic achievers Those who face extreme difficulty in paying their admission fee because of the decrease of their household supporter, or because of the damage of a natural disaster such as a storm or flood within one year before enrolling in Nagoya University (October 2025 - September 2026). Those whose household supporter or those who have been affected by the following catastrophic disasters: Noto Peninsula Earthquake in 2024; Kumamoto Earthquake in 2026 For privately-financed international students, the situation in Japan is applicable, and the situation in their home country is not applicable. 2. Application process There are differences between the processes for undergraduate students and graduate students. Those who apply for Exemption and Deferred Payment of the Admission Fee must apply for the Tuition Fee Exemption. If the application for Admission Fee Exemption has been completed but the application for Tuition Fee Exemption has not been completed, the results of both applications will be "Not approved." Undergraduate students I. Submit required documents for Admission Fee Exemption Application. Please follow the instructions at the time of guidance by Admissions Office. II. Apply through the Tuition Fee Exemption Student Application System after enrollment. (Hereinafter called the "Exemption System") Please enter your application information into the Exemption System within the application period. System Application Period: Tuesday, October 13, 2026 - Monday, October 26, 2026 12:00 noon (JST) [Strict Deadline] For details, please check the Admission Fee Exemption / Deferred Payment and Tuition Fee Exemption Application Guidelines. III. Submit the required documents displayed in the Exemption System to the Student Support Division by the deadline. Please submit the documents at the Student Support Division counter or send by postal mail by the deadline. [Submission address (Counter)] (Campus Map D3-6 Student Support Bldg. 1st floor) Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Scholarship Support Section, Student Support Division, Educational and International Affairs, Nagoya University Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi-ken 464-8601 Please write "Admission and Tuition Fee Exemption application form enclosed" in red on the front of the envelope. When sending by postal mail, please send by acceptance-recorded mail or Letter Pack Light, etc., which will keep a record. The least expensive recorded mailing method is "acceptance-recorded mail (特定記録)" (￥320～). Inquiries regarding the arrival of documents will not be answered. Deadline: Must arrive by Tuesday, October 27, 2026. Graduate students I. Submit the application form to the Graduate School you plan to enroll in Please submit "Nagoya University Admission Fee Exemption and Deferred Payment of Admission Fee Application Form" to the graduate school you plan to enroll in when you make an admission procedure. Please follow the instructions of the graduate school in which you plan to enroll for submission and submission deadlines. II. Apply through the Tuition Fee Exemption Student Application System after enrollment. (Hereinafter called the "Exemption System") Please enter your application information into the Exemption System within the application period. System Application Period: Tuesday, October 13, 2026 - Monday, October 26, 2026, 12:00 noon (JST) [Strict Deadline] For details, please check the Admission Fee Exemption / Deferred Payment and Tuition Fee Exemption Application Guidelines. III. Submit the required documents displayed in the Exemption System to the Student Support Division by the deadline. Please submit the documents at the Student Support Division counter or send by postal mail by the deadline. [Submission address (Counter)] (Campus Map D3-6 Student Support Bldg. 1st floor) Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Scholarship Support Section, Student Support Division, Educational and International Affairs, Nagoya University Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi-ken 464-8601 Please write "Admission and Tuition Fee Exemption application form enclosed" in red on the front of the envelope. When sending by postal mail, please send by acceptance-recorded mail or Letter Pack Light, etc., which will keep a record. The least expensive recorded mailing method is "acceptance-recorded mail (特定記録)" (￥320～). Inquiries regarding the arrival of documents will not be answered. Deadline: Must arrive by Tuesday, October 27, 2026 3. Amount of admission fee exemption For those who are approved exemption, they will be exempted from paying the full or half amount of the admission fee. However, graduate students have only been approved for half exemption in recent years. 4. Application form Print "Nagoya University Admission Fee Exemption and Deferred Payment of Admission Fee Application Form" from Nagoya University website. Admission Fee Exemption (Deferred Payment) and Tuition Fee Exemption Application Guidelines Nagoya University FY2026 Nagoya University Admission Fee Exemption and Deferred Payment of Admission Fee Application Form 5. How to submit At the time of admission process, documents should be submitted to the following office. For all undergraduate students: Follow the instructions of the International Admissions Section. For all graduate students: Follow the instructions of the graduate school in which you plan to attend. ※ Documents concerning Tuition Fee Exemption should be submitted to the Student Support Division. 6. Application Result Results notification will be made as follows. Students admitted in April: Middle of July Students admitted in October: Early December It will be made through the "Educational Affairs system", which will become available after enrollment. NU PORTAL > Student Affairs > Course registration and grading > Messages For You How to Confirm Your Admission Fee Exemption Application Result *Notification will not be made by postal mail or at the counter. 7. Notes Your admission fee will not be refunded, even if it is paid before the application results are sent. (Excluding the admission fee for G30 program students.) Those applying for the Admission Fee Exemption/Deferred Payment will be effectively deferred from paying the admission fee until the application results are announced. If a refund of the admission fee for G30 Program students is due, we will provide information when notifying the results. Applicants (students) are asked about the financial situation of their family and so forth. In principle, requests for confirmation and missing documents will be informed to the applicant's THERS e-mail address. Please check it at least once a day after application. Applicants who are not exempted from the full amount of the admission fee must transfer the unpaid admission fee within 20 days including the notification date. You can check the result notification date from the following SharePoint page: Admission Fee and Tuition Fee Exemption System SharePoint Page However, if these students also applied for deferred payment and received approval, payment is effectively deferred until the end of September (the end of February for enrollment in October). Failure to pay the admission fee will result in removal from the register. Tuition Fee Exemption System There is an exemption system for students who face difficulty in paying tuition fees due to financial reasons. Selection for tuition fee exemption will be made based on your application, financial and academic criteria, and exemption will be granted to those selected within the limits of our budget. 1. Eligibility for Tuition Fee Exemption Application Undergraduate or graduate students (except for audit students, flex-access students, etc.) who meet any of the following criteria are eligible to apply. Even if you are a Japanese undergraduate student enrolled after 2020, you will be eligible for the application if you meet the following second or third exemption application qualifications. Those who face difficulty in paying their tuition fee due to financial reasons (excluding loan repayment or other debt) and are recognized as having excellent academic achievements. Those who face extreme difficulty in paying their tuition fee because of the decease of their household supporter, or the damage of a natural disaster such as a storm or flood within one year before enrolling in Nagoya University for new students (within 6 months before application for current students). Those whose household supporter or those who have been affected by the following catastrophic disasters: Noto Peninsula Earthquake 2024; Kumamoto Earthquake in 2026. (Current students only) Cases equivalent to the above and approved by the President. For privately-financed international students, one of the application qualifications listed above must be met based on your situation in Japan, and the situation in your home country is not applicable. Also please understand that if your parents are not living in Japan, then you yourself are considered to be the "household supporter" in this application. 2. Application flow Note that the system availability period and application period differ for new students and current students. Students admitted in April FY2026 or earlier I. Please carefully confirm the "Admission Fee Exemption (Deferred Payment) and Tuition Fee Exemption Application Guidelines Nagoya University FY2026" in the "4. Application Form" section below. II. Apply through the Tuition Fee Exemption Student Application System. (Hereinafter called the "Exemption System") Tuition Fee Exemption Student Application System * Those who are advancing from within Nagoya University should apply according to the schedule for students admitted in October 2026. [System Application Period] Wednesday, September 2, 2026 - Thursday, September 17, 2026 17:00 (JST) [STRICT DEADLINE] * After the application period, we will not accept your application. * This system only guarantees operation from an on-campus environment. * Graduate students can use the system from off-campus by using the VPN service . If you cannot use the on-campus system during the application period due to unavoidable circumstances, please contact the Student Support Division during the system application period. III. Submit the required documents displayed in the Exemption System to the Student Support Division by the deadline. Please submit the documents at the Student Support Division counter or send by postal mail by the deadline. [Submission address (Counter)] (Campus Map D3-6 Student Support Bldg. 1st floor) Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Scholarship Support Section, Student Support Division, Educational and International Affairs, Nagoya University Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi-ken 464-8601 Please write "Admission and Tuition Fee Exemption application form enclosed" in red on the front of the envelope. When sending by postal mail, please send by acceptance-recorded mail or Letter Pack Light, etc., which will keep a record. The least expensive recorded mailing method is "acceptance-recorded mail (特定記録)" (￥320～). Inquiries regarding the arrival of documents will not be answered. Deadline: Must arrive by Friday, September 25, 2026 * (Law School Students [法科大学院生] only: Postmarked no later than Thursday, September 24, 2026. Law School Students should submit documents to the Bunkei office, not to the Student Support Division.) Students admitted in October 2026 I. Please carefully confirm the "Admission Fee Exemption (Deferred Payment) and Tuition Fee Exemption Application Guidelines Nagoya University FY2026" in the "4. Application Form" section below. II. Apply through the Tuition Fee Exemption Student Application System. (Hereinafter called the "Exemption System") Tuition Fee Exemption Student Application System [System Application Period] Tuesday, October 13, 2026 - Monday, October 26, 2026 12:00 noon (JST) [Strict Deadline] * After the application period, we will not accept any applications. * This system only guarantees operation from an on-campus environment. * Graduate students can use the system from off-campus by using the VPN service . If you are unable to use the VPN service or have other unavoidable circumstances that prevent you from coming to the university, please notify Student Support Division during the system application period. III. Submit the required documents displayed in the Exemption System to the Student Support Division by the deadline. Please submit the documents at the Student Support Division counter or send by postal mail by the deadline. [Submission Address (Counter)] (Campus Map D3-6 Student Support Bldg. 1st floor) Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Scholarship Support Section, Student Support Division, Educational and International Affairs, Nagoya University Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi-ken 464-8601 Please write "Admission and Tuition Fee Exemption application form enclosed" in red on the front of the envelope. When sending by postal mail, please send by acceptance-recorded mail or Letter Pack Light, etc., which will keep a record. The least expensive recorded mailing method is "acceptance-recorded mail (特定記録)" (￥320～). Inquiries regarding the arrival of documents will not be answered. Deadline: Must arrive by Tuesday, October 27, 2026. 3. Amount of tuition fee exemption For those who are approved exemption, they will be exempted from paying the full or half amount of the tuition fee. 4. Application form Admission Fee Exemption (Deferred Payment) and Tuition Fee Exemption Application Guidelines Nagoya University FY2026 Various Document Forms Various Certificate Documents 5. How to submit Student Support Division (Campus Map D3-6 Student Support Center 1F) Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Scholarship Support Section, Student Support Division, Educational and International Affairs, Nagoya University, Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi-ken 464-8601 6. Application result Results notification will be made as follows. Spring semester: Early August Fall semester: Middle of December It will be made through the "Educational Affairs system", which will become available after enrollment. NU PORTAL > Student Affairs > Course registration and grading > Messages For You How to Confirm Your Admission Fee Exemption Application Result ※Notification will not be made by postal mail or at the counter. 7. Notes Your tuition fee will not be refunded, even if it is paid before your application results are sent. Those applying for the Tuition Fee Exemption will be effectively deferred from paying the tuition fee until the application results are announced. In principle, confirmation and missing documents will be informed to the THERS e-mail address. If forgery or any false statements are found in the submitted documents after the Admission and Tuition Fee Exemption is approved, then this approval will be revoked, and the applicant will be required to pay them. For those who are not exempted in full, the tuition fee will be withdrawn from your registered tuition bank account on the date to be announced in the result notification. In principle, those who have repeated a year or have exceeded the standard period of study are not eligible for Tuition Fee Exemption. However, those who have repeated a year or have exceeded the standard period of study by only one year or less might be accepted if they have an inevitable reason. Make a copy of all the documents you submit and keep them in a safe place until the results are notified. If there are any corrections, you may make corrections and resubmit a copy. You can check the result notification date and printing out Form 1 ～ Form 6 from the following SharePoint page: Admission Fee and Tuition Fee Exemption System SharePoint Page Contact Information 1. Access (Campus Map D3-6 Student Support Bldg. 1st floor) Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Scholarship Support Section, Student Support Division, Educational and International Affairs, Nagoya University, Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi-ken 464-8601 Open Hours: Weekdays 9:00 a.m. (JST) - 5:00 p.m. (JST) 2. Mailing address Tuition Fee Exemption Team, Scholarship Support Section, Student Support Division, Educational and International Affairs, Nagoya University, Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi-ken 464-8601 * When sending by postal mail, please send by Acceptance-recorded mail or Letter Pack Light, etc., which will keep a record. Inquiries regarding the arrival of documents will not be answered. * When listing the telephone number of the Student Support Division in the Letter Pack Light, etc., please enter ☎052-789-2172. * However, inquiries should be made by e-mail. * The least expensive recorded mailing method is "acceptance-recorded mail (特定記録)." (￥320～) * Please write "Tuition Fee Exemption application form enclosed" in red on the front of the envelope. 3. Contact E-mail address: shien-menjo(at)t.mail.nagoya-u.ac.jp ※Replace (at) with @. When contacting us by e-mail, please paste the following inquiry template into the body of your e-mail. －－－－－－－－－－－－－－ ● Applicant Information (All must be listed.) ・ Undergraduate or graduate school you belong to (as of October 2026): ・ Bachelor, Master's, or Doctoral Program: ・ Name: ・ Student Number (9-digit): (Leave blank if you have not received your student ID number yet before entering school or continuing to higher education.) ● Details of Inquiry: －－－－－－－－－－－－－－ We use cookies By clicking "Accept Cookies," you agree to the use of cookies to improve your user experience, optimize the site, produce statistics, and interact with social networks. Our Site Policy Don't Accept Cookies Accept Cookies Home Admissions Financial information Admission and tuition fee exemptions Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, 464-8601, Japan TEL +81-(0)52-789-5111 News & Events News Events Collection Researchers Jobs Admissions Undergraduate programs Graduate programs Research students Exchange programs Financial information Coming to Japan FAQ Academics Calendar Schools Graduate schools Education and curriculum information Online education Research Research activities Corporate relations Research support Distinguished faculty Educational and research organizations Research institutes Joint-use educational and research facilities Internal consortia Campus life Life on campus Extracurricular activities Life in Nagoya Student support Researcher support Awards Open facilities Maps About Alumni Leadership Principles Nagoya University in figures Commitments International affairs Communications History Regulations THERS Privacy policy Site policy Web accessibility Sitemap THERS Copyright ©2010-2025 Nagoya University All Rights Reserved. Furo-cho, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, 464-8601, Japan TEL +81-(0)52-789-5111 Jobs Privacy policy Site policy Web accessibility Sitemap THERS Copyright ©2010-2025 Nagoya University All Rights Reserved.