Skip to main content Sign of Change Sign of Change Donate Apply to Aalto Valitse sivuston kieli / Välj webbplatsens språk / Select site language EN FI Suomeksi SV Svenska EN English Search Log in Menu Close menu Student Guide For personnel Aalto community members please log in to see internal content Admissions and studies Apply to Aalto Find a study programme How to apply Scholarships and tuition fees Bachelor's admissions (programmes in Finnish and Swedish) Bachelor's admissions (programmes in English) Master's admissions Doctoral admissions Campus life Events for applicants Chat with students Subscribe to newsletter Contact admission services Founder School: from students to founders Lifewide Learning Exchange students Research and art About our research and art Tenure track career system Doctoral education Research and learning infrastructures Research portal research.aalto.fi Rankings Schools and departments Schools School of Arts, Design and Architecture School of Business School of Chemical Engineering School of Electrical Engineering School of Engineering School of Science Departments Accounting & Business Law Applied Physics Architecture Art and Media Bioproducts and Biosystems Built Environment Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Chemistry and Materials Science Civil Engineering Computer Science Design Economics Electrical Engineering and Automation Electronics and Nanoengineering Film, Television and Scenography Finance Industrial Engineering and Management Information and Communications Engineering Information and Service Management Management Studies Marketing Mathematics and Systems Analysis Energy and Mechanical Engineering Neuroscience and Biomedical Engineering Other units Language Centre Library - Learning Centre Collaboration Collaborate with us For alumni Corporate collaboration Aalto networking platform Entrepreneurship and innovations Cooperation with HEI and research institutes Collaboration with cities and regions Support us News and events Highlights News Events Aalto University Magazine OurBlogs Podcasts About us About Aalto University Our strategy Sustainability Code of Conduct Aalto Handbook Campus People and contact information For the media Careers Tools and services All tools (requires login) All services Most used tools Aalto AI Assistant Abacus-accounting Abacus-planning Asio (booking.aalto.fi) Halli Marketing Cloud MOT Kielipalvelu (language service) Neo People hub Phone book PowerBI report finder Salesforce (Service platform) Tiima Webmail Webropol Workday Most used services AI in Aalto Communications services HR services IT Services Learning services Occupational health Research and innovation services Teacher's Handbook Travel services For students Sisu MyCourses MyStudies Browse all courses Safety and emergencies Emergencies Safety and security observations Cyber Security Cyber Security incident report Other Aalto Space Aalto University Shop Brand library and design system Lunch menus EN FI SV Apply to Aalto Donate Student Guide For personnel Aalto community members please log in to see internal content Log in Search Close side navigation Open side navigation Admission Services Apply to Bachelor's programmes in English Design and Media: How to apply Technology and business: Admission rounds A and B Toggle sub navigation Technology and business: Admission rounds A and B I apply with Finnish matriculation exam I apply with IB diploma I apply with EB diploma I apply with Finnish DIA/RP diploma I apply with a high school diploma SAT and ACT tests Programmes and majors Toggle sub navigation Programmes and majors Design and Media Economics Finance International Business Chemical Engineering Mechanical and Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Data Science Digital Systems and Design Quantum Technology Technology, Business and Design Frequently asked questions Front page Admission Services Apply to Bachelor's programmes in English Apply to Bachelor's programmes in English At Aalto University, you can study in bachelor's programmes in English in the fields of business and economics, science and technology as well as art and design. The next application period for programmes taught in English is 7-22 January 2027. On this website, you'll find the descriptions and application guidelines for all Aalto's bachelor's programmes in English. You will also find information on student admissions and experiences of studying at Aalto! How you benefit from our programmes As an Aalto student, you'll enjoy the benefits offered by the programmes and Aalto University: Innovative, future-oriented programmes. Aalto's unique combination of fields - combine business, art and technology in your studies! State-of-the-art faculty. Teaching based on top-notch research and real-world applications. International career opportunities and degrees valued by employers. Tight industry relations and a thriving startup ecosystem. Main campus in the vibrant Helsinki capital region. Inspiring international Aalto community. From bachelor's to master's In our bachelor's programmes, you'll get an automatic study right to a master's programme. After graduating from the bachelor's programme, you will automatically have the right to continue studies in selected master's programmes. Aalto University has about 100 different master's programmes. You can find Aalto University's entire programme offering on the Study options website. Information on Aalto bachelor's programmes in Finnish and Swedish is available on the website Hae suomen- ja ruotsinkielisiin kandidaattikoulutuksiin (only in Finnish/Swedish). At Aalto University, you'll get to study in an international and multidisciplinary environment together with students from all around the globe! Programmes At Aalto University, we offer six English-taught bachelor's programmes. Below you can find links to the programme descriptions. Programmes / majors Field of Art and design Design and Media Field of Business and economics Economics International Business Finance Field of Science and technology Bachelor's Programme in Science and Technology, majors/study options: Chemical Engineering Computer Engineering Data Science Digital Systems and Design Mechanical and Civil Engineering Quantum Technology Interdisciplinary programme Bachelor's programme in Technology, Business and Design Are you already a student at Aalto University or an Aalto University graduate? As an Aalto University student, you cannot be granted a right to pursue a degree in a study option if you have already earned a degree or have a valid right to pursue one in that study option. If you have a valid right to study only for a Master of Science (Economics and Business Administration) at the Aalto University School of Business, you cannot be admitted to the undergraduate level study options in the field of business and economics at Aalto University. One study right rule If you have a study right at a Finnish higher education institution, please note the amendment to the Universities Act and the new one study right rule. Under the amended Universities Act (42 a §), your study rights at the same or lower level will be terminated if you accept a new study right leading to a degree. Previous study rights remain valid until the new study right begins and are terminated on the preceding day. The study right granted in Aalto University's bachelor's admissions begins on 1 August. This rule applies only to study rights at higher education institutions in Finland. Read more about the one study right rule on Studyinfo (studyinfo.fi). When to apply? You apply either in Admission round A or Admission round B. The application period for both rounds is from 7 to 22 January 2027. Read the section Application process on this page to find which admission round is correct for you. Who can apply? All applicants must fulfill the general eligibility requirements for higher education and submit the required documents by the given deadlines. You are eligible to apply if you have completed or will complete during spring 2027 one of the following qualifications: Finnish matriculation examination International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma, completed in an accredited IB school European Baccalaureate (EB) diploma, completed in an accredited EB school Deutsches Internationales Abitur diploma (DIA) or Reifeprüfung diploma (RP), completed in Finland Upper secondary education completed outside Finland, for example a high school diploma. The qualification must give eligibility to the corresponding level of higher education in the country in which it was awarded. A Finnish vocational upper secondary qualification, further vocational qualification or specialist vocational qualification as set in the Vocational Education Act (531/2017) Advanced International Certificate of Education diploma (AICE) Additionally eligible to apply are applicants who have been granted the right to study in a university in Finland applicants who have a higher education degree completed in Finland applicants who have at minimum a bachelor level degree completed outside Finland Application process You apply either in Admission round A or Admission round B . The application period for both rounds is from 7 to 22 January 2027, but the admission results are published at different times. The correct admission round depends on the study option (or options) you are applying to and your educational background. Check the information below to find the correct application round. Applying to the Bachelor's programme in Design and Media The only scenario in which you can apply in both application rounds is if you are applying to the fields of science and technology or business and economics on the basis of SAT or ACT test results as well as to the Design and Media programme, and your eligibility is based on a qualification other than the Finnish matriculation examination, International Baccalaureate (IB), European Baccalaureate (EB), or a Finnish Reifeprüfung (RP) or Deutsche Internationale Abitur (DIA). In this case, you must submit a separate application form and required application documents for each round. Design and Media has its own instructions page . You can apply to a maximum of three study options within one admission round. You may only be admitted to one study option. View all study options available at Aalto University on the page Study options . Read the application instructions and document requirements carefully. You can edit your application form during the application period. Upload all the required application documents to your application form by the given deadlines. If you want to apply in any other application rounds as well, you must separately complete the correct application form during the application period and submit any required attachments by the given deadlines. If you apply in multiple application rounds, submitting the attachments for one application is not sufficient; you must submit them separately for each application round. Admission round A You can apply to the following bachelor's programmes in admission round A: Bachelor's Programme in Technology, Business, and Design Bachelor's Programme in Economics Bachelor's Programme in Finance Bachelor's Programme in International Business Bachelor's Programme in Science and Technology, study options: Chemical Engineering Computer Engineering Data Science Digital Systems and Design Mechanical and Civil Engineering Quantum Technology Eligibility in admission round A: applicants who fulfill the general eligibility requirements for higher education, but have not completed or will not complete in spring 2027 the Finnish Matriculation Examination, the International Baccalaureate (IB), the European Baccalaureate (EB), the Deutsches Internationales Abitur (DIA) or Reifeprüfung (RP) diploma (DIA/RP diploma completed in Finland only). For example, if you are completing a high school diploma in Vietnam or the A-levels, you apply in this admission round. Admission result publication: The admission results for admission round A are published by March 2027. Admission method in admission round A SAT or ACT test results. On the Bachelor's programme in Technology, Business and Design: a preliminary assignment and SAT or ACT test results. Admission round B You can apply to the following bachelor's programmes in admission round B: Bachelor's Programme in Design and Media Bachelor's Programme in Technology, Business, and Design Bachelor's Programme in Economics Bachelor's Programme in Finance Bachelor's Programme in International Business Bachelor's Programme in Science and Technology, study options: Chemical Engineering Computer Engineering Data Science Digital Systems and Design Mechanical and Civil Engineering Quantum Technology Eligibility in admission round B: Applicants who have completed or will complete in spring 2027 the Finnish Matriculation Examination, the International Baccalaureate (IB) , the European Baccalaureate (EB) , the Deutsches Internationales Abitur (DIA) / Reifeprüfung (RP) completed at Deutsche Schule Helsinki. Study option Bachelor's Programme in Design and Media : Eligible to this study option in admission round B are also applicants who fulfill the general eligibility requirements for higher education. See the section Who can apply. Admission result publication: The admission results for admission round B are published by 28 May 2027. Admission method in admission round B In the fields of science and technology or business and economics the selection is based on the grades obtained in the Finnish Matriculation Examination, International Baccalaureate (IB) , the European Baccalaureate (EB) , the Deutsches Internationales Abitur (DIA) / Reifeprüfung (RP) completed at Deutsche Schule Helsinki. For the Technology, Business and Design programme, admission is based on a preliminary assignment and on the grades obtained in the Finnish Matriculation Examination, International Baccalaureate (IB), the European Baccalaureate (EB), the Deutsches Internationales Abitur (DIA) / Reifeprüfung (RP) completed at Deutsche Schule Helsinki. For the Design and Media programme, admission is based on preliminary assignments, intake assignments, and an interview. For the Finance and International Business programmes, there is also an alternative admission method based on SAT or ACT test scores. Order of preference of study options Rank your study options in the order of preference on the application form. Place highest the study option you are most interested in. Keep in mind that if you are admitted to your first or second preference option, your lower preferences will be automatically cancelled. You can change the study options or their order of preference only during the application period, from 7 to 22 January 2027. Application fee Applicants who are not citizens of the European Union (EU), or the European Economic Area (EEA) member states, or Switzerland must pay a €100 application fee to apply for higher education in Finland. Citizens of EU or EEA member states and Switzerland are exempt from the fee. In addition, certain types of Finnish residence permits provide an exemption from the fee. Detailed information on the application fee, exemptions and payment instructions are available on the Studyinfo page Application fee . If you have a document that exempts you from the application fee, you must upload it to your application form. The application fee is collected by the Finnish National Agency for Education in connection with filling out the application form in the Studyinfo.fi service. Payment must be made within seven days of submitting your application. The fee cannot be paid late. Unpaid applications will not be processed. The application fee is statutory and non-negotiable; no waivers are available. Please note that paying the fee does not guarantee admission to university. If you have questions about application fees after reviewing the Application fee page, please contact the National Agency for Education at applicationfee@oph.fi. Scholarships and tuition fees Bachelor's and master's programmes have a tuition fee for students who are not citizens of the EU/EEA countries or Switzerland. Aalto University offers a very limited number of scholarships to outstanding applicants who are liable to tuition fees. For details, see Scholarships and Tuition Fees . Admission results The admission results for admission round A are published in the Studyinfo service by 31 March 2027. The admission results for admission round B are published in the Studyinfo service by 28 May 2027 Accepting your study place offer If you have been admitted to a study programme, you will receive an email notification. You can only be admitted to your highest study option preference for which your admission results are sufficient. When all the admission results have been published, you can be admitted off the waiting list. Please note that if all study places have been filled, no one will be admitted off the waiting list. Admission from the waiting list ends on 3 August 2027, or earlier if all study places are filled. You must accept the offer of admission by the given deadline, otherwise the admission offer will be cancelled. The offer acceptance is binding. Once you have accepted the offer, the acceptance cannot be cancelled. When you bindingly accept the admission offer, your applications to other study options will be cancelled automatically. View more information about accepting your study place and other information for newly admitted students on the new bachelor's students page. The page will be updated in spring 2027. Important information about accepting your study place offer and enrolment can be found at Studyinfo . You can accept only one study place leading to a higher education degree in Finland You can only accept one study place leading to a higher education degree in Finland for education that begins in the same academic term. The one study place per term provision applies to all higher education in universities and universities of applied sciences in Finland. If you applied to multiple study options or in different application rounds, it is likely that you will not receive the admission results for all of your study option preferences at the same time. Think carefully whether you wish to accept an offered study place or wait for the results of your other study options. Submitting a rectification request The rectification request procedure gives you the possibility to appeal your admission results if you believe that there has been an error in the admission decision-making process. The rectification request must be submitted to the University Registry within 14 days of the publication of the admission results. The University will not process rectification requests received after the deadline or before the publication of the results. Rectification request must contain the grounds for your request. Rectification requests are not intended to be used as a tool for requesting feedback or additional information on the admission process, including admission results. For details, see instructions for requesting rectification to student admissions . Scholarships and Tuition Fees Bachelor's and Master's programmes have a tuition fee for non-EU/EEA citizens. Prospective students subject to tuition fees can apply for Aalto University Excellence Scholarship. Read more Info on student admissions Admission statistics Admission Services Contact Information for Aalto University Admission Services Fairs and events for applicants Connect with Aalto University year-round, online and offline. Explore upcoming events, fairs, and webinars that give you the chance to meet Aalto University students and staff in Finland and around... Read more Sign up for applicant's newsletter Sign up! Learn more about studying at Aalto Rankings Aalto University performs well in international university rankings. We place 9th globally in art & design and are in the top 100 in several other subjects. Aalto University Career and employment with an Aalto degree: guide for applicants Learn about company collaboration, discover alumni stories and explore services that help you to plan your dream career. Study at Aalto Student life at Aalto Discover genuine stories about student life at Aalto and life after graduation. Study at Aalto Chat with Aalto students Curious about life at Aalto University? Chat with Aalto students on Unibuddy and join them for virtual Coffee sessions on Fridays! Study at Aalto Study options Programmes at Aalto University Follow us on social media! Instagram Tiktok Snapchat YouTube Updated: 28.9.2026 Published: 25.10.2024 Share URL copied! Front page Admission Services Apply to Bachelor's programmes in English Sign of Change Aalto University P.O. Box 11000 (Otakaari 1B) FI-00076 AALTO Switchboard: +358 9 47001 Follow us: Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Instagram Youtube Snapchat Blogs Quicklinks Research and artistic outputs Library - Learning Centre Admissions Alumni Media IT services Open University Aalto University Shop Site index Latest News Events Careers Contact Campus maps Contact information Ethical channel - Whistleblowing For students Student Guide Webmail MyCourses MyStudies Sisu Together towards a better world. Support new ideas, research, work and leadership development towards a stronger Finland. Donate to Aalto University Privacy notice Cookie policy Feedback Accessibility statement Cookie settings Suomeksi Svenska English