Skip to main content Sign of Change Sign of Change Donate Apply to Aalto Valitse sivuston kieli / Välj webbplatsens språk / Select site language EN FI Suomeksi SV Svenska EN English Search Log in Menu Close menu Student Guide For personnel Aalto community members please log in to see internal content Admissions and studies Apply to Aalto Find a study programme How to apply Scholarships and tuition fees Bachelor's admissions (programmes in Finnish and Swedish) Bachelor's admissions (programmes in English) Master's admissions Doctoral admissions Campus life Events for applicants Chat with students Subscribe to newsletter Contact admission services Founder School: from students to founders Lifewide Learning Exchange students Research and art About our research and art Tenure track career system Doctoral education Research and learning infrastructures Research portal research.aalto.fi Rankings Schools and departments Schools School of Arts, Design and Architecture School of Business School of Chemical Engineering School of Electrical Engineering School of Engineering School of Science Departments Accounting & Business Law Applied Physics Architecture Art and Media Bioproducts and Biosystems Built Environment Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Chemistry and Materials Science Civil Engineering Computer Science Design Economics Electrical Engineering and Automation Electronics and Nanoengineering Film, Television and Scenography Finance Industrial Engineering and Management Information and Communications Engineering Information and Service Management Management Studies Marketing Mathematics and Systems Analysis Energy and Mechanical Engineering Neuroscience and Biomedical Engineering Other units Language Centre Library - Learning Centre Collaboration Collaborate with us For alumni Corporate collaboration Aalto networking platform Entrepreneurship and innovations Cooperation with HEI and research institutes Collaboration with cities and regions Support us News and events Highlights News Events Aalto University Magazine OurBlogs Podcasts About us About Aalto University Our strategy Sustainability Code of Conduct Aalto Handbook Campus People and contact information For the media Careers Tools and services All tools (requires login) All services Most used tools Aalto AI Assistant Abacus-accounting Abacus-planning Asio (booking.aalto.fi) Halli Marketing Cloud MOT Kielipalvelu (language service) Neo People hub Phone book PowerBI report finder Salesforce (Service platform) Tiima Webmail Webropol Workday Most used services AI in Aalto Communications services HR services IT Services Learning services Occupational health Research and innovation services Teacher's Handbook Travel services For students Sisu MyCourses MyStudies Browse all courses Safety and emergencies Emergencies Safety and security observations Cyber Security Cyber Security incident report Other Aalto Space Aalto University Shop Brand library and design system Lunch menus EN FI SV Apply to Aalto Donate Student Guide For personnel Aalto community members please log in to see internal content Log in Search Admission Services Scholarships and Tuition Fees Students from outside the EU, EEA or Switzerland studying in a bachelor's or master's programme taught in English are liable to pay tuition fees. Aalto University offers a limited number of scholarships in the form of tuition fee waivers to fee-paying students. The scholarships are highly competitive and granted to the top applicants. Aalto University students, photo by Unto Rautio Table of contents Loading table of contents Tuition fees In Finland, tuition fees are collected from students who are citizens of countries other than those of the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland. Tuition fees apply to degree programmes taught in English. Who needs to pay tuition fees? Most non-EU/EEA citizens have to pay tuition fees for a bachelor's or master's degree programme taught in English. Who do not pay tuition fees? Citizens of a European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA) member state or Switzerland do not pay tuition fees for degree studies. Holders of certain residence permits issued by the Finnish Immigration Service are also exempt from paying tuition fees. See the residence permit types in the Frequently asked questions section on this page ( Do I need to pay tuition fees?). Students of a bachelor's or master's degree programme taught in Finnish or Swedish (language proficiency is required). Students of a doctoral programme. How much is the tuition fee? Aalto University's tuition fees vary by study field. Tuition fees are: Bachelor's programmes Tuition fees for rights to study beginning on or after 1 August 2025 Field of Business €12 000 per academic year Fields of Art and Architecture €15 000 per academic year Field of Technology €12 000 per academic year Master's programmes Tuition fees for rights to study beginning on or after 1 August 2025 Field of Business €15 000 per academic year Fields of Art and Architecture €20 000 per academic year Field of Technology €17 000 per academic year Multidisciplinary programmes* €17 000 per academic year *Aalto University multidisciplinary master's programmes are: Creative Sustainability, International Design Business Management and Urban Studies and Planning. Aalto University reserves all rights to make changes to the tuition fee levels. The normative duration of bachelor's degree studies is three academic years, and that of master's degree studies is two academic years. International joint degree programmes may have their own tuition fees and scholarship schemes, read more on joint programmes' web pages . In addition to tuition fees, students need to finance their living expenses. For information about living costs in Finland, please see Financial matters page. Frequently asked questions - Tuition fees Do I need to pay tuition fees? Information on this page about tuition fee liability and exempting documents is valid starting from 1 December 2024 due to amendments to the Universities Act. What is your citizenship? Most non-EU/EEA citizens have to pay tuition fees for bachelor's and master's degree studies. If you are a citizen of the member states of the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, you do not have to pay tuition fee. Will you study in a bachelor's or master's programme taught in English? Bachelor's and master's programmes taught in English have a tuition fee for non-EU/EEA citizens. Tuition fees do not concern doctoral / PhD studies or bachelor's and master's degree studies that are taught in Finnish or Swedish. Studies in programmes taught in Finnish or Swedish require fulfilling the language proficiency criteria. Do you have a residence permit in Finland that exempts you from tuition fees? Certain residence permit types issued for residence in Finland exempt from tuition fee liability. Tuition fees do not concern those non-EU/EEA students who have: a permanent residence permit card in Finland, type P permit an EU residence permit for third-country citizens with long-term residence permit card in Finland (type P-EU permit) a residence card in Finland of a family member of an EU citizen. You must hold the residence permit yourself. Being a family member of a person who has a residence permit in an EU country does not grant you a tuition fee exemption. an EU blue card in Finland a Brexit residence permit card, type SEU-sopimuksen 50 artikla = Right of residence under the withdrawal agreement, or P SEU-sopimuksen 50 artikla = Right of permanent residence under the withdrawal agreement a residence permit on the basis of temporary protection in Finland, as referred to in the Aliens Act. The permit has to be valid at the beginning of the study right, and the permit cannot have later been revoked. In addition, a continuous residence permit card in Finland, type A permit, may exempt you from paying tuition fees if it is granted on grounds other than studying . However, you are required to pay tuition fees in the following cases: If your first residence permit in Finland was granted for the purpose of studying , you must pay tuition fees, even if you later obtained a continuous residence permit (type A) on other grounds. If you have a continuous residence permit (type A) based on family ties in Finland, and your family member originally came to Finland on a residence permit granted for studying , you are also required to pay tuition fees. If your continuous residence permit (type A) is granted for studying , you are required to pay tuition fees. NB! If your continuous residence permit (type A) is based on family ties in Finland, and your family member is a Finnish citizen or is staying in Finland with a permanent residence permit, you will be exempted from tuition fees. More information about the residence permit types is available on the Finnish Immigration Service website (migri.fi). Is your residence permit valid? Your residence permit has to be valid at the start of that academic year, i.e. 1 August to be exempted from tuition fees for the academic year. If your residence permit expires before August when applying to Aalto university, you are considered liable to tuition fees at the time of applying. Applicants liable to tuition fees can apply for a scholarship when applying to the university. If you receive a document that exempts you from tuition fees after the application period, you must submit a copy of the document to the university as soon as possible. The tuition fee exemption is tied to the validity period of the residence permit. If the permit's validity period runs out during the studies and the permit is not renewed, full tuition fee liability will normally start from the beginning of the academic year following the end of the permit. If you become liable to tuition fees in the middle of your studies due to a change in your residence permit type, you may be entitled to apply for a scholarship. See Aalto Reserve Scholarships for more information. When applying to the university, you must enclose copies of both sides of your valid residence permit card in Finland to your application to prove your residency status. A copy of your valid passport, or national ID card with citizenship information, is required to prove your citizenship. Will you study in an Erasmus Mundus programme? If you have an Erasmus Mundus scholarship and you study in the Erasmus Mundus programme funded by the European Union, you are not required to pay the Aalto University tuition fees. More information on tuition fee liability Information about the residence permit types is available on the Finnish Immigration Service website (migri.fi). More information about determining your liability to pay and exemptions from tuition fees can be found on the national Studyinfo (studyinfo.fi) webpage. What does the tuition fee cover? The tuition fee covers educational expenses such as courses, academic supervision, exams, counselling and university support services such as student services, library services and IT services in accordance with the university regulations. The tuition fee does not cover living costs, personal study related costs such as study materials or other costs that may be charged according to the university rules or national legislation. The tuition fee does not cover the compulsory membership fee of the Student Union (ayy.fi). Read more information about living costs in Finland at: Financial matters . What other costs are there in addition to the tuition fee? You must ensure that you have enough financial means to pay for your rent, personal expenses, transportation costs, meals, insurance etc. For information about living costs in Finland, please see Financial matters . Students must pay the compulsory membership fee of the Student Union AYY (ayy.fi). In the academic year 2025-2026 the AYY fee is 65 euros. As a Student Union (AYY) member you are entitled to significant student discounts on public transport and meals in student restaurants. University students in Finland are provided basic health care services by the Finnish Student Health Service (FSHS). To have access to FSHS services, bachelor and master students must pay the mandatory healthcare fee for students in higher education annually to Kela (the Social Insurance Institution of Finland). In 2025, the student healthcare fee is 36 euros per semester. Make sure you have valid health insurance, as the FSHS only provides basic health care services and does not have its own accident and emergency service unit. Valid health insurance is also required for residence permit. Read more information on health insurance requirements at Finnish Immigration Service website (migri.fi) . Do I have to pay tuition fee if I get a fee-exempting residence permit / Extension to a fee-exempting residence permit / EU/EEA citizenship after the application period? You are considered liable for tuition fees at the time of applying to the university, if you do not have a document exempting you from tuition fees that is valid at the start of the academic year, i.e. 1 August . If your residence permit in Finland expires before August, you must indicate on your admission application form that you do not have a fee-exempting residence permit. Applicants liable for tuition fees can apply for a scholarship (i.e. tuition fee waiver) during the application period. If you receive a document exempting you from tuition fees after the application period, you must submit a copy of the document to the university as soon as possible : If you receive the document before admission results are published , submit a copy of the document to Aalto University Admission Services at admissions@aalto.fi. In case you receive the document after admission to the university , submit a copy of the document and request an exemption from tuition fees by emailing tuitionfees@aalto.fi . How do I pay the tuition fee? You can pay the tuition fee after accepting the admission offer bindingly. Tuition fee must be paid as a single instalment for the following academic year. It is not possible to pay the tuition fee in two or more instalments per year. Please find instructions for paying the tuition fee here . For subsequent instalments, you will receive instructions prior to the start of each academic year. Students who are liable to pay tuition fee cannot enroll at the university before paying the tuition fee. For new students, we recommend that the tuition fee is paid at the latest by 31 July. If you have any questions related to tuition fees, please contact tuitionfees@aalto.fi . When can a tuition fee be refunded? You have a right to full refund of the paid tuition fee (excluding possible bank-specific payment charges): if you are conditionally admitted and do not fulfil the admission requirements and your study place is cancelled, if you are not granted a residence permit in Finland, if your residence permit status changes before enrolment to the university and you are no longer required to pay fees (copy of residence permit in Finland must be submitted before the end of enrolment period), if Aalto University is unable to offer the degree programme you have been admitted to You may have a right to partial refund of the paid tuition fee (excluding possible bank-specific payment charges), if your residence permit status changes during your studies and you are no longer required to pay fees. You must provide a Finnish residence permit as proof for university's decision-making. When a change in fee status is made during an ongoing semester, reimbursement of the tuition fee for that semester is, as a rule, not possible. The fee will be reimbursed for the upcoming semester. Can I postpone the beginning of studies by one year? According to the Universities Act Section 39 you are not able to postpone the beginning of studies, unless in situations specified in the Act. New students must register as attending for the first academic year. Scholarships Aalto University offers a very limited number of scholarships to outstanding applicants who are liable to tuition fees. Aalto University Excellence Scholarships are merit-based and are granted on a competitive basis to the highest-achieving applicants based on the programme's evaluation criteria. Programmes may decide not to grant any scholarships. Certain international joint degree programmes have their own tuition fees and scholarship schemes. Aalto University reserves all rights to make changes to the scholarship programme. Scholarship candidates are screened against the EU sanctions lists; scholarships are not awarded to individuals on those lists. Aalto University Excellence Scholarship Aalto University offers a very limited number of scholarships to fee-paying students. Aalto University Excellence Scholarships are merit-based and are granted on a competitive basis to the highest-achieving applicants based on the programme's evaluation criteria. Programmes may decide not to grant any scholarships. Scope of scholarship Aalto University Excellence Scholarships are awarded as tuition fee waivers that cover the full tuition fee. Aalto University Excellence Scholarships do not cover living costs. Students need to cover all living expenses (at least 800 euros per month) and other study related costs from their own financial resources. Please consider your finances before submitting an application. You can read more information about living costs in Finland at: Financial matters . How to apply for a scholarship? If you are a non-EU/EEA citizen liable to tuition fees, you can apply for the scholarship when you apply to Aalto University. The scholarship application is part of the application form for admission. On the application form, you will be offered an option to apply or not apply for the scholarship. Only students who are liable to pay tuition fees are eligible to apply for Aalto University Excellence Scholarship, i.e. tuition fee waiver. Scholarship must be applied during the application period. You cannot apply for a scholarship after the application period. You cannot get a scholarship if you have not applied for it during the application period. Scholarship decisions Scholarships can be awarded to the best applicants based on the programme's evaluation criteria. Programmes may decide not to grant any scholarships. Applicants are ranked according to the criteria indicated on the programme's webpage. In the master's admissions scholarships are allocated during the academic evaluation stage as part of the admissions process of a degree programme. The best applicants liable to tuition fees may be awarded a scholarship. The academic evaluation criteria are available on the study option websites . The scholarship decision is given at the same time with the admission decision. As defined in the Universities Act, the scholarship decision cannot be appealed to. Duration of scholarship Scholarships are granted for the normative period of study of the degree programme. The normative study period is three years full-time study for bachelor's degree and two years full-time study for master's degree. Scholarship requires full-time study and studying according to the approved personal study plan. Discount on tuition fees for new bachelor's students for early acceptance of an admission offer If you are a new bachelor's student, you will receive a 25% reduction on the tuition fee for your first academic year if you accept your admission offer as instructed and pay the tuition fee by a specific deadline. The exact deadline for the discounted tuition fee payment depends on your situation, please see the right information below: If you are offered a study place to your highest ranked (first) study option preference: you must accept the admission offer and pay the tuition fee within 21 days of the date the university's acceptance letter was sent to you to receive the 25% reduction. The exact deadline for the discounted payment will be in your acceptance letter. If you are offered a study place to a lower (second or third) study option preference: you will receive a separate email in May once all the admission results to Aalto's English-taught bachelor's programmes are published. You must accept the admission offer and pay the tuition fee within 21 days of the date the email was sent to you to receive the 25% reduction. The exact deadline for the discounted payment will be in the separate email sent to you in May. If you are offered a study place from the waiting list: you must accept the admission offer and pay the tuition fee within 21 days of the date you were admitted off the waiting list to receive the 25% reduction. Please note that the deadline to accept the admission offer might be earlier than the deadline for the discounted tuition fee payment. The exact deadlines will be in your acceptance letter. The payment of the discounted tuition fee must be received (payment status guaranteed) within the 21 day time limit, by the specific deadline. The offer may only be used in the academic year when the student was admitted and may not be transferred to any other time. Scholarships for graduates from Aalto's bachelor's programme who continue in master's programmes Tuition fee liable students who graduate from an Aalto University bachelor's programme taught in English may receive an Aalto University scholarship for master's studies if they have received the Aalto University Excellence Scholarship for their bachelor's programmeand if they complete the bachelor's degree within the target time period (i.e. three years or six terms) with a weighted average grade of at least 3.5. The weighted average grade is calculated from the completed degree in its entirety. The scholarship is available only for Aalto master's programmes to which the student has a direct right to study, i.e. without applying through an external master's admissions procedure. The scholarship is granted as a 100% tuition fee waiver for the target time frame of a master's degree. The target time for completing a master's degree is two years. Other scholarship possibilities In addition to the Aalto University scholarships listed above, there are other scholarship opportunities to finance your studies. Aalto University offers some scholarships in collaboration with its partners, whereas others are fully offered by external scholarship providers. Many of these scholarships are programme or country-specific. Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship for applicants to Master's Programme in Marketing and Master's Programme in International Management In memory of Pekka Mattila, these merit-based scholarships are aimed at particularly talented students admitted to the School of Business Master's Programme in Marketing and Master's Programme in International Management who are liable to pay tuition fees . Scholarship amount The Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarships consist of a €3,000 relocation grant, paid at the beginning of the degree programme. Who can apply for the scholarship? Applicants who are required to pay tuition fees and are applying to the School of Business Master's Programme in Marketing or the Master's Programme in International Management are eligible to apply for the Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship, regardless of age, nationality, or gender. Selection criteria Selection for the Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship takes place during the admission process and is based on the academic evaluation of applicants according to the evaluation criteria outlined on the programme pages. The Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship cannot be combined with the Aalto University Excellence Scholarship. Applicants may apply for both scholarships; however, if they are awarded the Aalto University Excellence Scholarship, they will no longer be eligible for the Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship. How to apply for the scholarship? Apply to the programme and Aalto University Excellence Scholarship Submit your application to the School of Business Master's Programme in Marketing or the Master's Programme in International Management during the application period for Aalto University master's programmes. During this process, you can also apply for the Aalto University Excellence Scholarship with the same application form. Submit the Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship form After submitting your application to Aalto University, complete the Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship form stating your motivation and eligibility. The link to the application form is provided below. Application form The scholarship application must be submitted by 20 March 2026 at 15.00/3pm (UTC +2) at the latest for the 2026 master's admissions. The instructions for application round of 2027 will be updated during autumn 2026. Scholarship decision Selected applicants will be notified in the same week that the Aalto University admission results are published. Payment of the scholarship The €3,000 grant will be transferred during the first year of the student's attendance at Aalto University. Payments will be made to Finnish or SEPA bank accounts for selected scholarship recipients after enrolment. Contact information If you have any questions regarding the Pekka Mattila Excellence Scholarship, please contact tuitionfees@aalto.fi. International joint degree programmes Some international joint degree programmes have their own tuition fees and scholarship schemes, read more on programmes' web pages . Programmes with their own scholarship schemes: Autonomous Systems and Intelligent Robots - ICT Innovation (EIT Digital Master School) Cloud and Network Infrastructures and High-Performance Computing - ICT Innovation (EIT Digital Master School) Communications and Data Science (CoDaS) Cybersecurity and Assurance (CYBERSURE, Erasmus Mundus) Data Science - ICT Innovation (EIT Digital Master School) Environomical Pathways for Sustainable Energy Systems (SELECT) Human-Computer Interaction and Design with Extended Reality - ICT Innovation (EIT Digital Master School) Re:Play European Joint Master Smart Systems Integrated Solutions Sustainable Urban Mobility Transitions (EIT Urban Mobility) Fulbright-Aalto University Graduate Award to master students from the United States Fulbright-Aalto University Graduate Award is a prestigious scholarship for Aalto University master's degree students from the United States . The award offers many benefits including generous living allowance, comprehensive support services and excellent networking opportunities. The application deadline for the award from Fulbright is typically in early October . The award has a dual application procedure. Separate applications need to be submitted to: the Fulbright grant competition and Master's admissions at Aalto University. Applicants can also apply for the Aalto University Scholarship in their application for admission. Read more information on the Fulbright-Aalto University Graduate Award on the Fulbright Finland Foundation website . For more information from Aalto, please contact tuitionfees@aalto.fi. FUNED scholarship to master students from Mexico FUNED MAESTRÍAS consists of a fund for maintenance and tuition fees paid directly to the candidate who will carry out master's studies abroad at one of the Top 200 universities. The funds for this call are made up of: 10% scholarship from FUNED + 90% credit from Eduk Pro. The total support of the scholarship plus the credit will be from 5,000 to 30,000 US dollars. Aalto University has a collaboration with FUNED, which allows four FUNED scholarship recipients who have been accepted to Aalto University to additionally obtain an Aalto University partial discount equivalent to 25% on the tuition fee for the duration of the programme. Available to Citizens of Mexico who are required to pay tuition fees for Finnish university studies at Aalto University First year Aalto University Master's programme accepted students of all programmes with tuition fee liability at Aalto University (get in touch for eligibility in Joint programmes) Amount A 25% discount of the tuition fees for the normative period of study. For more information on the terms and conditions: FUNED (Fundación Mexicana para la Educación, la Tecnología y la Ciencia) for students from Mexico . COLFUTURO scholarship to master students from Colombia COLFUTURO is a Colombian non-profit foundation that was established in 1991 with the support of the National Government and some of the most important companies of the private sector in the country at that time. Its main objective is to provide financial support and increase the possibilities of Colombian citizens to access high-quality postgraduate study programs abroad. The financial support model they use is a Scholarship-Loan. COLFUTURO offers each student up to US$50,000, which may be requested in full, even if the program is one year. Students may be awarded scholarships for 80% of the loaned amount through incentive activities. Aalto University has a collaboration with Colfuturo, which allows four Colfuturo granted applicants to additionally obtain an Aalto University partial discount equivalent to 25% on the tuition fee for the duration of the programme. Available to First year Master's programme applicants of all programmes at Aalto University with tuition fee liability at Aalto University (get in touch for eligibility in Joint programmes) Citizens of Colombia who are required to pay tuition fees for Finnish university studies at Aalto University Amount A 25% reduction of the tuition fees for the normative period of study. For more information on the terms and conditions: COLFUTURO . External funding You can find several external scholarships and loan schemes suitable for international students on the External Scholarships webpage. Aalto University does not administer the scholarship programs listed on the external scholarship page. They are entirely external scholarships listed for your convenience. For any inquiries on criteria, application process, decision making or timetables, kindly reach out to the respective institutions directly. You can also look for different scholarship opportunities available in your country e.g. at the Scholarship Portal . Frequently asked questions - Scholarships Can I apply for Aalto University Excellence Scholarship? If you are required to pay a tuition fee, you can apply for a scholarship during the application period for admission. If you are a citizen of a European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA) country, you are not required to pay tuition fees for your degree studies and are not eligible to apply for Aalto University Excellence Scholarship (i.e. tuition fee waiver). Do you offer Aalto University scholarships that cover living costs? At the moment, Aalto University does not offer university-wide scholarships to cover living costs. The costs of living are higher in the capital region (Espoo, Helsinki and Vantaa) than elsewhere in the country. Thus, you should prepare to have at least 800 euros per month to cover your living costs. In order to be granted a residence permit, the Finnish immigration authorities require you to have sufficient means to support yourself financially in Finland. Information about living costs is available on the Financial matters page. For information about student's residence permit requirements, see the Finnish Immigration Service website (www.migri.fi). Can I go on student exchange or internship abroad? Do I have to pay the tuition fee or will my possible scholarship cover the exchange period? Yes, you can go on an exchange period or internship abroad. You do have to pay the tuition fee even if going for exchange studies or for an internship abroad. If you have been awarded a scholarship for your degree at Aalto, you will receive the scholarship for your studies abroad as well. I was admitted off the waiting list. Can I have a scholarship? Applicants admitted off the waiting list cannot receive a scholarship. Scholarship decisions are made at the time admission results are released. Scholarships are awarded to the top applicants and are not re-allocated. Students who are liable to tuition fees and are admitted off the waiting list must cover the tuition fees and living expenses (at least 800 euros per month) from their own financial resources. Aalto University does not have additional scholarships or other financial support for students. I was admitted to my second priority study option in the Master's admissions and I'm on a waiting list for my first study option. I was granted a scholarship, does it transfer to my first study option if I'm admitted off the waiting list? Scholarships are study-option-specific in the Master's admissions. If you have been granted a scholarship to your second study option, it does not transfer to your first study option. You lose the scholarship, if you do not accept the study place bindingly to your second study option. If you wish to receive the scholarship and start studies in your second study option, accept the study place bindingly. Does applying for scholarship influence my chances of getting admission? No, applying for scholarship makes no difference to your application for admission. Applicants are ranked for each programme according to the admissions criteria. Your chances of getting admission are the same with or without applying for a scholarship. You may also decline the offer for a scholarship and still accept the offer for admission if, for example, you obtain funding from another source. You can only apply for Aalto University Excellence Scholarship when you apply for admission. If I apply for and I am not granted a scholarship, can I still accept my admission offer? Yes, you can, but you will need to have the funds for the tuition fee and living expenses. Read more about living costs at: Financial matters . Learn more about applying Study options Apply to master's programmes Apply to Bachelor's programmes in Finnish and Swedish Admission Services Other useful information Sign up for applicant's newsletter (external link) Fairs and events for applicants Rankings Admission statistics Updated: 25.8.2026 Published: 4.9.2018 Share URL copied! Front page Admission Services Scholarships and Tuition Fees Sign of Change Aalto University P.O. Box 11000 (Otakaari 1B) FI-00076 AALTO Switchboard: +358 9 47001 Follow us: Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Instagram Youtube Snapchat Blogs Quicklinks Research and artistic outputs Library - Learning Centre Admissions Alumni Media IT services Open University Aalto University Shop Site index Latest News Events Careers Contact Campus maps Contact information Ethical channel - Whistleblowing For students Student Guide Webmail MyCourses MyStudies Sisu Together towards a better world. Support new ideas, research, work and leadership development towards a stronger Finland. Donate to Aalto University Privacy notice Cookie policy Feedback Accessibility statement Cookie settings Suomeksi Svenska English