Skip to main content ICO (Exchange&Erasmus) Registrar's Office Northern Cyprus Campus StudyinTürkiye Türkçe International Students Office Menu ▾ Home ODTÜ in Brief ▾ About ODTÜ 360° ODTÜ About Ankara Brochures & Flyers Student Experiences Academics ▾ Undergraduate Programs and Degrees Graduate Programs and Degrees Academic Calendar Prospective Students ▾ Undergraduate Applications ▾ Who can Apply? How to Apply? Application Dates English Proficiency Required Documents Application Requirements Undergraduate Programs for International Students Graduate Applications Transfer Applications Special Students Useful Information ▾ Residence Permit Tuition Fee Health Care Services and Insurance Scholarship Opportunities Accommodation Foreign National Identity Number Cost of Living Work Permits Contact Application Requirements Undergraduate Applications Who can Apply? How to Apply? Application Dates English Proficiency Required Documents Application Requirements Undergraduate Programs for International Students Share Tweet Last Updated: 09/01/2024 - 14:52 English Türkçe Listen The list of the exams and qualifications that can be used as the primary application document for undergraduate programs at METU Ankara Campus and also the minimum scores required for each of these qualifications are available via this link . A score satisfying at least any one of these exams/qualifications is required. The criteria specified in this list represent the minimum application requirements. However, fulfilling these requirements does not guarantee admission. Admission and rejection decisions are made in line with the quotas announced for the program, based on a holistic evaluation of additional data and documents that the applicant submitted. A detailed explanation of how this holistic evaluation works is explained here: https://iso.metu.edu.tr/en/announcement/how-strengthen-your-application Please note that exam results such as TR-YÖS, SAT, QUDURAT, and TQDK are valid for two years. Documents holding the status of a high-school diploma are valid with any date. CLICK HERE TO SEE THE FULL LIST OF THE ODTÜ INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS APPLICATION CRITERIA . Üniversiteler Mahallesi, Dumlupınar Bulvarı No:1, 06800 Çankaya/Ankara © ORTA DOĞU TEKNİK ÜNİVERSİTESİ ANKARA KAMPUSU