Skip to main content ICO (Exchange&Erasmus) Registrar's Office Northern Cyprus Campus StudyinTürkiye Türkçe International Students Office Menu ▾ Home ODTÜ in Brief ▾ About ODTÜ 360° ODTÜ About Ankara Brochures & Flyers Student Experiences Academics ▾ Undergraduate Programs and Degrees Graduate Programs and Degrees Academic Calendar Prospective Students ▾ Undergraduate Applications ▾ Who can Apply? How to Apply? Application Dates English Proficiency Required Documents Application Requirements Undergraduate Programs for International Students Graduate Applications Transfer Applications Special Students Useful Information ▾ Residence Permit Tuition Fee Health Care Services and Insurance Scholarship Opportunities Accommodation Foreign National Identity Number Cost of Living Work Permits Contact Scholarship Opportunities Useful Information Residence Permit Tuition Fee Health Care Services and Insurance Scholarship Opportunities Accommodation Foreign National Identity Number Cost of Living Work Permits Share Tweet Last Updated: 16/09/2024 - 09:33 English Türkçe Listen Tuition Fee Discount / Exemption Our University provides tuition discounts or exemptions for international students according to their academic success. In order to benefit from discounts or exemptions, you do not need to make an application. Each year students are evaluated for discounts or exemptions according to their academic success. Those who get the right to benefit from discounts or exemptions are informed via e-mail. Detailed information can be found here for the undergraduate students and here for the graduate students. Other Scholarships Provided by Middle East Technical University We would like to assist our international students in financial terms and we want our international students to enjoy the same limited scholarships provided to Turkish students. METU provides several scholarships such as meal scholarship, dormitory scholarship, and aid in the form of cash by METU Development Foundation. For our international students to apply for mentioned forms of scholarships, they need to submit the documents mentioned below to METU Scholarship and Tuition Fee Office, located between Industrial Engineering and Çatı Cafe. Applications which do not have all asked documents are not to be evaluated. Applications for scholarships can only be done by directly submitting the required documents to Scholarship and Tuition Fee Office. Documents sent online or online application requests will not be evaluated. For students to apply for mentioned scholarships, they need to submit: A signed petition with explicit contact information which states the reasons for applying to scholarships in detail. Relevant documents which can prove and substantiate the details and problems stated in the written petition. Since the problem encountered by students may have different reasons and sources, there is no specific document by METU. Students are expected to provide the document which evinces for their financial problems, loss or other problems which have financial results and creates the need for scholarships. Unless there are exceptional and urgent cases which needs immediate attention, applications for mentioned scholarships can be done between periods stated below. If there is an unexpected and urgent case, students can apply for besides these periods. However, if their case is not considered expectional and urgent, their application outside these durations will not evaluated. For Fall Semesters : September - October For Spring Semesters: February - March Üniversiteler Mahallesi, Dumlupınar Bulvarı No:1, 06800 Çankaya/Ankara © ORTA DOĞU TEKNİK ÜNİVERSİTESİ ANKARA KAMPUSU