METU ANKARA CAMPUS UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS - INTERNATIONAL STUDENT MINIMUM APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS *** (Last update: 05/01/2024) INTERNATIONAL EXAMS AND QUALIFICATIONS Advanced Placement Test (AP) A minimum grade of 4 in each of at least four Advanced Placement subjects. (Calculus AB or BC is required for the Faculty of Engineering, Faculty of Architecture, and scientific programs offered by the Faculty of Arts and Sciences.) American College Testing (ACT) A minimum score of 27 out of 36. SAT I A minimum total score of 1200 (with an additional minimum "Math" score of 700 out of 800 for the Faculty of Engineering, Faculty of Architecture, and scientific programs offered by the Faculty of Arts and Sciences ) International A Levels A minimum grade of ABB in three A-level subjects, two of which are relevant to the program applied for. (Language subjects other than English cannot be used for application.) International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma An International Baccalaureate Diploma with a min. total score of 33 (at least one High Level-HL course relevant to the program applied for should be taken.) International Science Olympiads A gold, silver or bronze medal in an international science olympiad that TÜBİTAK (Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey) recognizes and participates in: (IOI) The International Olympiad in Informatics , (IBO) The International Biology Olympiad, (IPhO) The International Physics Olympiad, (IChO) The International Chemistry Olympiad, (IMO) The International Mathematical Olympiad, (JBMO) Junior Balkan Mathematical Olympiad, (BMO) Balkan Mathematical Olympiad, (BOI) Balkan Olympiad in Informatics TR-YÖS Having ranked in the first 5th percentile in the TR-YÖS exam taken by the applicant. WAEC A maximum total score of 15 in five subjects of the West African Examination Council - (International) Senior School Certificate Exam ination (WAEC - SSCE), three of which are related to the program applied for. (Ghana, Nigeria, Liberia, Gambia, Sierra Leone) NATIONAL EXAMS AND QUALIFICATIONS Country Category-A* Afghanistan Having attained a minimum of 90% of the highest Kankor score recorded in the year the exam is taken. Germany A maximum total score of 2.3 in the Abitur. Austria A maximum score of 2 out of 5 in the Matura (Central Secondary Education Certificate). Azerbaijan A minimum score of 625 out of 700 in the university entrance exam in the area of specialization related to the program applied for. United Kingdom A minimum grade of ABB in three A-level subjects, two of which are related to the program applied for. (Language subjects other than English cannot be used for application) or a minimum grade of DDD in BTEC Level 3 Diploma in the field related to the program applied for. Botswana A minimum letter grade of A in five subjects, two of which are related to the program applied for, in the Botswana General Certificate of Secondary Education (BGCSE). People's Republic of China A minimum score of 550 out of 750 in the University Entrance Examination (Gaokao) in the test score type required for the program applied for, or a minimum average of 80% in the 12-year high school diploma (Senior Secondary School Certificate). Indonesia A minimum average of 90% in high school diploma, provided that the diploma allows a transition to a four-year undergraduate program or a minimum score of 620 in the UTBK exam in the field related to the program applied for, Finland A minimum letter grade of M (magna cum laude approbatur) in the National Matriculation Examination (Ylioppilastutkinto / studenteksamen). France French Baccalaureate with a minimum score of 14 out of 20 in the stream related to the program applied for. South Korea Having achieved a minimum average of 75% in the College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) [Suneung]. Applicants must also have taken and successfully completed Mathematics at B level for admission to the Faculty of Engineering, Faculty of Architecture, and scientific programs offered by the Faculty of Arts and Sciences. Netherlands A minimum grade of 7 out of 10 in the VWO diploma. Sweden A minimum grade of C in each of the subjects related to the program applied for in the high school diploma, provided that the diploma allows a transition to a four-year undergraduate program. Cameroon Baccalaureate with a minimum score of 16 out of 20, or at least three Advanced Level passes in the Cameroon General Certificate of Education Advanced Level with a minimum letter grade of B in two subjects related to the program applied for. Kazakhstan A minimum total score of 125 out of 140 in the Unified National Testing (UNT) in 5 subjects, including 2 optional subjects, related to the program applied for. Kenya Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KCSE) with a minimum average grade of "B+", and at least 44 points earned in four subjects related to the program applied for. Kyrgyzstan A minimum score of 205 out of 250 in the National University Entrance Examination (ORT). Malaysia Minimum grades of A-B-B in three subjects, two of which are related to the program applied for, in the Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) Examination. Mongolia A minimum score of at least 660 out of 800 in the National University Entrance Examination in each of the four areas related to the program applied for. Norway A minimum grade of 4.5 out of 6 in the Norwegian Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate. Rwanda At least three Advanced Level principal passes in the Rwanda Advanced General Secondary Certificate Examination with a minimum grade of A in two subjects related to the program applied for. Russian Federation A minimum average of 80% in the Unified State Examination (EGE) in three subjects with at least two subjects related to the program applied for, including Math subject for the Faculty of Engineering, Faculty of Architecture, and scientific programs offered by the Faculty of Arts and Sciences. Sri Lanka At least three subjects related to the program applied for in the Sri Lanka GCE-AL (Sri Lanka G.C.E Advanced Level Examination) with minimum grades A-B-B. Saudi Arabia General Secondary Education Certificate with a minimum exam score of 90% in the stream related to the program applied for and a minimum average of 90% in the Qudurat Test. Tanzania A "Division One" pass (pass in General Studies and pass with not more than 9 points in three subjects taken at the principal level) in the stream related to the program applied for in the Tanzanian Advanced Certificate of Secondary Education (ACSE). Türkiye Having attained the placement base score for the program applied for in the university entrance exam for the year of application in the test score type required for the program. Uganda At least three Advanced Level principal passes in the Uganda Advanced Certificate of Education Examination (UACE) with a minimum grade of B in two subjects related to the program applied for. Ukraine In the Ukrainian "External Independent Test (OZN)", A minimum score of 160 out of 200 in at least two subjects related to the program applied for. Zambia Having passed the Secondary School Certificate Exam (SCE) and obtained a maximum score of 3 or above (B, Merit) in three subjects related to the program applied for. Zimbabwe A minimum of one "A" and two "B" grades from three ZIMSEC A levels in the subjects related to the program applied for. Country Category-B* USA, Angola, Albania, Australia , Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Algeria, Djibouti, Chad, Czechia , Denmark, Estonia, Morocco, Ivory Coast, Palestine, Gabon, Guinea, South Africa, Georgia, Croatia, India, Spain, Switzerland, Italy, Japan, C anada, Montenegro, Kosovo, North Macedonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Lebanon , Hungary , Mali, Moldo va, Mauritania, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Senegal, Serbia, Slovakia, Togo, Tunisia, New Zealand, Greece Having achieved a minimum of 80% success in a high school graduation certificate referred to as a Baccalaureate/High School Graduation Certificate/Matura/General Secondary Education Certificate, provided that this certificate allows transition to a 4-year undergraduate program. Country Category-C* Bahrain, Bangladesh, United Arab Emirates, Burundi, Ethiopia, Iraq, Islamic Republic of Iran, Qatar, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kuwait, Libya, Egypt, U zbekistan, Pakistan, Somali a, Sudan, Syria, Taj ikistan, Turkmenistan, Oman, Jordan, Yemen, Other Countries** Having achieved a minimum of 90% success in a high school graduation certificate referred to as a Baccalaureate/High School Graduation Certificate/Matura/General Secondary Education Certificate, provided that this certificate allows transition to a 4-year undergraduate program. *The country categorizations do not imply priority for any specific country. The purpose of the categorization is to present the application criteria list in a more simplified manner. ** Countries listed in Category A will not be covered in Category C, Other Countries. High school diplomas awarded in Türkiye and the TRNC through national high school curriculums will not be covered in Category C, Other Countries. Additionally, diplomas awarded in Ghana, Nigeria, Liberia, Gambia, and Sierra Leone will not be covered in Category C, Other Countries. *** The criteria specified in this document represent the minimum application requirements. However, fulfilling these requirements does not guarantee admission. Admission and rejection decisions are made in line with the quotas announced for the program, based on a holistic evaluation of additional data and documents that the applicant submitted.