Skip to main content Visit Princeton.edu Secondary Navigation Cost & Aid Net Price Calculator Fees & Payment Options Search Main Navigation (First Col) Apply Cost & Aid Academics Community Diversity Main Navigation (Mid Col) Apply Overview Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Cost & Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Fees & Payment Options Academics Overview Degrees & Departments Minors What Does Liberal Arts Mean? The Senior Thesis Faculty Profiles First-Year Seminars & The Precept System Intern & Study Abroad Advising & Mentoring Community Overview Athletics Clubs & Organizations Residential Colleges & Housing Dining Options ROTC Campus Resources Fun Facts Diversity Overview Statement of Values Campus Resources & Centers Counselor Access & CBOs Institutional Partners DE&I Blog Content New & Noteworthy Main Navigation (Mobile) Apply Overview Before you apply Helpful Tips How to Apply International Students Standardized Testing Application Dates & Deadlines Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines Application Checklist Transfer Application Checklist Princeton-specific Questions Transfer Essay Questions Graded Written Paper Optional Arts Supplement QuestBridge Admission Statistics For International Students For Home-schooled Students For Undocumented or DACA Students For Counselors Meet the Admission Team Cost & Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Fees & Payment Options Academics Overview Degrees & Departments Minors What Does Liberal Arts Mean? The Senior Thesis Faculty Profiles First-Year Seminars & The Precept System Intern & Study Abroad Advising & Mentoring Community Overview Athletics Clubs & Organizations Residential Colleges & Housing Dining Options ROTC Campus Resources Fun Facts Diversity Overview Statement of Values Campus Resources & Centers Counselor Access & CBOs Institutional Partners DE&I Blog Content New & Noteworthy Contact Visit FAQ Blog Podcast Hero Content Cost & Aid Home Cost & Aid Our aid program is designed to encourage all qualified students - regardless of financial circumstances - to consider applying for admission to Princeton. Reflected in Princeton's financial aid program is our commitment to access and affordability. Princeton admission is need-blind - there is no disadvantage in the admission process for financial aid applicants. This ensures a continued and growing enrollment of a diverse group of students from all socioeconomic backgrounds. If offered admission, Princeton will meet 100% of your demonstrated financial need with grant aid. In fact, Princeton is often less expensive than your state college or university. Launch Net Price Calculator Apply for Financial Aid Princeton Is Affordable $68,140 is the tuition for the 2026-27 academic year. 89% of recent seniors graduated debt free. 100% of the average grant covers 100% of tuition. 71% of the class of 2030 qualified for financial aid One of the Most Generous Aid Programs in the Country Princeton is one of a handful of universities that applies the same financial aid policy to international students. We determine a family's ability to pay using our own simplified formula. Princeton's no-loan policy replaces student loans with grant aid that students do not pay back - this makes it possible to graduate with little to no debt. Estimate the amount of financial aid you may be eligible to receive by using the Net Price Calculator (United States and Canada residents only). For additional information on the cost of attendance including tuition, housing, food, fees, and miscellaneous expenses, visit Fees & Payment Options . Average Net Cost $90,574 -$83,000 Tuition & fees, housing, and food for the 2026-27 academic year The estimated average grant for an aid student $7,574 Average net cost of tuition, college fee, housing, and food for aid recipients Financial Aid Methodology Income Total Family Contribution* 150,000 0 200,000 12,500 250,000 25,000 300,000 37,500 350,000 50,000 *Average Family Contribution by Income based on families with assets less than $175,000, residing in the United States with one child enrolled in college. Attainable, Accessible and Affordable We are committed to making a Princeton education affordable to all. Since 2001, grants have replaced student loans in the Princeton financial aid package for all aid recipients. The Princeton Financial Aid Application (PFAA) is free and easy to use for both U.S. and international applicants. Our generous financial aid program allows undergraduates to graduate from Princeton with little to no debt. Apply for Financial Aid Attainable, Accessible and Affordable We are committed to making a Princeton education affordable to all. Since 2001, grants have replaced student loans in the Princeton financial aid package for all aid recipients. The Princeton Financial Aid Application (PFAA) is free and easy to use for both U.S. and international applicants. Our generous financial aid program allows undergraduates to graduate from Princeton with little to no debt. Apply for Financial Aid Cost & Aid FAQs FAQs Words cannot express how generous Princeton is - do not let finances keep you from applying! - Drew Sloan '28 Read the Blog My Financial Aid How Do I Apply for Financial Aid? You must first apply for admission and create your Princeton Applicant Portal account. Apply For Financial Aid What Are My Financing Options? Princeton offers different methods for paying the University bill. Financing Options How Much Is My Grant? Our grant may vary based on the Financial Aid Office's evaluation of your individual family's resources. Grant Evaluation Financial Aid Forms and Deadlines Financial Aid Documents: Early Action Regular Decision Transfer Program Princeton Financial Aid Application (PFAA) Nov. 9 Feb. 1 March 9 Parent's 2025 federal income tax return and W-2 statements Nov. 9 Feb. 1 March 9 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Nov. 9 Feb. 1 March 9 Noncustodial parent form or waiver request form Nov. 9 Feb. 1 March 9 New & Noteworthy University Raises Funds for United Way With the help of a robust group of departmental volunteers, the campus community raised $121,467.08 during the 2021 United Way Campaign. Proceeds support the United Way of Greater Mercer County's education, financial stability, food insecurity and health programs. BLOG: "From Financial Aid to Fully Funded Experiences" Blogger Patrice McGivney explains the important role Princeton's generous need-based financial aid program played when deciding to enroll at the University. Princeton Trustees Set 2022-23 Budget, Increasing Student Financial Support by 10% The trustees of Princeton University have adopted an operating budget for the University totaling $2.66 billion for 2022-23, which includes a 6.6% increase to $217.4 million in the undergraduate financial aid budget to continue to ensure that a Princeton education is accessible for every admitted student. Total support for undergraduate and graduate students will increase by 10% and exceed $500 million. BLOG: "On-campus Jobs" Blogger Roberto Hasbun reflects on his experience working part-time as a college student and explains the various employment opportunities available to Princeton undergraduates. Venture Forward Gift Launches Initiative on Blockchain and Decentralization of Power Princeton University is launching an initiative on blockchain and its potential to disrupt and redistribute power in society. Supported by four alumni in a combined major gift to Princeton's Venture Forward campaign, the initiative will convene scholars across disciplines to better understand the potential benefits and pitfalls of the technology. BLOG: "Financial Aid Made Princeton Possible for Me" Blogger Andrea Reino looks back on her Princeton experience and how the University's financial aid program made it all possible. Princeton's Endowment Returns Continue to Support University Mission and Impact For the fiscal year that ended June 30, 2021, Princeton's endowment earned a 46.9% investment gain and its value stood at $37.7 billion. The average annual return on the endowment for the past 10 years is 12.7% and 11.2% for the past 20 years. BLOG: "One Perspective on Financial Aid" Blogger Jonathan Haynes answers the question "Why Princeton?" by explaining the importance of Princeton's no-loan financial aid policy. Footer Admission ACCESSIBILITY Blog Contact Counselors REQUEST INFO © 2026 The Trustees of Princeton University The Office of Admission resides within the Office of the Dean of the College. Diversity and Non-discrimination Privacy Notice