International Admission. Overview. The medium of instruction is English. A culturally rich and harmonious campus with over 20,000 students from Hong Kong, Chinese Mainland and more than 80 countries and regions. Applicants with international qualifications are expected to fulfil the English Language Requirements. English Language Requirements. IELTS. Overall band score of 6.5 or above (Academic Module). (The test must be taken within two years prior to the start date of Semester A of admission year. Online/ Home edition test results including IELTS Indicator (home edition), IELTS Online and IELTS One Skill Retake are not accepted.) TOEFL. Tests taken on or after 21 January 2026 Minimum total score of 4.5 out of 6 in the Internet-based test (iBT). Tests taken before 21 January 2026 Minimum total score of 79 out of 120 in the Internet-based test (iBT). (The test must be taken within two years prior to the start date of Semester A of admission year. Only accepts internet-based scores from a single test date, not MyBest scores. Online/ Home edition test results including TOEFL iBT (Home Edition) are not accepted.) Key Dates. 24 Sep 2026 Application Opens. 15 Nov 2026 Early Round Application Deadline. Dec 2026 Early Round Results Announcement. 15 Jan 2027 Main Round Application Deadline. Feb - May 2027 Main Round Results Announcement. 30 Aug 2027 Start of Semester A, 2027/28 (Provisional). Admission Arrangements. Applicants holding a 12-year school-leaving qualification, or a partially completed sub-degree qualification: Admission to first-year studies. Applicants holding a 13-year school-leaving qualification, IB Diploma, GCEAL/IAL, Associate Degree, Higher Diploma, Bachelor's degree study or equivalent qualifications: Admission to first-year studies OR Admission with Advanced Standing I. Application Procedures. Check Non-local Status. The University welcomes applications from non-local applicants. Local and non-local applicants are considered under different admissions routes. Check out Admission Requirements. To be eligible for consideration for admission, students must satisfy the General Entrance Requirements for Bachelor's degree studies. In addition to the General Entrance Requirements, individual degrees/majors may require specific subject backgrounds.