Skip to main content Denison University Home Close Menu About Denison + Academics + Admission & Aid + Campus Life + Career Exploration + News & Events + Arts Athletics & Recreation Alumni Parents & Families Support Denison Schedule A Visit Make a Gift Prefer browsing? Check out the A-Z directory Popular The Denison Commitment What We Can Be | The Denison Campaign AI + Denison King Center for Data & Innovation Business & Finance Employment Make a Payment Academic Calendar MyDenison Fast Facts Bookstore Your Most Viewed Search Prefer browsing? Check out the A-Z Directory Popular The Denison Commitment What We Can Be | The Denison Campaign AI + Denison King Center for Data & Innovation Business & Finance Employment Make a Payment Academic Calendar MyDenison Fast Facts Bookstore Your Most Viewed No Results Clear Back About Denison Denison University is a fully residential liberal arts college that delivers a life-shaping education focused on launching graduates quickly and successfully into lives and careers. Explore Granville & Columbus Fast Facts Our History President's Office Sustainability Back Academics Small class sizes. World-class faculty who know you by name. Our rigorous liberal arts education sets you up for life. Majors Courses Academic Calendar King Center for Data & Innovation AI + Denison Library Center for Global Programs Study Abroad Back Admission & Aid We are thrilled that you are considering Denison during your college search, and we look forward to getting to know more about you. Apply for Admission The Denison Commitment Apply for Financial Aid Visit Campus Virtual Tour Request Information Meet the Staff Back Campus Life Our students bring diverse talents, interests, backgrounds, and experiences to campus; see how Denison helps them make this college their own. Clubs & Organizations Housing Sustainability Wellness Center Back Career Exploration Denison's comprehensive, nationally recognized focus on careers is unmatched: 30+ dedicated career professionals, hundreds of employer partnerships, and 200+ programs - this is next-level career preparation. Career Center Coaching & Mentoring Internships & Experiences Consulting & Entrepreneurship Skills & Credentials Professional Residencies Connect with Talented Students Back News & Events Denison's latest news, stories, and upcoming events from all around the hill and beyond. Events & Athletics Schedule Academic Calendar Arts News Big Red Athletics Denison Magazine Video Series Latest University News Denison's momentum recognized in latest national rankings September 21, 2026 New Denison Commitment provides price transparency for families August 31, 2026 Denison University Home Map / Tour News Events Give Apply Search Menu Campus Admission & Financial Aid Apply International Applicants International Applicants Denison prides itself on offering a culturally diverse environment for its students. Navigate Admission & Financial Aid Menu Visit & Connect Visit & Connect Visiting is a great way to learn about campus, so you can see how special Denison is in person. Visit Virtual Connections Interview Opportunities Introduce Yourself & Request Information Destination: Denison School Counselors Apply Apply An overview of the application process, including a checklist and deadlines. Admission Application Info International Applicants Transfer to Denison Ohio Consortium for Transfer Pathways Arts Scholarship Applicants QuestBridge Partner Organizations Gap Year FAQ for Admission Affordability & Cost Affordability & Cost Denison is committed to making its exceptional education affordable for all students. The Denison Commitment Applying for Financial Aid International Applicant Financial Aid FAQ for Financial Aid Meet the Staff Meet the Staff Contact listings for the Office of Admission & Financial Aid at Denison University. Meet our Staff By Location Meet our Students Request Info Schedule a Visit Denison prides itself on offering a culturally diverse environment for its students. International students comprise 17% of our student body. Our strong academic reputation attracts talented students from nearly all U.S. states and more than 70 countries, so our students interact with people of many different faiths and cultural backgrounds. We Make It Easy! Our admission policies reflect our commitment to providing equal access to a phenomenal Denison education: Test-optional admission Denison applicants have not been required to submit ACT or SAT scores since 2008. If you choose to be a test-optional admission candidate, simply select that option on your application, and we will focus on all the other things that make you great. Denison's Test Optional Policy No fee to apply for admission Proof that the phrase "Nothing good in life is free" is pure fallacy. Put that money toward your phone bill or something much more fun than app fees. No supplemental essay required That's us helping you find time to rewatch a few episodes of The Office for the 100th time - or is that just us? Apply Now! International (anyone who is not a citizen or permanent resident of the United States) first-year students interested in Denison must submit an application through the Common Application or the Coalition Application. Don't stress, there is no difference in how we evaluate application types. Start your application International transfer students should complete the Transfer Common Application . Learn more about applying as a transfer applicant » Admission Rounds & Deadlines For first-year applicants, we have early decision and regular decision. Early Decision 1: November 15 Early Decision 2: January 15 Regular Decision: January 15 Transfer applicant? Deadlines are a little different. Learn More » Regardless of when an admission decision is released, all admission decisions become final and official on April 1. Any appeals must be submitted prior to April 1. What is Early Decision? Early decision is a great option for students who know Denison is their first choice college. It is binding, meaning that students admitted in an early decision round are committed to enroll at Denison and must withdraw any applications from other institutions. A higher percentage of students are admitted through our early decision rounds, and ED applicants typically receive their admission decisions within a few weeks after the application deadline, where RD students receive decisions by late-March. International Admission Application 101 In evaluating your application to Denison, we take a number of things into consideration about you as an individual. We are seeking students who have demonstrated a seriousness toward their academic life and who, in addition, would bring a variety of interests, characteristics, and personal qualities to our dynamic campus community. What We'll Need From You Common Application or Coalition Application (required): Once you submit your application, you will be emailed a confirmation that includes login information for your online portal (where you can keep track of your other application materials). A personal essay is included in this application. English Proficiency Demonstration (required): All international applicants must demonstrate adequate English proficiency to qualify for admission. Considerations include, but are not limited to, the following: English as the primary language of school instruction; English as the first/native language; TOEFL iBT; IELTS; Duolingo English Test (DET)+; SAT Reading; ACT English Language Arts; and an admission interview. English proficiency waivers are considered on a case-by-case basis after a student applies for admission. Denison University Certification of Finances (required): All international applicants are required to submit this form . Early Decision Agreement (only required for early decision applicants): This is a binding contract signed by you, a parent/guardian, and your high school counselor confirms as an early decision applicant that if admitted, you will enroll at Denison and withdraw any other applications. Interview (recommended): An interview is not required for admission consideration, but we do encourage applicants to complete one as an interview can provide a more personal element to your application. Interviews happen in a number of ways. Learn More » ACT/SAT Scores (optional): Denison is test-optional . Test scores can be submitted directly from a testing agency, through official high school transcripts, or test scores can be self-reported. Any test scores submitted will be superscored. Arts Supplement (optional): Students who have an interest in cinema, creative writing, dance, music, studio art, or theatre may submit supplementary arts materials for faculty evaluation. If submitted, students will be eligible to receive a departmental scholarship. This is done through the Denison Applicant Portal , which is available once the Common or Coalition Application has been submitted. Interview (recommended): While interviews are not required to be admitted, the majority of successful applicants complete an interview. If you are serious about Denison, we recommend sitting for an interview. Learn More What We'll Need from Others Counselor Recommendation & School Report (required): Your counselor will submit these directly to us. If you do not have a counselor at your school, you may ask a teacher or another school official to do so instead. High School Transcript (required): Your counselor must send us a copy of your official transcript. We will use this to recalculate your GPA and evaluate your academic performance and course selection. Teacher Evaluation (required): At least one teacher of a core course must submit a teacher evaluation form for you. You can invite your teachers to do this online, which is how they will submit the evaluation to us. Already submitted your application? Manage your application here. Related Links Transfer Applicants School Counselors Frequently Asked Questions Does Denison offer financial aid and scholarships to international students? Yes, Denison offers exactly the same need-based financial aid and merit-based scholarships to international students as it does to U.S. citizens and permanent residents, and Denison meets 100% of each student's demonstrated financial need. All international applicants are required to submit the Denison University Student Certification of Finances , regardless of whether or not they want to be considered for need-based financial aid. You may apply for need-based financial aid only during the admission process. International students who enroll at Denison without need-based financial aid cannot apply for funding in the future. Can I have a fee-waiver for the CSS Profile? We do not accept the CSS Profile for international applicants. Instead, we use our own form, the Denison Certification of Finances . The Certification of Finances is free to submit. What documents do I need to obtain for immigration purposes before leaving for Denison? Once you are admitted and choose to attend Denison, you will receive the I-20 Form needed to obtain your F1 visa (NOT a visitor visa). Please read the information on the form carefully. Along with your passport, the visa is needed to avoid immigration problems during your stay in the United States. What kind of support do international students receive? We have study abroad opportunities, faculty and staff who help students achieve their goals, and many different programs that focus on multicultural areas of study. Student Organizations Besides interacting with classmates from various backgrounds, international students can also join an array of student organizations, where they can embrace their individuality and get to know other students with similar interests. Throughout the year, we also offer numerous lectures, concerts, and events that introduce our community to new art forms, cultures, and ways of life. International Friendship Program Denison sponsors a non-residential host family program that brings international students together with local families. Host families give international students the opportunity to learn more about our culture, and they can introduce their students to the local community and off-campus life. In turn, local families are able to expand their own horizons through friendships with students from other countries. International students meet their host families upon arrival and occasionally throughout their time at Denison. While there are different levels of involvement that are agreed upon between students and host families, most host families meet their student during the orientation program and make a commitment to spend some time together during the year. For international students, the program is voluntary, so students requesting host families should be genuinely interested in learning more about family life in the United States and developing personal relationships beyond the college campus. International Student Services International Student Services offers students who have been educated abroad the tools, guidance, and instruction to engage and perform at their optimal level in the U.S. academic domain. ISS provides a pre-orientation program for entering students, one-on-one advising on the academic, social, and personal challenges associated with living and learning in an unfamiliar culture, and continuing education on the immigration regulations, requirements, and expectations pertinent to the non-immigrant student visa. Is there any organization on campus designed specifically to assist international students? Yes, we have the Denison International Students Association (DISA) . This very active group is run by students. The association frequently holds meetings to discuss general student concerns and to plan upcoming events such as holiday celebrations, retreats, International Week, and debates on international issues. How diverse is the student body at Denison? Denison students come from 73 countries and 17% of our students are international students. Related Stories Connecting Two Worlds Sueshin "Sarah" Moon '22 has made it her mission to enhance the Denison experience for her fellow international students. Alvaro Magaña '19 - a brand-new opportunity at L Brands International student Alvaro Magaña found success in the classroom - and a great career. "Richie Huang '13, Operations Program Manager at Apple" Contact information for international applicants internationaladmission@denison.edu +1 740-587-6276 Michelle Dunavant Director, International Admission dunavantm@denison.edu 740-587-5091 Territories: International (except Canada) All offers of admission are conditional based on Denison's Conditions of Admission policy . Denison University is committed to a policy of nondiscrimination in matters of admission, employment, and housing, and in access to and participation in its education programs, services, and activities. No person shall be discriminated against on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, religion, creed, or disability. More From Denison Academic Majors Academic Majors Living at Denison Living at Denison Study Abroad Study Abroad Career Exploration Career Exploration Quick Links Fast Facts Academic Calendar Academic Programs Library News & Events Admission Virtual Tour Visit Campus Apply for Admission Apply for Financial Aid International Applicants Transfer Applicants Request Information Trending The Denison Commitment Career Exploration King Center Business & Finance Eisner Center Make A Gift » Denison University Home 100 West College Street Granville, OH 43023 740-587-0810 Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Make a Payment Campus Map Shop MyDenison Employment Search Make a Payment Campus Map Shop MyDenison Employment Search Make A Gift » Denison University Home 100 West College Street Granville, OH 43023 740-587-0810 Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Footer Policy Links Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Report a Bug Title IX/Non-Discrimination Back to top Back to top