Skip to main content Denison University Home Close Menu About Denison + Academics + Admission & Aid + Campus Life + Career Exploration + News & Events + Arts Athletics & Recreation Alumni Parents & Families Support Denison Schedule A Visit Make a Gift Prefer browsing? Check out the A-Z directory Popular The Denison Commitment What We Can Be | The Denison Campaign AI + Denison King Center for Data & Innovation Business & Finance Employment Make a Payment Academic Calendar MyDenison Fast Facts Bookstore Your Most Viewed Search Prefer browsing? Check out the A-Z Directory Popular The Denison Commitment What We Can Be | The Denison Campaign AI + Denison King Center for Data & Innovation Business & Finance Employment Make a Payment Academic Calendar MyDenison Fast Facts Bookstore Your Most Viewed No Results Clear Back About Denison Denison University is a fully residential liberal arts college that delivers a life-shaping education focused on launching graduates quickly and successfully into lives and careers. Explore Granville & Columbus Fast Facts Our History President's Office Sustainability Back Academics Small class sizes. World-class faculty who know you by name. Our rigorous liberal arts education sets you up for life. Majors Courses Academic Calendar King Center for Data & Innovation AI + Denison Library Center for Global Programs Study Abroad Back Admission & Aid We are thrilled that you are considering Denison during your college search, and we look forward to getting to know more about you. Apply for Admission The Denison Commitment Apply for Financial Aid Visit Campus Virtual Tour Request Information Meet the Staff Back Campus Life Our students bring diverse talents, interests, backgrounds, and experiences to campus; see how Denison helps them make this college their own. Clubs & Organizations Housing Sustainability Wellness Center Back Career Exploration Denison's comprehensive, nationally recognized focus on careers is unmatched: 30+ dedicated career professionals, hundreds of employer partnerships, and 200+ programs - this is next-level career preparation. Career Center Coaching & Mentoring Internships & Experiences Consulting & Entrepreneurship Skills & Credentials Professional Residencies Connect with Talented Students Back News & Events Denison's latest news, stories, and upcoming events from all around the hill and beyond. Events & Athletics Schedule Academic Calendar Arts News Big Red Athletics Denison Magazine Video Series Latest University News Denison's momentum recognized in latest national rankings September 21, 2026 New Denison Commitment provides price transparency for families August 31, 2026 Denison University Home Map / Tour News Events Give Apply Search Menu Campus Admission & Financial Aid Affordability & Cost International Applicant Financial Aid International Applicant Financial Aid Denison is committed to making its exceptional education affordable for all admitted students. Navigate Admission & Financial Aid Menu Visit & Connect Visit & Connect Visiting is a great way to learn about campus, so you can see how special Denison is in person. Visit Virtual Connections Interview Opportunities Introduce Yourself & Request Information Destination: Denison School Counselors Apply Apply An overview of the application process, including a checklist and deadlines. Admission Application Info International Applicants Transfer to Denison Ohio Consortium for Transfer Pathways Arts Scholarship Applicants QuestBridge Partner Organizations Gap Year FAQ for Admission Affordability & Cost Affordability & Cost Denison is committed to making its exceptional education affordable for all students. The Denison Commitment Applying for Financial Aid International Applicant Financial Aid FAQ for Financial Aid Meet the Staff Meet the Staff Contact listings for the Office of Admission & Financial Aid at Denison University. Meet our Staff By Location Meet our Students Request Info Schedule a Visit We meet 100% of all demonstrated need Denison works to be affordable for all students. Use a financial aid calculator Denison is committed to making its exceptional education affordable for all admitted students by meeting 100% of each student's demonstrated financial need, and international students are eligible for the same institutional need-based financial aid and merit-based scholarships as domestic students. Each year, thanks to loyal and generous alumni donations, Denison awards millions of dollars in need-based financial aid and merit-based scholarships to its students. Be in touch-we're here to help anytime! Applying for Financial Aid We know that the college admission and financial aid application processes can be daunting, but we are committed to make this process as easy (and painless) as possible. Simply follow the 2 steps below and know that we are here to help you along the way! Step 1: Check the box! When you apply for admission to Denison, check the box that says that you intend to apply for financial aid on the admission application. Step 2: Submit the Denison Student Certification of Finances The Denison Certification of Finances (COF) does not require an application fee and is made available on October 1 for the upcoming academic year. The Denison COF only needs to be completed once: at the time of applying to Denison. The Denison COF should be uploaded to your student portal. You will have access to your student portal as soon as you submit your Common Application or Coalition Application to Denison. Financial Aid Deadlines Prospective Students The deadlines for financial aid are the same as admission application deadlines. Students applying for financial aid must complete their Denison Certification of Finances by the following dates: Early Decision 1: November 15 Early Decision 2: January 15 Regular Decision: January 15 Returning Students Returning student financial aid packages are automatically reviewed and completed. Nothing is required of the student. Returning students can expect their merit scholarship to remain unchanged. If there are changes to a student's aid package, those changes will be communicated via email. Types of Financial Aid Scholarships (merit-based) All students who submit an application for admission are considered for merit-based scholarships, which range from $5,000 per year to full tuition. Scholarships are awarded at the time of admission. Review our comprehensive list of merit scholarships » Financial Aid (need-based) You've read it on this page 3 times already, but Denison meets 100% of demonstrated financial need! We are committed to making Denison affordable for ALL of our students. Denison will determine your financial need from the Denison Certification of Finances . At Denison, need-based aid is offered through a variety of grants and students have the opportunity to work while they are on campus. Learn more about types of need-based aid . Please keep in mind that applicants who do not apply for need-based financial aid during the admission process will not be able to apply for need-based financial aid later. Award Letters An award letter, containing information about scholarships, grants, and working on campus, will be made available in the student's applicant portal. Returning students are notified via email that their award details for the next academic year are available in their MyFinancialAid portals through MyDenison . These notifications start in April. More Information about Award Letters & Next Steps Still have questions? Does Denison provide fee waivers for the CSS Profile? Denison does not require, or accept, the CSS Profile for international students. Denison requires the Denison Certification of Finances from all international applicants, which is free to submit. How do I submit the Denison Student Certification of Finances? Once you submit your application to Denison, we will send you a confirmation email that includes log-in information for your student portal. Here, you'll be able to upload your completed Certification of Finances. Is Denison need-aware for international students? Denison is need-aware in the application process as this allows us to meet 100% of demonstrated need for all admitted students. What is included in Denison's financial aid packages? Denison meets full financial need for all of our students. In addition, Denison's tuition, housing, and food costs do not include other expenses, like books, transportation, health insurance, incidental expenses, or any other charges that you could accrue throughout your program. Check out our General Financial Aid FAQ Contact information for international applicants: Email: internationaladmission@denison.edu Telephone: +1 740-587-6276 And continue to learn more about financial aid by visiting Your Finances . More From Denison Academic Majors Academic Majors Living at Denison Living at Denison Study Abroad Study Abroad Career Exploration Career Exploration Quick Links Fast Facts Academic Calendar Academic Programs Library News & Events Admission Virtual Tour Visit Campus Apply for Admission Apply for Financial Aid International Applicants Transfer Applicants Request Information Trending The Denison Commitment Career Exploration King Center Business & Finance Eisner Center Make A Gift » Denison University Home 100 West College Street Granville, OH 43023 740-587-0810 Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Make a Payment Campus Map Shop MyDenison Employment Search Make a Payment Campus Map Shop MyDenison Employment Search Make A Gift » Denison University Home 100 West College Street Granville, OH 43023 740-587-0810 Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Footer Policy Links Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Report a Bug Title IX/Non-Discrimination Back to top Back to top