Skip to main content Main navigation ABOUT About Sabancı University Facts and Figures Erasmus Policy Statement Who We Are Contact Us At first glance Academic Calendar News & Events Photo Gallery Social Media international Networks University Rankings UNDERGRADUATE All Bachelor's Programs How to Apply Application Requirements Required Exam/Diploma List Scholarships Tuition Fee Frequently Asked Questions Freedom to Declare Major Double Major and Minor Programs Exemption from Foundation Development Year Ask Us GRADUATE All Graduate Programs Graduate Scholarship EXCHANGE Exchange Programs OUTGOING INCOMING BLENDED INTENSIVE PROGRAM PARTNERSHIP Partnership Search Joint Degree Programs Venice International University International Networks Apply Undergrad Apply Grad EN TR Search Home UNDERGRADUATE Application Requirements Application Requirements 2026-2027 Academic Year Application Conditions to Undergraduate Programs for International Students In order to apply as an international undergraduate student, first of all, the requirements stated below within the scope of the Turkish Higher Education Consulate legislation must be met, and an online application must be submitted in accordance with the application conditions determined by Sabancı University for the relevant year. 1. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS According to the latest announcement made by the Council of Higher Education (YÖK), applicants must meet the following conditions for the 2026 international student admission quotas: a) provided that they are in their final year of high school or have already graduated; 1) International students provided that they are not currently enrolled in or graduates of secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye (except who enroll Embassy Schools and International Private Education Institutions in the MOBIS system and who has been brought to our country within the framework of the project conducted by the Ministry of National Education) ), 2) Those holding Turkish citizenship by birth who renounced their Turkish citizenship, and their children under 18 who are listed in the renouncement document but documenting their certification for rights mentioned in the Turkish Citizenship Law (provided that they are not currently enrolled in or graduates of secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye or the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus). (Article 7 of the Turkish Citizenship Law No. 5901 states that "(1) A child born within or outside Türkiye to a Turkish citizen mother or father within the bond of marriage is a Turkish citizen." Applicants who intend to apply under the international student admission quotas are advised to review the Turkish Citizenship Law.) 3) Those who hold citizenship of other countries by birth and have gained citizenship of The Republic of Turkey, / those who hold dual-citizenship (provided that they are not currently enrolled in or graduates of secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye or the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.) 4) Those who hold the citizenship of The Republic of Turkey and have completed their entire high school education in another country except The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (Including those who have completed their entire high school education in a Turkish high school opened in another country, except ones in The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, within the scope of MEB.) 5) Those who hold the citizenship of The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, who reside in The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and who have completed their secondary education in a GCE AL system, as well as those who have registered and completed their secondary education in a GCE AL system abroad between 2005-2010. Applicants having below conditions cannot apply: 1) Who hold the citizenship of The Republic of Turkey, and have completed their secondary education in Turkey or in The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, 2) The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus nationals (excluding those who completed their entire secondary education (high school) in The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus high schools and hold GCE AL results; those who enrolled in and received education at colleges or high schools in other countries between 2005 and 2010 and who hold or will hold GCE AL examination results; or The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus nationals who completed their entire secondary education (high school) in a foreign country and hold TR-YÖS results). 3) Dual nationals whose first nationality by birth is the Republic of Türkiye, as defined in subparagraph (2) of clause (a) (excluding those who meet the conditions specified in subparagraph (4) of clause (a)). 4) Dual nationals whose one nationality is the The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (excluding those who completed their entire secondary education (high school) in The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus high schools and hold GCE AL results; those who enrolled in and received education at colleges or high schools in other countries between 2005 and 2010 and who hold or will hold GCE AL examination results; or those who are The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus nationals who completed their entire secondary education (high school) in a foreign country and hold TR-YÖS results). 5) Those who hold citizenship of The Republic of Turkey or dual citizenship, one of which is the citizenship of The Republic of Turkey by birth, as stated in article A item.2 above, and who have completed their secondary education at institutions within an embassy or in other foreign institutions in Turkey. 6) a) The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus citizens and those who have renounced Turkish citizenship / Blue Card holders who are currently enrolled in or are graduates of secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye or the The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus b) International students who are currently enrolled in or have graduated from secondary education (high school) institutions in Türkiye (excluding embassy schools, international private education institutions listed in the MOBİS system, and foreign nationals brought to Türkiye within the framework of projects conducted by the Ministry of National Education). 2. ADMISSION Applications are submitted online. Within the online application system, applicants must complete the application form and upload the required documents. Application Dates December 15, 2025-August 28, 2026 (Online application form will be closed at 16:00 Turkish time.) Applications must be submitted by uploading all required documents to the online application form between the application dates stated above. Before Application Before starting to fill out the application form, the required documents must be prepared and kept in scanned format on a computer for uploading to the system. If all mandatory fields are not completed and all required documents are not uploaded, it will not be possible to submit the application form through the system. Application Documents The copy of one of the exam/diploma result(s) with a valid score accepted by Sabancı University If graduated, High School Diploma (if in another language other than Turkish or English, notarized translation should also be submitted) An official transcript approved by the high school administration, showing all courses taken during high school education and the grades received for these courses (applications without an official transcrip t will not be evaluated ). If taken before, a language proficiency exam score accepted by Sabancı University If the applicant had/continues to have secondary education in Turkey, the following documents are required: a) Residence Permit Copy for those with foreign nationality b) Blue Card Copy or Official Letter for Renouncement from Turkish Nationality for those who renounced Turkish citizenship c) Residence Permit Copy or an official document that shows the date of acquisition of Turkish citizenship (such as Vukuatlı Nüfus Kayıt Örneği or court decision) for those who acquire Turkish citizenship not by birth Turkish citizens or who hold dual citizenship, one of which is citizenship of The Republic of Turkey, who have studied / have been studying outside of Turkey are required to send yurda giriş-çıkış belgesi from e-devlet and passport pages, which proves that they have their secondary school education as formal (not distance education). Acceptable Exams/Diplomas Candidates should submit one of the exams/diplomas with valid score accepted by the University and enter their exam or diploma information and the score correctly on the online application form. Applications without one of the accepted exams/diplomas with valid score are not evaluated. CLICK for the exams & diplomas and the required minimum scores valid for an application to Sabancı University. Application Fee Payment & Payment Methods After filling out and submitting the online application form, the applicants are directed to the online application fee payment page. A 30 USD application fee needs to be paid in order for the application to be valid and evaluated. You can quickly pay with your Visa or Mastercard credit card from the application fee payment page.The application fee is paid only once for the relevant academic year. Payment is due after you submit your application. Applications without an application fee will not be valid and will not be evaluated. We do not accept cash or paper checks, and all application fees must be submitted online. The application fee is not refundable under any circumstances. After the application is uploaded to the system and the application fee is paid, evaluations will be carried out and applicants will be contacted. F. Quotas Applications can be made by choosing any of the following 3 programs within the specified quotas:. Sabancı University students who complete the common program successfully declare the major from which they would like to graduate in accordance with the conditions determined by the University. Please click for detailed information about the interdisciplinary education system offered by our University. Also, please note that, due to the quota, applying for programs from different faculties will increase your chance of admission. Program GroupsQuota* Engineering and Natural Sciences Programs 160 Arts and Social Sciences Programs 120 Management Programs 120 *The quotas stated in the table are subject to change in reference to the decisions of Turkish Higher Education Council. G. Required Documents for Application 1. For Online Application Fee Payment and Application Form, please CLICK HERE !!! Please make sure you fulfill the application requirements before starting the application process, and keep in mind that the application fee is non-refundable. We would like you to know that you can continue the application process by logging into the application system at any later date. 2. The copy of one of the exam/diploma result(s) with a valid score accepted by Sabancı University Applications, where any of the accepted exams or diplomas are not submitted with a valid score, will not be evaluated. 3. If graduated, High School Diploma (if in another language other than Turkish or English, notarized translation should also be submitted) 4. Official transcript, showing all courses and grades taken in the entire high school education, approved by the high school authority. Applications without an official transcript are not taken into consideration. Uploaded transcripts that are without a wet signature and stamp or without an e-signature, which can be verified online, will not be taken into consideration. 5. If taken before, a language proficiency exam score accepted by Sabancı University 6. If the applicant had/continues to have secondary education in Turkey, the following documents are required: a) Residence Permit Copy for those with foreign nationality b) Blue Card Copy or Official Letter for Renouncement from Turkish Nationality for those who renounced Turkish citizenship c) Residence Permit Copy or an official document that shows the date of acquisition of Turkish citizenship (such as Vukuatlı Nüfus Kayıt Örneği or court decision) for those who acquire Turkish citizenship not by birth 7 . Turkish citizens or who hold dual citizenship, one of which is citizenship of The Republic of Turkey, who have studied / have been studying outside of Turkey are required to send yurda giriş-çıkış belgesi from e-devlet and passport pages, which proves that they have their secondary school education as formal (not distance education). 3. QUOTAS At our University, preferences for students who wish to pursue their studies are made based on "program groups" within faculties rather than individual "departments." Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences: Industrial Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering, Molecular Biology, Genetics and Bioengineering, Materials Science and Nanoengineering, Mechatronics Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Data Science and Analytics Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences: Psychology, Economics, Political Science and International Relations, Visual Arts and Visual Communication Design Faculty of Management Sciences: Management Sciences During the first two years, all students have the opportunity to become thoroughly familiar with all undergraduate programs by taking courses from different disciplines. By the end of the first or second year, without being subject to any additional examinations, students continue their undergraduate education by choosing from among 12 programs. Within the announced quotas, applications may be submitted by selecting one or more of the three program groups listed above. For detailed information about the interdisciplinary education system, applicants will be directed to the "Freedom to Choose Programs" page on the Sabancı University website. Applying to programs from different faculties increases the likelihood of admission within the available quotas. Program Groups Quota* Engineering and Natural Sciences Programs 160 Arts and Social Sciences Programs 120 Management Programs 120 *The quotas stated in the table are subject to change in reference to the decisions of Turkish Higher Education Council. 4. ASSESSMENT OF THE RESULTS The application documents of candidates are evaluated by the relevant Sabancı University International Relations Office. Applicants are informed about the evaluation process via email within 2-3 weeks following their online application. During this period, applicants should not send emails to the University regarding the evaluation results. 5. SCHOLARSHIP Scholarship evaluation is made based on applicants' academic success, extracurricular activities, and scholarship quota. Please click for detailed information. You may contact the International Office via ug-admissions@sabanciuniv.edu with any questions about scholarship applications or the University. 6. APPLICATION SYSTEM Click here to apply online. 7. REGISTRATION A. General Information and Required Documents Students who are accepted to Sabancı University and are eligible to enroll must complete the two-stage registration process within the dates announced in the Academic Calendar by submitting the following documents. Those, who do not submit all required documents on registration dates, lose their enrollment right. I. First Stage : All documents must be uploaded online through the online registration system and the necessary forms must be filled in during the registration dates. II. Second Stage : The original or notarized wet-signed and stamped version of all documents must be submitted to the Student Resources Directorate in person on the relevant dates. Your original documents will be given back to you after reviewing them and receiving copies; therefore, you must bring copies of your original documents along with you during registration dates. 1. Original Test Score/Diploma or its Notarized Copy (SAT, GCE, ACT, etc.). High school diploma should be submitted together with the Original Test Score. SAT must be sent to the University via Collegeboard with the institution code 7100 2. The original of high school diploma or its notarized copy (if in another language other than Turkish or English, notarized translation should also be submitted) 3. High School Diploma Equivalency Certificate from the Turkish Ministry of Education or the Education Attache at the Turkish Embassy 4. Original Transcript or its notarized copy (if in another language other than Turkish or English, notarized translation should also be submitted) 5. Applicant's passport page which contains the photo (Those who can bring their passport to the SR office during university enrollment dates may upload the photocopies. Otherwise attested by the notary or consulate as "true copy" is needed.) 6. Copy of the visa page of the passport with the stamp indicating the entrance of Turkey 7. Both sided copy of the Residence Permit, if taken before (obtained from Immigration Office) 8. 1 passport size (4.5 x 6 cm) photos (it must be uploaded to online registration system only) 9. Copy of the language proficiency certificate for the students who would like to be exempted from Foundation Development Year (it should be sent to Student Resources via email before the university registration dates and should be uploaded to the online registration form during registration). 10. Notarized Parental Consent Letter for students under the age of 18 taken from both of the parents, stating that their legal guardian "allows them to enroll and study at Sabancı University." It must be uploaded to the online registration system and stamped version with wet signature must be handed in person.) *If you are under the age of 18 and both parents can be physically present during university enrollment, there is no need to provide a Notarized Consent Form. Instead, your parents will provide a written authorization letter. 11. Student Information Form: This online form should be completed by filling out all parts. To be able to fill out the form, it is necessary to create a Sabancı University account. Steps for creating the account will be sent to the students via e-mail before registration. Note: Additional documents may be requested by the University in addition to the above-mentioned documents. B. Address and Contact Information Address: Sabancı University International Relations Office Orta Mahalle, Üniversite Cd No: 27, Tuzla, 34956 Istanbul, Turkiye Phone : +90 (216) 483 91 00 Email : ug-admissions@sabanciuniv.edu Got questions? Enter your information in the fields on the contact form. Double check that you've entered your correct email address. We'll respond as soon as possible. Go to contact form Quick Links Applicant help and support Programs offered Scholarships Testimonials How to apply Application FAQ Get in Touch Ask us Team Contact us Campus Map Virtual tour Campus Life About SU Rankings International Networks SU in numbers Ask US field_prg_block_content Search Search © Sabancı Üniversitesi. Orta Mahalle, 34956 Tuzla, İstanbul, Türkiye