Skip to main content Main navigation ABOUT About Sabancı University Facts and Figures Erasmus Policy Statement Who We Are Contact Us At first glance Academic Calendar News & Events Photo Gallery Social Media international Networks University Rankings UNDERGRADUATE All Bachelor's Programs How to Apply Application Requirements Required Exam/Diploma List Scholarships Tuition Fee Frequently Asked Questions Freedom to Declare Major Double Major and Minor Programs Exemption from Foundation Development Year Ask Us GRADUATE All Graduate Programs Graduate Scholarship EXCHANGE Exchange Programs OUTGOING INCOMING BLENDED INTENSIVE PROGRAM PARTNERSHIP Partnership Search Joint Degree Programs Venice International University International Networks Apply Undergrad Apply Grad EN TR Search Home UNDERGRADUATE Scholarships Scholarships Scholarships for International Students at Sabancı University International students have the opportunity to receive admission scholarships at Sabancı University. All international applicants who meet the application requirements are automatically considered for a scholarship. However, it's important to note that the number of scholarships available at all levels is limited, and the competition is very keen. Therefore, achieving a certain score does not guarantee a specific scholarship level. When filling out the application form, you have the option to indicate that you would like to be considered for a scholarship. Yet, keep in mind that all applicants are automatically evaluated for scholarship even if they do not fill this section. Additionally, there is an opportunity for students to request scholarships after completing at least two semesters at Sabancı University with outstanding academic performance. More information on these in-study scholarships is available, here . What is considered for scholarship evaluation? The Scholarship Committee takes several factors into account when reviewing scholarship eligibility: • Academic background • Reference letters • Exam results • Transcripts • Interview results • Documents showcasing academic achievements, such as awards in competitions or Olympiad certificates Therefore, it's crucial to upload all relevant documents that demonstrate your academic success. The Scholarship Committee may also request additional documents or information from prospective students if needed. Once awarded, the scholarship remains valid for the duration of your regular education period at Sabancı University. Early Applicants Have a Better Chance! Early applicants receive priority consideration by the Scholarship Committee, increasing their chances of being awarded a scholarship. For more details on application deadlines, please refer to the Application Deadlines section. Apply Now STATE SCHOLARSHIPS Below is a detailed overview of the state scholarships available for students from these countries: Azerbaijan Government Scholarship Sabancı University is one of Turkish universities which the students can study with Azerbaijan Government scholarships. For more information and available programs please click the link below: https://www.dp.edu.az/az/index Iraq Government Scholarships Sabancı University is one of Turkish universities which the students can study with Iraqi Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Researches scholarships. Students from Iraq can apply to Sabancı undergraduate and graduate programs with Iraqi Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Researches scholarships. Accredited Turkish Universities in Iraq Iraqi Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Researches Iraqi Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Researches - Department of Missions and Cultural Relations Iraqi Cultural Attaché - Ankara, Turkey Oman MOHE Scholarships Sabancı University is one of few universities in Turkey which the students can study with Omani Ministry of Higher Education scholarship. Students from Oman can apply to Sabancı undergraduate and graduate programs with Omani Ministry of Higher Education scholarship. You can find the detailed information below which kind of Omani Ministry of Higher Education scholarship is suitable for you. Accredited Universities in Oman Admission Requirements Libya Government Scholarships Sabancı University is one of Turkish universities which the students can study with Libyan Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Researches scholarships. Students from Libya can apply to Sabancı undergraduate and graduate programs with Libyan Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Researches scholarships. Libyan Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Researches Pakistan HEC Scholarships Sabancı University is one of few universities which you can study with Pakistan HEC scholarship. Students from Pakistan can apply to Sabancı graduate programs with overseas scholarship or HRDI-UESTPs/ UETs Project scholarships.You can find the detailed information below which kind of HEC scholarship is suitable for you. 1. Overseas Scholarships Students 2. HRDI-UESTPs/UETs Project Students Qatar Government Scholarships Sabancı University is one of Turkish universities which the students can study with Supreme Education Council of Qatar scholarships. Students from Qatar can apply to Sabancı undergraduate and graduate programs with Supreme Education Council of Qatar scholarships. Supreme Education Council of Qatar Quick Links Applicant help and support Programs offered Scholarships Testimonials How to apply Application FAQ Get in Touch Ask us Team Contact us Campus Map Virtual tour Campus Life About SU Rankings International Networks SU in numbers field_prg_block_content Search Search Ask US © Sabancı Üniversitesi. Orta Mahalle, 34956 Tuzla, İstanbul, Türkiye