Toggle notification Toggle search Toggle menu About Us Back Back About Us The Chancellery Back The Chancellery President Tharman Shanmugaratnam Mr S. Chandra Das Ms Jennie Chua Dr Chua Thian Poh Prof Yaacob bin Ibrahim Board of Trustees University Leadership Provost Office's Appointment Holders Our History Facts & Figures Back Facts & Figures University Rankings (World / Asia) NTU at a Glance Enrolment by College Research Grants / Revenue Faculty and Staff Population Undergraduate Population Graduate Student Population Graduate Output - First Degree & Higher Degree Careers Annual Reports Global Back Global Networks & Alliances Global Partnerships For Students Visit Us Sustainability Back Sustainability Our Commitment Back Our Commitment Governance Social Impact Sustainability Education Back Sustainability Education Undergraduate Programmes Postgraduate Programmes Continuing Education CIFAL Sustainability Research Green Campus Back Green Campus Sustainable Campus and Infrastructure Living Labs Student Groups News and Publications About Us Back About Us Meet Our Team Giving to NTU For Investors NTU2030 Visiting NTU Back Visiting NTU Campus Bus Shuttle Barrier-Free Smart Car Park System Car Park Information Services Back Services Electric Vehicle (EV) Charging NETS Top-up Machines Car-sharing NTU Campus Magazine - HEY! Admissions Back Back Admissions Undergraduate Back Undergraduate Admission Guide Back Admission Guide Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level Diploma awarded by a Polytechnic or equivalent institution in Singapore International Baccalaureate Diploma NUS High School Diploma International Qualifications Part Time Programmes Adult Learners Scheme Aptitude-Based Admissions Transfer Applicants Scholarships and Awards Back Scholarships and Awards FAQs on scholarships Financial Matters Back Financial Matters Tuition Fees Tuition Grants Miscellaneous Fees Financial Aid Brochures Indicative Grade Profile (IGP) For Returning NSmen Contact Us Freshmen Portal Graduate Back Graduate Research Programmes Admission Guide Coursework Programmes Admission Guide Graduate Programmes (Coursework) Back Graduate Programmes (Coursework) NTU Masters Insight Articles Joint-Graduate Programmes Incoming Graduate Student Guide Financial Matters Back Financial Matters Scholarships Tuition Fees Service Obligation Financial Aid NTU Post-graduate Incentives Brochures Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Continuing Education & Training Education Back Back Education Colleges and Schools Back Colleges and Schools College of Business (Nanyang Business School) College of Computing and Data Science College of Engineering Back College of Engineering School of Chemistry, Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology (CCEB) School of Civil and Environmental Engineering (CEE) School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering (EEE) School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering (MAE) School of Materials Science and Engineering (MSE) College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences Back College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences School of Art, Design and Media (ADM) School of Humanities (SOH) School of Social Sciences (SSS) Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information (WKWSCI) Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine College of Science Back College of Science School of Chemistry, Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology (CCEB) School of Biological Sciences (SBS) School of Physical and Mathematical Sciences (SPMS) The Asian School of the Environment (ASE) NTU Honours College National Institute of Education S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies Degree Programmes Pedagogical Excellence Back Pedagogical Excellence Interdisciplinary Collaborative Core Back Interdisciplinary Collaborative Core About ICC Office Courses Frequently Asked Questions Awards & Achievements In the News ICC Excellence Awards Student Awards Experiential & Collaborative Learning (ECL) Back Experiential & Collaborative Learning (ECL) ECL in the Curricular Space ECL in the Co-Curricular Space Fusing the Curricular & Co-Curricular Spaces Deeper Experiential Engagement Project (DEEP) Office of Education Transformation (OET) Back Office of Education Transformation (OET) OET Key Projects OET Data Infrastructure OET Publications OET Team Centre for Teaching, Learning & Pedagogy (CTLP) Back Centre for Teaching, Learning & Pedagogy (CTLP) About CTLP Teaching & Learning Matters Education Research & Grants Events & Faculty Engagement Development Programmes & Pathways Other Resources Teaching Excellence Academy (TEA) Back Teaching Excellence Academy (TEA) About the Academy Nanyang Education Award Recipients Academy Fellows TEA Governance, Events & Initiatives NEA Overview & Nomination Process Career Guidance, Jobs and Internships Back Career Guidance, Jobs and Internships For Students Back For Students Career Coaching & Consultation Career Planning Tools Industry Exposure & Internships Job Opportunities & Fairs Skills Development For Employers Back For Employers Nurture Future Talent at NTU Recruit NTU Students for Jobs Hire NTU Students as Interns For Alumni and Mentors Back For Alumni and Mentors Share through Mentorship Global Education Back Global Education Exchange Programmes Back Exchange Programmes GEM Explorer (Semester Exchange) GEM Trailblazer (Semester Exchange) Short-Term Programmes Back Short-Term Programmes GEM Discoverer (Short-Term Programmes) GEM Trailblazer Summer (Short-term Programme) GEM Discoverer ASEAN Summer (Short-term Programme) Virtual Education Back Virtual Education GEM VEnturer (Virtual Education) Visiting & Research Opportunities Back Visiting & Research Opportunities Visiting Research Students (Non-Graduating Non-Exchange) NTU Welcomes Indonesian International Student Mobility Awardees Important Information Back Important Information Travel Safety and Security Contact Us NTU Opportunity Grant (NOG) Accessible Education Support Back Accessible Education Support Academic Support Non-Academic Services Special Educational Needs (SEN) Funding Support Talent Outreach (Pre-Uni) Back Talent Outreach (Pre-Uni) Bridging@NTU H3 Science Research H3 Taught Module Nanyang Research Programme (NRP) Nanyang Research Programme Junior Researcher (NRPjr) seeNTU NTU Library Academic Services Back Academic Services Graduation Matters Certification Letters Transcripts Verification of Degrees Mailing of Degree Certificates Replacement of Degree Certificate OpenCerts Digital Certificates and Transcripts Research Back Back Research Research Focus Research Institutes and Centres Industry Collaborations Research Hub Integrity & Ethics Research Careers Innovation Back Back Innovation NTU Tech Portal Programmes Grants and Funding News and Events Resources Back Resources Playbooks and Guides Facilities and Spaces NTU Founder's Pledge Contact Us Life at NTU Back Back Life at NTU Accommodation Back Accommodation Undergraduate Housing Back Undergraduate Housing How to apply Moving In Contact Us Graduate Housing Back Graduate Housing Contact Us Hall Facilities Frequently Asked Questions Residential Mentors Faculty-in-Residence Faculty Housing Back Faculty Housing Campus Living Contact Us Nanyang Executive Centre Alternative Housing Options Internet, Account and Policy Back Internet, Account and Policy Contact Service Desk Student Life Back Student Life Academic and Career Development Back Academic and Career Development Work Study Scheme Student Talent Development Programme (STDP) Student Awards Personal Development and Leadership Back Personal Development and Leadership Student Leadership Development Student Conduct Campus Life and Wellbeing Back Campus Life and Wellbeing Residential Education NTU Wellbeing The Reading Corner Student Activities and Engagement Back Student Activities and Engagement Clubs & Societies Sports Community Engagement Inclusion and Integration Student Services Back Student Services One Stop @ SAC Leisure & Dining Back Leisure & Dining Campus Clubhouse Leasing Opportunities F&B, Retail & Services NTU@one-north Back NTU@one-north Executive Centre Recreational Spaces & Facilities Back Recreational Spaces & Facilities Yunnan Corner Global Lounge Nanyang House Student Activities Centre Sports & Recreation Centre Back Sports & Recreation Centre Operating Hours, Eligibility & Usage Lockers Group Booking of Facilities Contact Us Type of Sports Facilities Nanyang Auditorium Back Nanyang Auditorium Terms & Conditions Rates Floor Plans Fact Sheet Health and Safety Back Health and Safety Services Back Services Health Care - Clinical Services and Insurance NTU Safety & Health Management System (SHMS) Standard for Schools, Departments and Centres Culture Safe Insights @ NTU Programmes and Services NTU Safety and Health Training Framework Policies Back Policies NTU Safety & Health Policy Prohibition of Smoking, Specified Tobacco Products and Vaporisers Policy Resources / Helplines Events Back Events Safety Events Collaborations and Visits 13th Asian Conference on Safety & Education in Laboratory (ACSEL) The Singapore WSH Conference 2026 A Practical Guide to Managing Chronic Diseases Awards and Accolades Career Opportunities Annual NTU Safety & Health Reports AI-Enabled University Safety & Health Programmes NTU Sports Safety Programme MRT Construction on Campus Back MRT Construction on Campus Latest Updates MRT Stations & Work Sites at NTU FAQs Feedback Museum Back Museum Exhibitions Collection Back Collection All Artworks INDEX Collection News Campus Art Trail West Side Art Tour Free Digital Guide NTU Campus Reimagined Alumni Search Corporate NTU Admissions Admissions About Us Education Research Innovation Life at NTU Alumni Undergraduate Undergraduate Graduate Continuing Education & Training Admission Guide Admission Guide Scholarships and Awards Financial Matters Brochures Indicative Grade Profile (IGP) For Returning NSmen Contact Us Freshmen Portal International Qualifications International Qualifications Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level Diploma awarded by a Polytechnic or equivalent institution in Singapore International Baccalaureate Diploma NUS High School Diploma Part Time Programmes Adult Learners Scheme Aptitude-Based Admissions Transfer Applicants Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level Diploma awarded by a Polytechnic or equivalent institution in Singapore International Baccalaureate Diploma NUS High School Diploma International Qualifications Part Time Programmes Adult Learners Scheme Aptitude-Based Admissions Transfer Applicants International Qualifications Financial Matters Scholarship for Freshmen Indicative Student Intake Announcements AN AFTERNOON WITH NTU VIA ZOOM ON 19 SEPT 2026, 1pm to 5pm Office of Admissions is holding a special event on undergraduate admissions -Discover NTU via zoom. You will hear from our various faculty and admissions staff on NTU's admissions pathways, scholarships, curriculum of the programmes offered, etc and get your burning questions answered. Date : 19 Sept 2026, Saturday Time : 1pm to 5pm ( Singapore time) Registration Update: Registration is currently open only for the College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences session. Register here now! Due to overwhelming demand, all other sessions are now at full capacity and closed. If you missed out, stay tuned for more admissions webinars scheduled between January and February 2027! We look forward to connecting with you then. There is only one intake per academic year here, typically term commences in late July. You must have completed or will be taking High School national examinations in the year of application in order to be considered for admission. All Singapore Citizen and Permanent Resident applicants must be at least 18 years of age as of 1st January of the year of matriculation or have completed a minimum of 12 years of formal education beginning with Primary 1 or equivalent. If you do not meet the requirements, you will need to provide your schooling history from Primary 1 in the form enclosed and upload it to your application for assessment of your eligibility for admission after you have applied for admission. Submission of IELTS (a minimum Overall 6, writing 6, speaking 6) or TOEFL (a minimum of 90, verbal 25) [taken before 2026];-a minimum Overall score of 4.5, speaking 4.5 [TOEFL iBT taken from January 2026 onwards] or SAT (a minimum of 1250 for SAT taken for March 2016 onwards) or Pearson Test of English Academic (PTE Academic) (a minimum of overall 55,speaking 55) or ACT with Writing (a minimum of composite score of 30 in ACT with Writing in one sitting) or AST English score or C1 Advanced [formerly known as Cambridge English Advanced (CAE)- a minimum of Overall 170, writing 170, speaking 170) ] are only compulsory for applicants with PRC Gao Kao qualification (i.e. applicants who will be taking Gao Kao in June 2026 and those who have already taken Gao Kao) OR with Taiwan General Scholastic Ability Test (GSAT) qualification OR with South Korean College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT)/High School Diploma (Ilbankye Kodung Hakkyo) qualification OR with Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE) OR with Vietnam High School Graduation Certificate OR with Thailand Mathayom 6 OR with Indonesian Ijazah SMA OR who do not take up English language in Junior and Senior High School or taken English language only as a 2nd language. For IELTS, TOEFL and PTE Academic, only scores obtained in the 2 years leading up to the application deadline will be considered. The validity period for SAT and ACT is 5 years. Submission of any of the English language requirements should follow strictly given deadline per qualification. No late submission is allowed. Minimum Subject Requirements In addition to fulfilling the minimum entry requirements, you must also satisfy the minimum subject requirements for the programmes you apply. Check the minimum subject requirements of the programme you wish to apply. Mother Tongue Language (MTL) Requirement for Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents All Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents applying for admission must fulfil any one of the following minimum requirements under MOE mother tongue policy : a grade D7 for Higher MTL at Singapore-Cambridge GCE O-Level; a pass in MTL 'B' or a grade S for H1 MTL or H2 MTL Language and Literature or General Studies in Chinese at Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level, or an MOE-approved MTL-in-lieu*; a pass in MTL A: Literature or MTL A: Language and Literature or Language B MTL at Standard or Higher Level at IB Diploma, or an MOE-approved MTL-in-lieu*; an MOE-approved MTL-exemption*. Students who have not satisfied the requirement above may still apply for admission with no prejudice to their application. Admission will be on a provisional basis and students are required to attain the MTL within the period of their University study. * For students who have been away from Singapore's school system for some years, the University will submit the application for MTL-in-lieu or MTL-exemption on your behalf if you are offered admission. You will need to provide your academic transcript for the last 2 years of studies prior to university admission for MOE's assessment. MOE does not accept direct applications. If you have previously been approved a MTL-in-lieu or are exempted from MTL, please upload the MOE approval letter to the 'Checklist' after you have submitted your application. Students who have misplaced the letter must notify us at application and request for a replacement from MOE Customer Service at https://www.moe.gov.sg/feedback/ . The letter must be included in the application after receiving from MOE. Special Medical Conditions to Note Please read the special medical conditions before selecting the programme you wish to apply. Estimated Living Expenses It is important to have a good idea of the financial costs involved over the length of your undergraduate education in NTU. Besides the Tuition fee and Miscellaneous fee for full-time programmes, the estimated monthly cost of living is as below. Access this link to estimate your financial need. Type Of Costs Estimated Amount (S) Accommodation (On-campus) S$430 - S$860* Meals S$450 - S$600 Transport, Books & Personal Expenses S$250 - S$500 Total S$1130 - S$1960 * The estimated cost of accommodation is based on the rate of a single room or twin-sharing room. To begin your application, please click here for the application flow. The Office of Admissions does not engage any 3rd party agent / organization / company to represent the university or work with any 3rd party agent / organization / company to enrol full-time undergraduate students. All undergraduate admission related correspondences, notifications and e-mails are only sent by authorised personnel from the Office of Admissions. Step 1: Apply Online Application to undergraduate programmes is done online at your own comfort any time during the application period. There is no hard-copy application form. You will receive a confirmation email with your application number after you have successfully submitted the application form. Types of Application Forms & Deadlines Click on the appropriate link showing your qualification to submit an application. Only one electronic application form corresponds to your high school qualification can be submitted. Existing students with more than one acceptable high school qualifications and wish to be considered for admission with all the available qualifications should apply using the application form that shows the first qualification they have received. The University reserves the right to reject application submitted after the deadline using a wrong form. Students currently in final year of high school with actual high school graduation / national examination results available after April 1ST will not be eligible to apply for the LKCMedicine programme and Renaissance Engineering programme. Students currently in final year of high school with actual high school graduation / national examination results available after mid -July will not be eligible to apply for Art, Design & Media programme. International Qualifications/ Admission Requirements Application Status Application Period Deadline For Document Submission All other international qualifications not listed below (including German Abitur, Turkish High School, New Zealand NCEA, Bangladesh HSC, Pakistan HSC, Iran High School Diploma etc) Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 American High School Diploma/ High School Diploma with AP (Advanced Placement) Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Upload/Submit documents according to the Checklist within 3 days after application closing date. This will not include the submission of additional materials for admissions to Art, Design & Media Programme. These materials must be submitted within the application period. Australia NSW HSC / Western Australia TEE / Victoria Cert of Education / Tasmania HSC / Queensland OP / South Australia Matriculation Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 Brunei GCE A-Level Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Canada Ontario Secondary School Diploma/British Columbia High School and equivalent Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 French Baccalaureate/ Spanish Baccalaureate/ European Baccalaureate Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE) Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 India Standard 12 [2] Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Indonesian Ijazah SMA Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma [2][3] Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Malaysia Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) [1][2] Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Malaysia Unified Exam Certificate (UEC) [1][2] Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 Mauritius High School Certificate (HSC) Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Myanmar Matriculation Exam Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 NUS High School Diploma Check here Philippines G12 Senior High School Diploma Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 PRC National College Entrance Exam (NCEE) / studying in Gao Kao curriculum [5] Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 South Korean College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT)/High School Diploma (Ilbankye Kodung Hakkyo) Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 Sri Lanka A-Level Certificate Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Taiwan General Scholastic Ability Test (GSAT) Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 Thai Mathayom 6 Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 UK A-Level certificates/Cambridge Pre-U [2][4] Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 19 Mar 2026 Vietnam High School Graduation Certificate Closed 15 Oct 2025 - 20 Jan 2026 Footnotes: [1] A good pass in E1119 English (preferably score of 'A') or CEFR (B2) or IGCSE O Level at First language (A grade) or MUET (at least 4) or MUET on Demand or SAT (at least 1250) or TOEFL iBT/ TOEFL iBT ® Home Edition (at least 90, speaking 25) or IELTS (at least 6 overall, writing 6,verbal 6) or Cambridge English Advanced (CAE)(at least overall 170, writing 170, speaking 170) is compulsory if applying for scholarships and/or non-Engineering/non-Science programmes except Chinese programme. [2] Applicants awaiting actual results are required to key in their actual results and upload their result slip online under 'Provide Actual Results' at ' Check Status ' link within 3 days from the release date. Failing which, your application will be deemed incomplete and will not be processed. No provisional offer will be given before the actual results are available. [3] You must authorise IBO to release your results directly to NTU for verification purpose. Please refer to https://www.ibo.org/programmes/diploma-programme/assessment-and-exams/requesting-transcripts/ for details. [4] You must have taken at least 4 subjects in a single sitting in 'A' (A2) Level or Cambridge Pre-U or a combination of both. Advanced Level subjects taken over separate sittings are unacceptable. Students with only 3 subjects are not precluded from applying and such applications will be considered on a case-by-case basis. This is, however, not applicable to international students applying for admission on subsidised tuition fee basis due to limited places available. For applicants who are awaiting for actual results and the results avail only in August, please submit your application in the subsequent admission exercise. [5] Applicants studying in Gao Kao curriculum but choose to take AP or SAT Subject Tests on their own or did not sit Gao Kao for any reasons must submit their application under this category. [Back to top] Step 2: Pay Application fee The application fee payable is SGD25 for international applicants, SGD15 for Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent Residents. The fee is non-waivable, non-refundable and payable whether your application is ultimately successful or not. Payment by postal order, bank draft, electronic bank transfer or Western Union money transfer is not acceptable. Pay the application fee online by VISA/MasterCard. If you have a bank account in Singapore, you may use PayNow to make the payment. To learn more and make payment, go to Check Status link. Non payment or late payment after closing deadline will deem incomplete applications and no longer processed. [Back to top] Step 3: Submission of Supporting Documents You are required to submit the required supporting documents by the deadline to complete your application. Failing which, your application will be treated as cancelled. The documents required for submission can be found in your Checklist after application at the 'Application Tracking Page'. Documents in Chinese language, Bahasa Indonesia, Malay do not need to be translated into English. For documents in other languages, it is necessary to get your teacher or professional translator to translate into English before uploading both original and translated versions. You are able to access the tracking page again Check Status link. The documents include: Personal Identity (to establish your correct identity and facilitate processing of your application). International applicants to provide passport particulars page. Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent Residents must provide Singapore Identity Card or NS Identity Card (along with copy of passport particular page or birth certificate if colour of IC is not reflected in NS Identity Card) if serving Full-time National Service. International applicants without passport may submit birth certificate or personal Identity Card; *High school result slip/certificate/Diploma, e.g. American High School Diploma and transcript, GCE 'A' Level Statement of Results & Certificate, Indonesia SMA Rapor Sekolah & Ijazah SMA, India Standard 12, International Baccalaureate Diploma, Malaysia STPM, Malaysia UEC, PRC Gao Kao/Gao 1, 2 & 3 results slip, Vietnam Grade 10, 11 & 12 results slip/ Tot Nghiep Trung Hoc Pho Thong (Tam Thoi); Secondary school result slip or certificate, e.g. IGCSE, GCE 'O' Level, India Standard 10, Malaysia SPM & E1119/ CEFR, Grade 10 transcript, PRC Zhong Kao; University academic transcripts (for current or former university student only); English Proficiency - TOEFL iBT/ TOEFL iBT ® Home Edition , SAT, IELTS or PTE Academic or ACT with Writing (if applicable). Please upload score sheet to your Checklist within given deadline as late submission not accepted and you are strongly encouraged to also submit test score through the test awarding body for verification purpose. Our ACT code is 1873, SAT Code is 3721, TOEFL DI code is 0138 International Olympiad Award Certificate (if applicable). Personal statement or recommendation letter is not required except for application to MBBS programme. Submission of extra curricular records is not compulsory and will not enhance one's chance of admission. *Students' awaiting final results should provide the actual results within 3 days after the release date. The certified copy of the result slip or results downloaded from official website must be uploaded online at Check Status link. Upload Supporting Documents Uploading of scanned image from original result slip/certificate in its original colour is acceptable. Photocopies of academic results must be certified by your school teachers/principal or any gazetted officers before uploading. You WILL NOT need to mail your documents after uploading them. Submission through email is not acceptable. If you are admitted , you must be able to produce the original copy of the uploaded document for verification upon request. Please take note of the following when uploading the documents to the Checklist (contact us via the enquiry form if you need assistance): Ensure that the documents are scanned in its original colour. Ensure that the scanned files are in JPG (single file document only) or PDF format (documents with more than one page). You may prepare your documents in Word but to save file type as PDF. Save all pages of the same document to one file and then upload the file to the same location as one item. The file size should not exceed 5MB. Ensure that you have selected the right file to the correct location for uploading as no re-uploading is allowed and there will be no option for viewing the uploaded file after uploading. Ensure that all items listed under 'Compulsory Submission' are uploaded. After complete uploading, click on the 'Confirm' button at the bottom of the page to declare complete uploading of documents. Only complete applications will be processed. If you are awaiting final results, you must also click the 'Confirm' button after complete uploading of the available documents. Uploading of final results can be done later but within 3 days after the results release date and the link for uploading can be found at the Check Status link. Note: Ensure that you have uploaded ALL required/available documents BEFORE you click the 'Confirm' button as you will not be able to access the Checklist again once the button is clicked. Completion of Application for LKCMedicine Programme You are required to complete the following at 'Tracking Page' after submitting the online application form. You may access the page again through the Check Status link. Forward to two referees, the instructions to complete the online referee report, no later than 3 working days after the application closing date. One of the referee must be your Form Teacher. Complete the detailed Criminal Records Declaration. Submission of Application Documents for Art, Design & Media Programme: It is compulsory to submit the required materials as determined by the School of Art, Design & Media for admission assessment if Art, Design & Media is one of your choices of study. Refer to the NTU School of Art, Design & Media website for specific submission instructions and details. Submission of portfolio must be uploaded at this link by the closing date of application for admission. No work will be accepted if sent by email attachment. Late submission will not be accepted. [Back to top] At this Check Status link, you are able to: Access the Checklist for submission of supporting documents. Pay application fee online via VISA/MasterCard. Check your documents submission status; application fee payment status. Update choices of your programmes, your contact information within application period. Submit scholarship online application form within application period. Upload final results within 3 days once available. Failing which, your application will be deemed incomplete and no longer be processed. Check application outcome. We do not email an applicant on receipt of the supporting documents. Applicants are required to track their submission online. If you have outstanding item/document not submitted, you can find the message on this at " Check status ". Do note that the application outcome is estimated to be released during the period stated in 'Estimated Application Outcome' column. International Qualifications/ Admission Requirements Estimated Application Outcome [4] Appeal Period American High School Diploma [1] Mid Jun - mid Jul 2026 TBA Australia NSW HSC / Western Australia TEE / Victoria Cert of Education / Tasmania HSC / Queensland OP / South Australia Matriculation Between Apr - Jun 2026 TBA Canada Ontario Secondary School Diploma/British Columbia High School and equivalent [3] Mid Jun - mid Jul 2026 TBA French Baccalaureate/ Spanish Baccalaureate/ European Baccalaureate [3] Mid Jul 2026 TBA Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE) [3] Mid Jul 2026 TBA India Standard 12 End Jun 2026 22 June to 2 July 2026 Submit Indonesian Ijazah SMA Mid Mar 2026- Notification on whether or not invited for admission interview. By May 2026- Interview outcome. TBA International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma [2] End Apr - end Jul 2026 TBA Malaysia Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) [3] End Apr - end Jul 2026 TBA Malaysia Unified Examination Certificate(UEC) [3] Early Apr - end Jun 2026 Closed Mauritius High School Certificate (HSC) [3] End Jun - mid Jul 2026 TBA Myanmar Matriculation Exam Mid Apr - end Jun 2026 TBA NUS High School Diploma Check here - Philippines Senior High School Diploma (Katibayan or Katunayan) [3] Mid Jul 2026 TBA PRC National College Entrance Exam (NCEE) [Gao Kao Curriculum] Apr 2026 - Notification on whether or not invited for admission interview. End Jun 2026 - Interview outcome. 29 May to 12 June 2026 Closed South Korean College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT)/High School Diploma (Ilbankye Kodung Hakkyo) Late Mar 2026 - Notification on whether or not invited for admission interview. End Jun 2026 - Interview outcome. TBA Sri Lanka A-Level Certificate [3] Mid Jul 2026 TBA Taiwan General Scholastic Ability Test (GSAT) Late Mar 2026 - Notification on whether or not invited for admission interview. By Jun 2026 - Interview outcome. TBA Thai Mathayom 6 [3] Mid Mar 2026 Closed UK A-Level certificates/Cambridge Pre-U May - End Jun 2026 (Applicants sitting 2026 May/Jun 'A' Level exams will not be considered for admissions. Please apply in subsequent admission exercise) TBA A-Level (Brunei / Hong Kong) May - end Jun 2026 TBA Vietnam High School Graduation Certificate Mid Mar 2026 - Notification on whether or not invited for admission interview. End Jun 2026 - Interview outcome Closed All other international qualifications not listed above (including German Abitur, Turkish High School, New Zealand NCEA, Bangladesh HSC, Pakistan HSC, Iran High School Diploma, etc) Mid May - end Jul 2026 TBA TBA - To be announced Footnotes: [1] High School final year students must provide at least up to Grade 12 Semester 1 results at application. Final transcript to be submitted within 3 days when available. Advanced Placement (AP) score must be submitted by mid-July of the application year. [2] The outcome of IB Diploma applicants sitting for May exams will be made known within 1 to 2 weeks after the submission of actual results. You are required to key and upload result slip (screen capture from official website acceptable) under 'Provide Actual Results' at ' Check Status ' link within 3 days from the release date. No provisional offer will be made based on predicted grades. [3] Applicants in final year of high school must submit actual results within 3 days from the release date. The admissions decision will be made known within 2 to 3 weeks after the submission of actual results. No provisional offer will be made based on predicted grades. [4] If you have applied to the Medicine programme at LKCMedicine and are shortlisted for admission, you will be required to attend the Multiple Mini Interviews (MMI) in April. If you did not receive an invitation for the MMI in early April, it will deem that your application for the Medicine programme is unsuccessful. Student's Pass for international students NTU will assist international students admitted to the fulltime programmes on Student's Pass application (including visa for visa required countries). Please view complete application process before you start the application. Matriculating in Academic Year 2026-27 If you are matriculating in Academic Year 2026-27, proceed to complete the enrolment procedures as displayed in the online acceptance link after accepting offer. A summary is available at Freshmen Guide under Important Dates ( download a PDF version.) Information will be updated periodically. Please ensure that your contact numbers and email address are valid. If there is any change, please inform via our enquiry form immediately as various confirmations such as Hall allocation notifications will be sent to you via email only. Matriculating after Academic Year 2026-27 This is applicable only to Singaporean & Singapore Permanent Residents serving full-time national service. You will receive an acknowledgement email in September/October of the acceptance. Keep the letter as proof of acceptance and remember your application number for future correspondence. A confirmation email will be sent subsequently in December prior to the year of matriculation. If there is a change in your email, please update us, quoting your application number, via the enquiry form . Verification of Original Documents NTU checks the authenticity of your documents with one of the following methods: 1. At Official website If available, you are required to provide the login credential along with the result slip at submission or authorise NTU to access your results directly. 2. From Source by Email or Post We may check directly with the organisation, school or college who awarded the qualification or inform student to request the organisation, school or college who awarded the qualification to forward their academic results directly to us by email or post. Email submission is preferred. By Email - It must be from the organisation, school or college email and a suitable member or staff of the organisation, school or college. Student's name and application number must be included in the subject of the email. By Post - It has to be directly from the organisation, school or college who awarded the qualification in sealed envelope and post it to us at: Office of Admissions, Nanyang Technological University, Student Services Centre #03-01, 42 Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639815 3. In person Student may be required to come in person for verification of specific documents sometime in mid-September/ early October after matriculated as a student of NTU. Such notification will be sent to student's NTU email account closer to the verification period. For admissions matters and enquiries, please submit using the "Enquire Here" button. Enquire Here Nanyang Technological University 50 Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798 Tel: (65) 67911744 National Institute of Education 1 Nanyang Walk, Singapore 637616 Novena Campus 11 Mandalay Road, Singapore 308232 Tel: (65) 65138572 Quick links Board of Trustees 中文 NTU Library Suppliers Staff Intranet Student Intranet Give to NTU Get in touch Visiting NTU Careers A-Z Directory Contact Us Connect with us Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok © 2026 Nanyang Technological University Equality, Diversity and Inclusion | Legal