ENG РУС КЫРГ University Directory ECONOMICS MASTER'S IN ECONOMICS NEWS & ACHIEVEMENTS PARTNERS FACULTY & STAFF Scholarships and Fee ! The following information is relevant only for undergraduate program! APPLICATION DEADLINES FOR PROSPECTIVE & TRANSFER STUDENTS: 1st ROUND: Financial aid application deadline April 12, 2024 2nd ROUND: Financial aid application deadline June 14, 2024 AUCA is committed to providing financial assistance to talented and hard-working students who demonstrate excellent academic performance and financial need. Approximately 80% of undergraduates, about 881 students, benefit from a merit- and need-based financial aid program. The average financial aid is 2400 USD per student. Financial aid is available to both incoming and continuing AUCA students from the Kyrgyz Republic as well as from other C.I.S. countries. AUCA provides scholarships based on need within the limitation of its financial resources. About 10% of our awards are made on the basis of merit in order to attract the most talented students regardless of need. Scholarship awarding is essential for the University's enrollment strategy, which is to attract and retain an average annual total student body of 1,200 highly talented students. The majority of awards are made on the basis of demonstrated financial need, from a pool of academically qualified applicants. Should the number of qualified applicants exceed the number of available awards, some applicants, who are in less need of financial aid, will not receive funding. Recommendation for awards is made by the SFA Office to the Administration for final approval. In order to be considered for a financial aid award, students must complete a financial aid application and submit it along with all requested supporting documents to the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid by the appropriate deadline. Full list of need-based and merit-based scholarships available is here. To apply for financial aid , students must fill out an application for financial aid (also available from the Scholarships and Financial Aid Office, AUCA New Campus, room G20, 7/6 A.Tokombaev str., or by email: finaid@auca.kg ). When submitting the financial aid application to the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid, students must also submit all necessary verification documents (i.e. attestations or tax records as listed in the Financial Aid Policy ). It is recommended that the verification documents be submitted at the same time as the application for financial aid. If a student submits the electronic version of the application, it's hard copy and supporting documentation must be submitted within 3 working days. If you would like to learn more about AUCA Financial Aid, please do not hesitate to contact: AUCA Scholarships and Financial Aid Office 7/6 A.Tokombaev str., AUCA New Campus, room G20 Bishkek, Kyrgyz Republic 720060 Telephone: (996 312) 91-50-00(ext. 412/413) Email: finaid@auca.kg Financial Aid Forms : click here Social Media's: ABOUT AUCA AUCA at a Glance AUCA Leadership Faculty Senate Administrative Departments Directories and Calendars AUCA Contacts SERVICE TO SOCIETY Psychological Counseling Legal Clinic ADMISSIONS Apply to AUCA Financial Aid Preparing for AUCA ACADEMICS Undergraduate programs Graduate Programs Academic Regulations and Scheduling Academic Support Offices New Generation Academy Library Continuing education (MLDC) RESEARCH Research Institutes/Teams Institutional Review Board (IRB) UNIVERSITY LIFE AUCA Joint Calendar AUCA News and Events Student Life and Support Services Services and Resources for AUCA community Contests for high-schools students USEFUL LINKS University Directory Webmail eCourses Sitemap Employment Opportunities Emergency Contacts Bishkek & Kyrgyzstan American University of Central Asia 7/6 Aaly Tokombaev Street Bishkek, Kyrgyz Republic 720060 Tel.: +996 (312) 915000 + Еxt. Fax: +996 (312) 915 028 AUCA Contacts