Skip to main content MY AUS Library Virtual Campus Tour Prospective Students Current Students Faculty / Staff Alumni S About AUS at a Glance Vision of the Founder Leadership Strategic Plan 2025-2030 Rankings News Events Employment Partners and Community Discover Sharjah Visit and Explore AUS Press Media Center Institutional Research and Analytics MSCHE Reaccreditation Resources Admissions Study at AUS Prospective Students Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees Doctoral Degrees Admission Publications International Students Contact Admissions Grants and Scholarships Sponsorship Liaison Services Testing Center Sharakah Program New Undergraduate Student Guide Undergraduate Orientation New Graduate Student Guide Graduate Orientation File Completion Payment Guide Students with Disabilities Academics Colleges and Schools Programs and Departments Graduate Studies General Education Program Accelerated Master's Program International Study and Exchange Registrar's Services Academic Support Center Services and Resources Meet the Faculty Library Executive Education Life at AUS Virtual Campus Tour Around Campus One Stop Solution Center Residential Halls Commercial Outlets Athletics and Recreation Career Services Celebrating our Graduates Health and Wellness Student Life Sustainability Merchandise Alumni On-Campus Services Students with Disabilities Fazaa Complaint Hotline Engage Arts Ethics Culture Research Research Centers Faculty Research Endowed Chairs and Professorships University Research and Creative Works Council Research Equipment Catalog Contact Us Apply Now . Admissions Study at AUS Why AUS? Prospective Students Bachelor's Degrees Majors and Minors Prospectus Application Requirements Next Steps for Admitted Applicants Attestations UAE Certificate Of Equivalency Deadlines and Important Dates Tuition and Fees Application Deferment Change of Major Master's Degrees Master's Programs Prospectus Application Requirements Admission Requirements Next Steps for Admitted Applicants Attestations Qualification Recognition Report Deadlines and Important Dates Tuition and Fees Change of Program Application Deferment Doctoral Degrees Doctoral Programs Prospectus Application Requirements Admission Requirements Next Steps for Admitted Applicants Attestations Qualification Recognition Report Deadlines and Important Dates Tuition and Fees Application Deferment Change of Program Admission Publications International Students Applying to AUS Student Visa AUS and Beyond Life in Sharjah Contact Admissions Grants and Scholarships Sponsorship Liaison Services Testing Center Standardized Tests Score Verifications Placement Tests Professional Exams Testing Center Authorizations Contact Testing Center Sharakah Program New Undergraduate Student Guide Undergraduate Orientation New Graduate Student Guide Graduate Orientation File Completion Payment Guide Fees Calculator Online Payment Guide Students with Disabilities Application Requirements Home > Admissions > Bachelor's Degrees > Application Requirements The minimum required average to apply for admission consideration is the equivalent of 85% or above in the final year of secondary school (depending on the education system), or 85 percent or more in the best two out of the last three years. This average is used as a guideline. However, admission to AUS is competitive, and the minimum average required can vary based on several factors. These include your secondary education scores, the college/major of interest, SAT (if applicable) results, the number of qualified applicants, the availability of seats, and your English proficiency test scores (TOEFL, IELTS). The following subjects are mandatory for admission to the listed intended majors, with a minimum grade equivalent to B. Intended Major Mandatory Subjects (Minimum Grade B) Completion Requirements Engineering majors & Data Science Math and Physics Applicants must have completed math within the final three years of secondary education. The physics science subjects must be completed by at least Grade 11, with preference given to Grade 12. Business majors Math Applicants must have completed math within the final three years of secondary education. Science majors (including Computer Science) Math and a Science subject Applicants must have completed math within the final three years of secondary education. The science subject must be completed by at least Grade 11, with preference given to Grade 12. Architecture & Interior Design Math and a Science subject Applicants must have completed math within the final three years of secondary education. The science subject must be completed by at least Grade 11, with preference given to Grade 12. Other subjects may be required by the Admissions team to support the applications. Additionally, due to the high volume of applicants AUS receives, candidates are encouraged to apply early and before the published deadline to ensure they are considered for admission and/or to their preferred college or major. New Students Bachelor's applicants who have completed their high school level education must apply as new students. When filling an application on apply.aus.edu , make sure you select Student Type: New Student . To make sure you have all the information and documents needed to submit your application, click here. Matriculating AABP Students The AABP Matriculation application is to be submitted by AUS students who completed the exit requirements of the AUS Achievement Academy Bridge Program and are ready to join a Bachelor's degree program. When filling out an application on apply.aus.edu , make sure you select "Start a New AABP Matriculation Application" If you are an AUS AABP student and are unsure of your eligibility to apply for matriculation, reach out to [email protected] . To make sure you have all the information and documents needed to submit your application, click here . Transfer Students Applicants enrolled in other universities prior to submitting an application must apply as transfer applicants. When filling out an application on apply.aus.edu , make sure you select Student Type: Transfer. Transfer applicants must have completed a minimum of 12 credit hours with a minimum cumulative grade point average (CGPA) as required by AUS for that type of institution. Transfer of credit will be subject to AUS academic rules and regulations. For more information, refer to Transfer Admission section in the Undergraduate Catalog . To make sure you have all the information and documents needed to submit your application, click here . Returning Students (Readmitted Students) Undergraduate students in good academic standing who leave AUS for more than two consecutive semesters (inclusive of semesters of complete course withdrawal) who wish to resume studies, must select Student Type: Returning when filling their online application. Readmission of returning students is subject to AUS academic rules and regulations. Courses taken at another institution while on leave from AUS will not be transferred. Students on academic probation and dismissed students may not apply for readmission. For more information, refer to the Returning Student section in the Undergraduate Catalog . Second Degree Students Applicants who have completed an undergraduate degree at AUS are not eligible to apply for a second undergraduate degree at AUS. Applicants with an undergraduate degree earned at another independently accredited university recognized by the UAE Ministry of Education's and by AUS may apply for a second undergraduate degree at AUS. Applicants applying as second degree students are not eligible to transfer any of the completed credits. When filling an application on apply.aus.edu , make sure you select Student Type: Second Degree . For more information, refer to the Undergraduate Catalog . Non-Degree Student Applicants interested in attending a limited number of courses at AUS without pursuing a degree can apply as non-degree applicants. Non-degree status does not apply to exchange, transient and visiting students. Non-degree undergraduate applicants must meet the same minimum admission criteria established for full admission. Before applying, non-degree applicants must ensure they have the academic background and qualifications to attend the university courses of interest. To apply, fill out an application on apply.aus.edu , and select Academic College: Non-Degree . Courses are registered with the assistance of the College of Arts and Sciences. In courses with enrollment limits, priority is given to AUS degree-seeking students. Non-degree undergraduate students may request to change status to undergraduate degree-seeking students and are not eligible for financial grants or scholarships. For more information, refer to the Non-Degree Admission section in the Undergraduate Catalog . Exchange Students An exchange student is not formally admitted to American University of Sharjah but is allowed to take courses at the university in the context of a semester exchange program. Students must first apply through the study abroad office at their home institutions. In addition, they must submit to the AUS International Exchange Office (IXO) a complete online application, accessible through www.aus.edu/ixo . For detailed information, please click here . Transient Students Applicants who have obtained their undergraduate or graduate degrees from AUS and have returned to take extra course(s) at AUS must apply as transient applicants. Applicants must submit to the Office of the Registrar the complete Transient Student Application available here . In courses with enrollment limits, priority is given to AUS students. Normally, a student can register as a transient student for no more than one academic year. For further information, please contact the Office of the Registrar at [email protected] . Visiting Students A visiting student is one who is not formally admitted to American University of Sharjah but is allowed to take courses at AUS for transfer back to the student's home institution. Applicants seeking visiting student status must submit to the AUS International Exchange Office (IXO) a complete online application accessible through www.aus.edu/ixo . Visiting students should check with their home institutions about the transferability of AUS credit hours to their programs. For detailed information, please click here . GENERAL REQUIRED DOCUMENTS Applicants are required to submit an online application on apply.aus.edu* and then upload clear scans of the following supplemental items (required documents) official secondary school certificate certified by the appropriate authorities** official grade reports of the last three secondary school classes certified by the appropriate authorities** Letter of Good Conduct from the School of Graduation*** Certificate of Equivalency from the UAE Ministry of Education (required from all applicants except UAE Thanaweyya 'Ammah and Applied Technology graduates) valid passport-colored scan colored UAE national ID scan (for UAE nationals and residents) recent passport-size photo with a white background a minimum TOEFL iBT score of 80, or TOEFL ITP score of 550, or an IELTS Academic score of 6.5 are accepted. For more information, please click here . official letter stating completion or exemption of the Military National Service (UAE Male Applicants) Other requirements might apply based on an applicant's specific school system. The Office of Enrollment Management has the right to request any supporting documents. The UAE Ministry of Education or AUS might update the admission requirements without prior consent. *All applicants are required to pay a non-refundable application fee of AED 400 plus 5% VAT. Transfer applicants are required to pay a non-refundable transcript evaluation fee of 400 AED plus 5% VAT. * *Unattested scans will be accepted to start the application process. However, applicants will be required to show attested original documents before enrolling at AUS. Applicants graduating from schools outside the UAE are to certify (attest) documents from the country of origin: attestation is required by the authorized educational authority, the country's ministry of foreign affairs, and the UAE Embassy. Applicants graduating from UAE schools are required to attest documents from the UAE Ministry of Education. ***To be cleared for registration, admitted applicants must submit a Letter of Good Conduct from their graduation schools. The letter should demonstrate good behavior, discipline, and adherence to the school's rules and regulations. It should be generated by the school's administration office and printed on school letterhead, signed with the school seal added. Other required documents for Transfer applicants: a minimum EmSAT Achieve English result of 1550, or TOEFL iBT score of 80, or TOEFL ITP score of 550, or an IELTS Academic score of 6.5 are accepted. For more information, please click here . An additional non-refundable evaluation fee of 400 UAE Dirhams (deductible from tuition once enrolled) Applicants are required to upload the official university transcript when applying. Upload the course descriptions and syllabi of all the requested course transfers. Once admitted, applicants are required to submit the official university transcript and the official course syllabi Once Admitted, Transfer applicants from private universities within the UAE must have their university transcripts attested by the UAE Ministry of Education. Once Admitted, Transfer applicants from public universities in the UAE and international universities outside the UAE are required to mail their official transcripts directly from the institution they are transferring from, to: Ms. Dena Bushnaq ( [email protected] ) Office of the Registrar, American University of Sharjah PO Box 26666, Sharjah, UAE For more information about the credit transfer policy click here . Transfer applicants might be exempted from English Language Proficiency (ELP) test exam requirements based on their credentials. ACADEMIC REQUIREMENTS Recognized Secondary School Certificates Secondary school certificates are awarded either by ministries of education or by private schools and institutions. AUS recognizes certificates awarded by ministries of education. However, some countries award two levels of secondary school certificates. In this case, the university recognizes the higher certificate. The university accepts certificates awarded by private secondary schools that are recognized by their host country. The university also accepts certificates awarded by recognized qualification authorities, international boards, and national boards. The UAE Ministry of Education requires enrolled students to obtain a certificate of equivalency for their secondary education certificate. To meet this condition, please refer to the Certificate of Equivalency to check if your secondary education certificate requires equivalency and the process of obtaining it. Following is a list of some common certificates and the corresponding minimum levels of performance required for accepting an application to AUS. These certificates and levels of achievement serve as guidelines only for admission to AUS and may change depending on the education system or school. Moreover, they may differ from other institutions or the standards that are generally accepted in an applicant's native country. The university may consider other types of secondary school certificates. REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMON CERTIFICATES* The stated 85% averages are used as a guideline. Higher averages will be required for admission to certain majors. Other program-specific requirements may also apply (such as an equivalent grade to B in Mathematics and Physics for STEM and other majors). Admission to the university is competitive, and actual requirements depend on the major you apply to and the number of seats available in that major. American Curriculum - Inside UAE Applicants must attain a minimum of B or 85% average in the final grade (Grade 12) or the average of the best two years of grades 10, 11, and 12. Applicants are also required to obtain an SAT-Math score of 450 and above. Admitted applicants completing American High School Diplomas cannot join AUS without submitting a minimum SAT Math score of 450 before the beginning of the semester. SAT Math is mandatory. Applicants admitted to AUS who have completed American Advanced Placement tests with a grade of 3 may be exempt from certain placement tests depending on subjects/courses completed and grades earned. Admitted applicants who achieve a minimum grade of 4 in their American Advanced Placement tests may be awarded course credits for freshman-level courses. Refer to the Advanced Standing Credit Transfer Policy for a list of the subjects and grades. American Curriculum - Outside UAE Applicants must attain a minimum of B or 85% average in the final grade (Grade 12) or the average of the best two years of grades 10, 11, and 12. Applicants are also required to obtain an SAT-Math score of 450 and above. Admitted applicants completing American High School Diplomas cannot join AUS without submitting a minimum SAT Math score of 450. SAT Math Math is mandatory. Applicants admitted to AUS who have completed American Advanced Placement tests with a grade of 3 may be exempt from certain placement tests depending on subjects/courses completed and grades earned. Admitted applicants who achieve a minimum grade of 4 in their American Advanced Placement tests may be awarded course credits for freshman-level courses. Refer to the Advanced Standing Credit Transfer Policy for a list of the subjects and grades. Australian Certificates (QCE, VCE, and others) Applicants must attain an equivalent minimum average of 85% in the best two years of secondary education or 85% in the final public examination. The stated 85% averages are used as a guideline. Higher averages may apply for admission consideration to the university. Additionally, other program-specific requirements may also apply (such as an equivalent grade to B in Mathematics and Physics for STEM and other majors). British Curriculum Applicants must complete Year 13 (equivalent to American Grade 12) and provide an attested Sequencing Certificate (Certificate of School Registration History) with the last year of schooling showing as Year 13. Graduates from schools outside the UAE may provide signed letters from their schools confirming the completion of 13 Years of schooling. BTECs are accepted under certain requirements and conditions. Applicants are required to complete the following: Applicants must have five IGCSE/GCSE (O-Level) subjects with a minimum grade of 5 or B in each subject, and either three AS-Level subjects, or two A-level subjects with a minimum grade of B in each subject. The final GPA calculation will take into account both the grade variations and the number of subjects completed in each category to achieve the required result. Priority for admission will be given to applicants who have the required number of AS and A Level subjects shown above and meet the necessary grade criteria. Those with fewer subjects may be considered for Fall 2026 if they have completed Year 13, depending on seat availability, their chosen major, and their academic grades. Arabic Language and Islamic Education are not counted as part of the above number of subjects. Submit Year 11, 12, and 13 attested school grade reports. Muslim students in the UAE are required to have taken Islamic Studies in their last three years of study, which must be shown in the school grade reports. Students in the UAE of Arab nationality are required to have taken Arabic in their last three years of study, which must be shown in the school grade reports. Applicants admitted to AUS who have completed GCE A-Level with a grade of C may be exempt from certain placement tests depending on subjects/courses completed and grades earned. Admitted applicants who achieve a minimum grade of B in their GCE A-Level may be awarded course credits for freshman-level courses. Refer to the Advanced Standing Credit Transfer Policy for a list of the subjects and grades. Chinese National Curriculum Applicants must attain a minimum of 85% or more or its equivalent in the final year national exam, or a minimum of 85% or more or its equivalent in the best two years. French/Lebanese Baccalaureate Applicants must obtain the French/Lebanese Baccalaureate in any of the three tracks: Literature, Economics & Social, or Scientific with a minimum score of 13 or more. Applicants admitted to AUS who have completed Math in the French Baccalaureate or Lebanese Baccalaureate with a grade of 10 may be exempt from the Math placement tests . Admitted applicants who achieve a minimum grade of 13 in their French Baccalaureate or Lebanese Baccalaureate may be awarded course credits for freshman-level courses. Refer to the Advanced Standing Credit Transfer Policy for a list of the subjects and grades. General Secondary Curriculum (Thanaweya Ammah and Applied Technology) Applicants must attain a minimum average of 85% in the best two years of secondary education or 85% in the final public examination. The stated 85% averages are used as a guideline. Higher averages will be required for admission to certain majors and streams (General, Advanced, Elite). Other program-specific requirements may also apply (such as an equivalent grade to B in Mathematics and Physics for STEM and other majors). German Abitur Applicants must attain a minimum overall average in the German Abitur of 3.0. Applicants admitted to AUS who have completed Math in German Abitur with a grade of 10 may be exempted from Math placement tests . Admitted applicants who achieve a minimum grade of 10 in the German Abitur may be awarded course credits for freshman-level courses. Refer to the Advanced Standing Credit Transfer Policy for a list of the subjects and grades. Indian Board Curriculum. (CBSE, ICSE, State Board) Applicants must attain a minimum of 65% or more in the Senior Secondary School Certificate (12th Standard), or 65% or more in the best two years. International Baccalaureate (IB) Curriculum Applicants must be awarded the full IB Diploma with six subjects (excluding Islamic Education) with at least three in the higher level, and attain a minimum score of 24 points. Applicants who were not awarded the IB Diploma but received the IB certificate can apply and will be assessed based on the provided high school credentials. Applicants with IB certificate may be eligible to apply, provided they score no less than 4 on each subject and no less than 29 total score. Applicants admitted to AUS who have completed IB Higher Level with a grade of 5 may be exempt from certain placement tests depending on subjects/courses completed and grades earned. Admitted applicants who achieve a minimum of 6 in their IB Higher Level may be awarded course credits for freshman-level courses. Refer to the Advanced Standing Credit Transfer Policy for a list of the subjects and grades. Iranian Certificate Applicants must attain a minimum score of 15 points in the pre-university certificate, or a minimum average of 85% or its equivalent in the best two years. Nigerian Curriculum (NECO/WAEC) Applicants must attain a minimum of seven subjects with an overall grade equivalent to 85% or more in the West African Examination Council (WAEC) results or the National Examinations Council (NECO) results Pakistani Boards Applicants must attain a minimum average of 65% in the Senior Secondary School Certificate (12th Standard), or 65% or more in the best two years. Russian Curriculum Applicants must attain a a minimum score of 4.0 in the final year (grade 11), or a minimum score of 4.0 in the best two years, contingent on receiving the Certificate of Equivalency from the UAE Ministry of Education. SABIS® Applicants must attain a minimum of B or 75% average in the final grade (Grade 12) or the average of the best two years of grades 10, 11, and 12. Admitted applicants completing American High School Diplomas cannot join AUS without submitting a minimum SAT Math score of 450 before the beginning of the semester. SAT Math is mandatory. Applicants admitted to AUS who have completed American Advanced Placement tests with a grade of 3 may be exempt from certain placement tests depending on subjects/courses completed and grades earned. Admitted applicants who achieve a minimum grade of 4 in their American Advanced Placement tests may be awarded course credits for freshman-level courses. Refer to the Advanced Standing Credit Transfer Policy for a list of the subjects and grades. ENGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY REQUIREMENTS English Language Proficiency Tests All admitted applicants must provide proof of an approved English language proficiency test to be fully admitted. Applicants are requested to submit valid score reports from the Test of English as a Foreign Language ( TOEFL ) or the International English Language Testing System ( IELTS ). With the following minimum scores: TOEFL and IELTS score reports are valid for two calendar years. IELTS Academic TOEFL iBT TOEFL iTP 6.5 4.5 (previously 80) 550 Only TOEFL and IELTS are accepted by the American University of Sharjah; other tests, including but not limited to the following, are not accepted: IELTS Indicator TOEFL iBT Home Edition Linguaskill SAT REQUIREMENTS For Applicants Who Have Completed the American High School Diploma Required is a valid Scholastic Aptitude Test ( SAT ) report Graduates of the UAE from American High School and SABIS curricula are required to upload an SAT Math score of 450 and above International American High School and SABIS curricula applicants are required to upload an SAT Math score of 450 and above UAE CERTIFICATE OF EQUIVALENCY The UAE Ministry of Education requires all enrolled students to obtain a Certificate of Equivalency for their secondary education certificate. For Students Completing their Secondary Education in the UAE Applicants who earned their secondary education certificate from a private school inside the UAE should apply for a Certificate of Equivalency. This excludes students from the UAE General Secondary School Certificate system (Thanaweyya 'Ammah and Applied Technology). For Students Completing their Secondary Education Outside the UAE Applicants who earned their secondary education certificate from a school outside the UAE must present a Certificate of Equivalency for their secondary education certificate from the UAE Ministry of Education. UAE Certificate of Equivalency (CEQ) Application Process The first step is registering online at www.moe.gov.ae under MOE E-services - Service Catalog and getting a registration number. For a detailed list of the requirements and documents, visit www.moe.gov.ae under the Certificate Equivalency section. You may also contact +971 (800 51115) or email [email protected] . Applicants have to prepare and attest all the required high school certificates and transcripts before leaving their home country and/or the country in which they graduated. For information about the required attestations, please see the section Required Attestations . Applicants are required to apply online for their Certificate of Equivalency at least two months prior to the first day of class. Please note that AUS is not involved in the equivalency process or decisions. Issuing of the Certificate of Equivalency is controlled fully by the UAE Ministry of Education. Applicants who have applied for a Certificate of Equivalency but have not concluded the equivalency process by the time of registration will be given the chance to register for the first semester, provided that they sign the Conditional Admission Contract. ABOUT US Leadership Cabinet Accreditation Employment Maps and Directions Safety and Security Virtual Campus Tour APPLY Undergraduate Graduate Study Abroad RESOURCES AUS Catalogs Supplier Portal Academic Calendar Photo Gallery Library FAQ TOOLS AUS Employee Email AUS Student Email MY AUS Complaint Hotline © 2026 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved. PRIVACY POLICY SITEMAP CONTACT US Search this site Search for All Alumni Page College department College programs Conference Employment Event Faculty News article You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website. By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users' convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from those of the AUS website. Cancel Open link