Skip to main content MY AUS Library Virtual Campus Tour Prospective Students Current Students Faculty / Staff Alumni S About AUS at a Glance Vision of the Founder Leadership Strategic Plan 2025-2030 Rankings News Events Employment Partners and Community Discover Sharjah Visit and Explore AUS Press Media Center Institutional Research and Analytics MSCHE Reaccreditation Resources Admissions Study at AUS Prospective Students Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees Doctoral Degrees Admission Publications International Students Contact Admissions Grants and Scholarships Sponsorship Liaison Services Testing Center Sharakah Program New Undergraduate Student Guide Undergraduate Orientation New Graduate Student Guide Graduate Orientation File Completion Payment Guide Students with Disabilities Academics Colleges and Schools Programs and Departments Graduate Studies General Education Program Accelerated Master's Program International Study and Exchange Registrar's Services Academic Support Center Services and Resources Meet the Faculty Library Executive Education Life at AUS Virtual Campus Tour Around Campus One Stop Solution Center Residential Halls Commercial Outlets Athletics and Recreation Career Services Celebrating our Graduates Health and Wellness Student Life Sustainability Merchandise Alumni On-Campus Services Students with Disabilities Fazaa Complaint Hotline Engage Arts Ethics Culture Research Research Centers Faculty Research Endowed Chairs and Professorships University Research and Creative Works Council Research Equipment Catalog Contact Us Apply Now . Financial Grants and Scholarships At AUS, we do our best to ensure that financial means do not become a hindrance for qualified students to get the best education they deserve. Students-regardless of race, gender, disability, religion or national origin-are encouraged to apply for financial grants and assistance. We offer a wide range of grants and scholarships for undergraduate students, as well as graduate assistantships and work-study opportunities for graduate students. Bachelor's Master's PhD Undergraduate FAQs Graduate FAQs Bachelor's: Grants and Scholarships AUS has designated funds available for highly qualified undergraduate students with limited financial resources. Admitted students may apply for a financial grant regardless of their race, color, gender, religion or national origin. New first-time students at AUS may qualify for a financial grant, a merit-based scholarship and a Family Tuition Grant (awarded to the younger sibling when a family enrolls two or more children at AUS) to cover up to a total of 55 percent of tuition and fees. After their first semester, students may also qualify for additional scholarships. Book a Meeting Fact Sheet ❮ ❯ Scholarships Online application forms for scholarships will only be active when we are accepting applications. See the deadlines for each scholarship below. Online applications are due by 4:00 p.m. on the day of the deadline. *Prior to creating a new application, kindly ensure that you are connected to the AUS VPN. Windows users | Mac users If you have difficulty with the VPN or in accessing the application form(s), please contact the IT Service Desk by submitting a ticket to servicenow.aus.edu . New first-time students President's Scholarship The President's Scholarship is open to applicants who have completed their secondary education outside the UAE and covers 100 percent of tuition and lab fees and an application fee waiver. It also provides a monthly stipend for the duration of the scholarship, on-campus housing, three round-trip tickets for awardees during their years of study, and student medical insurance. It is offered for qualifying first-time students who enroll at AUS in the fall semester. The selection process depends heavily on academic excellence and a series of other requirements that showcase students' achievements. The scholarship is renewable for students who continue to maintain the scholarship requirements. To be eligible to apply for the President's Scholarship, you must first receive an admission offer from AUS. Please consider the time required for the admission process when planning for the President's Scholarship deadline. Academic requirements All applicants are required to attain an IELTS 7.0 or TOEFL iBT 94. Students must submit the required score with the admission application. British Qualifications 3 A-levels and 5 GCSEs (all A grades). Students must submit predicted A-level grades with the admission application. IB Diploma Minimum 40 points. Students must submit predicted IB Diploma grades with the admission application. American Curriculum Minimum 98 percent cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of grades 10 and 11, with 3 APs at grade 5 or SAT composite score of 1400. Students must submit the predicted AP grades or SAT score with the admission application. Other Education Systems Equivalent to 98 percent cumulative grade point average (CGPA) and SAT score of 1400. Students must submit SAT score with the admission application. Additional requirements Applicants must submit a portfolio that includes: an essay detailing extracurricular activities, talents, social activities and anticipated contribution to AUS evidence of outstanding personal qualities and leadership abilities in schools/community evidence of scientific or literary contributions to the community school honors/awards, community service and extracurricular activities a three minute video describing why they should be considered for the scholarship two letters of recommendation Applicants will be evaluated based on their grades in their final three years of schooling, including predicted grades for the final year (where applicable) The conditional scholarship offer will be revoked for those not meeting the predicted grades in the final year. They can be considered for the merit scholarship and/or financial grants. Fall 2026 application deadline: March 19, 2026 To apply for the President's Scholarship, create an account on apply.aus.edu, complete an admission application, and follow the instructions on the page. The link to the application form will be online starting January 2026. If you have indicated your interest in the scholarship in your admission application, please submit your application through the following link: https://pulse.aus.edu/financial-grant/add/president_scholarship Before creating a new application, kindly ensure you are connected to the AUS VPN. To do so, please follow the steps mentioned in the below links: Windows user - https://itfaq.aus.edu/faq/118 Mac user - https://itfaq.aus.edu/faq/119 If you have difficulty with the VPN or accessing the application form(s), please contact the IT Service Desk by submitting a ticket to servicenow.aus.edu . If you have any questions regarding the scholarship, please contact the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarship by booking an online meeting through https://ausscholarship.youcanbook.me/ or emailing the office at [email protected] . Our scholarship advisors will be happy to assist you. Chancellor's Scholarship The Chancellor's Scholarship is open to applicants who have completed their secondary education in the UAE. It includes full coverage of tuition and lab fees, application fee waiver, on-campus housing and student medical insurance. It will be offered for qualifying first-time students who will enroll at AUS in the fall semester. The selection process depends heavily on academic excellence and a series of other requirements that showcase students' achievements.The scholarship will be renewable for students who continue to maintain the scholarship requirements. To be eligible to apply for the Chancellor's Scholarship, you must first receive an admission offer from AUS. Please consider the time required for the admission process when planning for the Chancellor's Scholarship deadline. Academic requirements All applicants are required to attain an IELTS 7.0, or TOEFL iBT 94, or EmSAT English Achieve of 1725. Students must submit the required score with the admission application. National Curriculum Elite Diploma with 98 percent cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of grades 10 and 11, and 2 APs at grade 5. Students must submit the predicted AP grades or SAT score with the admission application. British Qualifications 3 A-levels (2 As and 1B) and 5 GCSEs (all A grades). Students must submit predicted A-level grades with the admission application. IB Diploma Minimum 38 points. Students must submit predicted IB Diploma grades with the admission application. American Curriculum Minimum 98 percent cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of grades 10 and 11 with 2 APs at grade 5 or SAT composite score of 1200 or submit the predicted AP grades or SAT score with the admission application. Australian Qualification (QCE/ATAR) Minimum score of 96 in the Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR). Applicants must submit their predicted ATAR score with the admission application. Other Education Systems Equivalent to 98 percent cumulative grade point average (CGPA) and SAT of 1200. Students must submit SAT score with the admission application. Additional requirements Applicants must submit a portfolio that includes: an essay detailing extracurricular activities, talents, social activities and anticipated contribution to AUS evidence of outstanding personal qualities and leadership abilities in schools/community evidence of scientific or literary contributions to the community school honors/awards, community service and extracurricular activities a three minute video describing why they should be considered for the scholarship two letters of recommendation Fall 2026 application deadline: March 19, 2026 To apply for the Chancellor's Scholarship, create an account on apply.aus.edu, complete an admission application, and follow the instructions on the page. The link to the application form will be online starting January 2026. If you have indicated your interest in the scholarship in your admission application, please submit your application through the following link: https://pulse.aus.edu/scholarships/chancellor-scholarship Before creating a new application, kindly ensure you are connected to the AUS VPN. To do so, please follow the steps mentioned in the below links: Windows user - https://itfaq.aus.edu/faq/118 Mac user - https://itfaq.aus.edu/faq/119 If you have difficulty with the VPN or accessing the application form(s), please contact the IT Service Desk by submitting a ticket to servicenow.aus.edu . If you have any questions regarding the scholarship, please contact the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarship by booking an online meeting through https://ausscholarship.youcanbook.me/ or emailing the office at [email protected] . Our scholarship advisors will be happy to assist you. Merit Scholarships AUS offers a range of Merit Scholarships (covering 10 to 20 percent of tuition and lab fees) to academically qualified applicants. To be eligible, students must have achieved an average equivalent to 95 percent and above in Grades 10 and 11; Grade 12 results are not considered in the evaluation. Transfer students are not eligible for a Merit Scholarship. Merit Scholarships are automatically offered at the time of admission; no separate application is required. Scholarship offers are contingent on available funding and are not guaranteed. Change of major after receiving an offer may impact eligibility for the Merit Scholarship. American University of Sharjah (AUS) reserves the right to discontinue offering Merit Scholarships at any stage of the admission process. Sharakah School Scholarship The Sharakah School Scholarships are highly competitive and are awarded only in fall semesters. Partner Sharakah Program Schools can select/nominate one exceptional student (an AUS applicant) from their school for the Sharakah School Scholarship of 45 percent remission on tuition, lab/technology fees and on-campus housing (sharing for women and men; single and double for men only). To be eligible, applicants must be evaluated by an established school committee, within the following guidelines: demonstrated outstanding personal qualities and leadership abilities in school and the community have made scientific or literary contributions to his/her local community received special honors or awards for community service and school extracurricular activities achieved a minimum high school average equivalent to 95 percent and above in Grades 10 and 11; Grade 12 results are not considered in the evaluation Deadline for schools to select/nominate the applicant and send the nomination to AUS: May 14, 2026. Rashid Bin Humaid Athletic Scholarship (new students) The Rashid bin Humaid Athletic Scholarship aims to nurture both academic and athletic excellence among the AUS student body. The scholarship provides financial assistance to new or continuing students that demonstrate exceptional athletic prowess, academic merit and a passion for sportsmanship. It aims to open the door for aspiring student-athletes and empower them to achieve their full potential on and off the field. Eligibility Criteria Achieve a minimum high school percentage of 95 percent in either: at least two of the last three years of secondary education, OR the final year of secondary education Have received an admission offer from AUS. To apply to AUS, create an account on apply.aus.edu , and complete an admission application. Please consider the time required for the admission process when planning for the scholarship deadline. Provide a good conduct certificate from their current school Demonstrate remarkable athletic achievements and a record of active participation Demonstrate financial need, as assessed by the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarships (OFGS) Benefits The scholarship entitles the recipient to an award of up to 100 percent of tuition remission and lab fees for one academic year. (Scholarship is subject to available funds each year.) Application Process The Rashid Bin Humaid Athletic Scholarship is not offered for the Fall 2026 semester. Continuing Students Active Student Scholarship Click here for more information. Athletic Scholarship Click here for more information. Rashid Bin Humaid Athletic Scholarship (continuing students) The Rashid bin Humaid Athletic Scholarship is designed to support outstanding student-athletes at AUS, fostering both academic and athletic excellence. This scholarship provides financial assistance to new or continuing students who demonstrate exceptional athletic prowess, academic merit and a passion for sportsmanship. It aims to open the door for aspiring student-athletes and empower them to achieve their full potential on and off the field. Eligibility Criteria Maintain a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.00 Be an AUS undergraduate student with a minimum of 12 credit hours in the semester in which the application is submitted Demonstrate remarkable athletic achievements and record of active participation in AUS varsity teams and beyond for Fall 2024 and Spring 2025 Exhibit good sportsmanship and strong moral character, with no disciplinary actions on record Maintain full-time enrollment (12-16 credit hours) Demonstrate financial need, as assessed by the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarships (OFGS) Benefits The scholarship entitles the recipient to an award of up to 100 percent of tuition remission and lab fees for one academic year. (Scholarship is subject to available funds each year.) Application Process The Rashid Bin Humaid Athletic Scholarship is not offered for the Fall 2026 semester. Chancellor's List Scholarship Subject to available budget, students placed on the Chancellor's List at the end of the spring semester are eligible for a Chancellor's List Scholarship, which provides a tuition remission (for a maximum of 16 credit hours) of up to 10 percent including lab/technology fees. This remission is applicable to the fall semester immediately following the spring semester when the student was placed on the Chancellor's List, provided that in this semester the student is enrolled as a full-time student and is receiving no more than 95 percent of student financial grant and/or scholarship from AUS and other external sponsors. Application forms are not required. The Chancellor's List Scholarship is awarded during the third or fourth week of classes of the fall semester. For the eligibility criteria and conditions for placement on the Chancellor's List, please refer to the current Undergraduate Catalog. Dean's List Scholarship Subject to available budget, students placed on the Dean's List at the end of the fall or spring semesters are eligible for a Dean's List Scholarship, which provides a tuition remission (for a maximum of 16 credit hours) of up to 10 percent including lab/technology fees. This remission is applicable to the semester immediately following the semester when the student was placed on the Dean's List, provided that in this semester the student is enrolled as a full-time student and is receiving no more than 95 percent of student financial grant and/or scholarship from AUS and other external sponsors. Application forms are not required. The Dean's List Scholarship is awarded during the third or fourth week of classes of the fall and spring semesters; it is not available in the summer. For the eligibility criteria and conditions for placement on the Dean's List, please refer to the current Undergraduate Catalog. Outstanding Academic Performance Scholarship Currently enrolled AUS students can benefit from the Outstanding Academic Performance Scholarship, which celebrates and rewards exceptional academic achievement. The scholarship will cover 100 percent of tuition and lab fees. Application forms are not required. Evaluations for the scholarship will be conducted every spring semester, with the top 10 performing students being selected as awardees. The awardees will be announced at the end of June each year. The scholarship is renewable annually, provided that the conditions outlined in the offer letter are met. Eligibility: Cumulative GPA (CGPA) of 3.9 or above at the end of the spring semester At least 60 credit hours earned at the end of the spring semester. Only credits completed at AUS will be counted toward this requirement. No Student Code of Conduct violations resulting in a conduct probation or a greater sanction No Academic Integrity Code violations resulting in a sanction Endowed Scholarships AUS offers a number of need-based endowed scholarships, which have been made possible through generous contributions from individuals and organizations. Students who receive a financial grant from AUS and fulfill the criteria for a particular need-based endowed scholarship will be considered. Students selected for an endowed scholarship will be notified by the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarships. Endowed scholarships are awarded only in fall semesters. Most Outstanding Active Student Award Click here for more information. Petrofac Endowment Scholarship The Petrofac Endowment Scholarship provides assistance for junior and senior students in the College of Engineering who have limited financial resources and who demonstrate academic excellence and exemplify the hallmark traits that characterize American University of Sharjah: honor, integrity, leadership and service to others. These scholarships are awarded only in fall semesters. Deadlines for enrolled students to apply for or renew the Petrofac Scholarship: Fall Semester 2026: March 26, 2026 For a Petrofac Endowment Application or Renewal Form, please click here. Sheikh Khalifa Scholarship The Sheikh Khalifa Scholarship, awarded to juniors and seniors, recognizes academic excellence, leadership potential, service to community, demonstrated talent in the field of study, and participation in extracurricular and university activities. The Sheikh Khalifa Scholarship is awarded through an annual competition conducted within each college/school. It is granted for up to four consecutive semesters or until graduation requirements are complete, whichever occurs first, provided the continuation conditions are met. The Sheikh Khalifa Scholarship covers tuition up to a maximum of 16 credit hours. This scholarship is not awarded for the summer term. Students interested in applying for the Sheikh Khalifa Scholarship must have a cumulative GPA of 3.25 and must be a full-time student (minimum of 12 credits). Conditions for Maintaining the Sheikh Khalifa Scholarship achieve a minimum semester GPA of 3.25 maintain a full-time student status (minimum of 12 credits) not be suspended or placed on conduct probation The application process and the deadline to apply for the Sheikh Khalifa Scholarship are announced by each college/school during the fall semester each year. ❮ ❯ Grants Online application forms for grants will only be active when we are accepting applications. See the deadlines for each grant below. Online applications are due by 4:00 p.m. on the day of the deadline. Prior to creating a new application, kindly ensure that you are connected to the AUS VPN. Windows users | Mac users If you have difficulty with the VPN or in accessing the application form(s), please contact the IT Service Desk by submitting a ticket to servicenow.aus.edu . Financial Grants We have funds designated for highly qualified undergraduate students with limited financial resources. After you have been admitted, you may apply for a financial grant if you are a first-time student and meet the following requirements: have received an official letter of admission to the university have limited financial resources Enrolled students interested in applying for the Financial Grant must have a cumulative GPA of 2.0 and must be full-time (minimum of 12 credits) or registered in the Achievement Academy Bridge Program. If you are eligible for a grant, the amount of the award will depend upon your financial need and your academic qualifications. If you live on campus in a shared or double room, you may be eligible for partial assistance toward your residential hall fees. Grants are awarded regardless of your race, color, gender, religion or national origin. Please contact the scholarship supervisor after you have received your letter of admission. You will find the contact information at the bottom of this page. Deadlines for newly admitted students and returning students to apply for financial grant: Summer Term 2026: April 30, 2026 Fall Semester 2026: June 25, 2026 Spring Semester 2027: December 10, 2026 Deadlines for enrolled students to apply for or renew the financial grant award: Fall Semester 2026: March 26, 2026 Spring Semester 2027: October 15, 2026 For a Financial Grant Application or Renewal Form, please click here. Family Tuition Grant For families that have more than one daughter/son enrolled simultaneously in AUS as full-time undergraduates in a degree program, a tuition discount of 25 percent is given to each sibling after the first. To receive the family tuition grant, students must complete an application available from the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarships. Applications must be received by December 10, 2026. Siblings of students who are receiving a 100 percent scholarship (i.e. Chancellor's Scholars Award, the 100 percent Sharakah School Scholarship, President's Scholarship or the Chancellor's Scholarship) are not eligible for the family tuition grant. Forms for Family Tuition Grant can be obtained here . Study Tour Grant Students receiving a financial grant from AUS and enrolled in a credit-bearing study tour may be eligible for funding to help supplement tour costs. Eligibility and the amount of funding awarded are determined based on the application and the student's financial situation. The deadline to apply is at least five weeks prior to the scheduled departure date of the study tour. For the Study Tour Grant application, please click here. Tuition Exchange Programs Outgoing Tuition Exchange Students Tuition exchange programs enable all full-time AUS faculty and staff to apply for the opportunity to send their dependents to study in the USA, and sometimes other countries as well, for a significant tuition discount and/or a total tuition waiver. To find out more, please click here. Incoming Tuition Exchange Students Tuition exchange scholarship programs enable faculty and staff from other participating universities to send their dependents to study at AUS completely tuition-free. If your parents work for a university that is a member of one of our two tuition exchange program networks, you may be eligible to apply for a tuition exchange scholarship to cover your studies here at AUS. To find out more, please click here. ❮ ❯ Master's: Assistantships and Employment ❮ ❯ We offer our graduate students assistantships and work-study opportunities. If you wish to consider assistantship or employment as a graduate student at AUS, please take the time to browse the following pages: GA Application and Review Procedures New Students If you are a new student, please consult the Graduate Academic Calendar for the application deadline. You need to provide a completed Application for Graduate Admission with the box requesting consideration for assistantship marked and relevant transcripts to the Office of Enrollment Management by the application deadline specified, in addition to two reference letters. Continuing Students If you are a continuing student please click here for the application form and more information. Final decisions concerning GA appointments are made by the Provost through the Office of Graduate Studies. GA Appointments, Workload and Responsibilities Generally, a Graduate Assistant (GA) performs administrative tasks, serves as a lab or teaching assistant, and/or reads and grades student papers under moderate to minimum supervision of the faculty supervisor. GAs are appointed on a semester-by-semester basis. The coordinator of your graduate program or your faculty supervisor will provide you with a written statement of duties and assignments at the beginning of your appointment. It will be your responsibility to understand the expectations for your work, but your workload will consist of no more than 20 hours per week. Final decisions concerning GA appointments are made by the Provost through the Office of Graduate Studies. GA Eligibility To be eligible for a full or part-time GA, you must: Have been admitted in good standing by meeting or exceeding all university and program-level requirements for full admission. Note that students on conditional or probationary status are not eligible for a GA. Maintain a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.25. Some graduate programs establish additional and/or higher standards. For a full-time GA, register for and complete nine credit hours of graduate courses or be registered for thesis credit. For part-time GA, register for and complete six credit hours of graduate courses or be registered for thesis credit. Graduate students who are employed full-time may not hold full-time graduate assistantships but are eligible for part-time assistantships. Graduate Assistantships (GAs) We award competitive full and partial Graduate Assistantships (GAs) to qualified graduate students. These are of two types: Graduate Research Assistantships (GRAs) and Graduate Teaching Assistantships (GTAs). Both are awarded on a competitive, semester-by-semester basis (not awarded in the summer semester). A graduate assistantship may be held for a maximum of two years. Please note that Master's programs in the College of Architecture, Art and Design, the College of Arts and Sciences, and the School of Business Administration mainly offer partial assistantships. Students on full-time Graduate Assistantships (six waived credits or more) will be eligible for a 50 percent discount on residential hall fees on a semester basis (subject to availability of dormitory rooms and on a first come, first served basis). Graduate Research Assistantships (GRAs) A GRA will provide you with opportunities to develop research experience by working with a faculty member on research-related activities. Graduate Teaching Assistantships (GTAs) A GTA will provide you with opportunities to gain teaching-related experience through part-time employment in positions such as lab assistants. GAs are provided through the program coordinator's office and cover tuition waivers of up to 9 credit hours per semester and/or a stipend of up to AED 20,000 per semester. GAs are expected to work no more than 20 hours per week. Graduate Student Employment You may want to consider work opportunities through a department, graduate program or a faculty member's research grant. These positions are paid on an hourly wage basis at a rate determined by the employing unit. The rate of pay will depend upon the complexity of your duties, the skills required and equity among student workers in the unit. If you would like to be employed as a graduate student worker, you must be enrolled in a graduate program and registered for at least six credit hours. You may work up to 20 hours per week while courses are in session and up to 40 hours per week during breaks so long as you meet the eligibility requirements both before and after the break. Please note that you will not be compensated for any hours worked beyond those stated limits. To apply for graduate student employment, please contact the coordinator or faculty member of your graduate program. PhD: Assistantships and Employment AUS offers a limited number of full and partial Graduate Assistantships (GAs) on a competitive basis to PhD students. GAs cover tuition fee waiver and monthly stipends. A GA is awarded on an annual basis for a maximum of four years, subject to an annual review of the student's academic performance and achievements. Recipients of the GAs will be involved in conducting research within a research group as well as performing teaching assistant duties. Assistantship Features Full tuition fee waivers for PhD degree requirements A monthly stipend Mentoring by highly qualified faculty Participation in ongoing research projects Access to state-of-the-art facilities Opportunity to participate in international conferences Opportunity to acquire teaching experience in preparation for future academic careers PhD students on full-time Graduate Assistantships are eligible for a 50 percent discount on residential hall fees annually if on an annual contract, and on a semester basis if on a semester contract (subject to availability of dormitory rooms and on a first come, first served basis) Application Process Applicants applying for an assistantship must complete the Application for Graduate Admission, with the box requesting consideration for assistantship marked. In addition, they must answer all the related questions on the application, submit the relevant transcripts and submit two reference letters to the Office of Enrollment Management by the application deadline specified. GA Eligibility To be eligible for a PhD GA, you must: have been admitted in good standing by meeting or exceeding all university and program-level requirements for full admission register for and complete a minimum of six credit hours during each semester of study maintain a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.25 during your studies at the PhD program at AUS GA Appointments, Workload and Responsibilities GAs are appointed on an annual basis based on the students' performance. The maximum duration of a GA appointment is four years. Final decisions concerning GA appointments are made by the Provost through the Office of Graduate Studies. The coordinator of your graduate program or your faculty supervisor will provide you with a written statement of duties and assignments at the beginning of your appointment. It will be your responsibility to understand the expectations for your work, but your workload will consist of no more than 20 hours per week. Generally, a PhD student appointed as a GA performs research under the supervision of a faculty member, serves as a lab or teaching assistant under moderate to minimum supervision of the faculty supervisor, and may be asked to perform some administrative tasks. ❮ ❯ Undergraduate FAQs General Can I apply for AUS grants online or by email? We only accept applications online. Online application forms for grants and scholarships will only be active when we are accepting applications. Please click here to access the required application. Only accepted students with an AUS ID number can apply. Please ensure that you are connected to the AUS VPN prior to creating a new application. To connect to the VPN, please follow the steps below: Windows Users: https://itfaq.aus.edu/faq/118 Mac Users: https://itfaq.aus.edu/faq/119 Is the grant/scholarship that I have been offered renewed automatically every year? All AUS grants and scholarships are generally offered for one year and are renewable if all criteria are met, unless stated otherwise (please check your offer letter for all terms and conditions). Financial grant applications must be submitted annually. What are the terms and conditions that I must maintain to renew my AUS grant or Merit Scholarship? Please refer to your scholarship offer letter, which provides details regarding the terms and conditions. I have been offered a scholarship and/or financial grant. Is it valid for one year or for the duration of the degree? AUS provides grants/scholarship for the duration of the program based on the stipulated degree requirements of the major as mentioned below (unless stated otherwise in the offer letter): 126 credit hours or below: Maximum of 8 semesters 127-141 credit hours: Maximum of 9 semesters 142-156 credit hours: Maximum of 10 semesters 157 credit hours or more: Maximum of 11 semesters How can I be sure that my online application has been received? Confirmation is provided at the time of submission via a notification on the screen that your application was submitted successfully. Is the AUS grant and/or Merit Scholarship applicable if I am enrolled in an internship in the summer term? If you register for a credit-bearing internship, the AUS grant and/or Merit Scholarship will apply. If the internship is 0 credit, grants and scholarships will not apply. How can I submit a petition to the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarships? A petition may be submitted by email to [email protected] clearly stating the reason for petitioning. Will the Pass/No Pass grades affect my grant/scholarship? Please refer to the scholarship offer letter to see the conditions of the grant/scholarship. If the condition only states that you have to achieve a minimum semester GPA/CGPA, the Pass/No Pass grade selection will not affect the renewal of your grant/scholarship. In order to be eligible for a Dean's List or Chancellor's List scholarship, a student must maintain 15 credit hours in letter-graded courses (not Pass/No Pass) in addition to meeting all other conditions outlined in the Undergraduate Catalog. How can I contact the Office of Financial Grants and Scholarships? The best way to contact our team is via email at [email protected] . Alternatively, you may call one of these numbers: +971 6 515 2057/ 2060/ 2072/ 2034/ 2055/ 2062 or 2065. Scholarships What is the deadline to apply for a Merit Scholarship? There is no application required for a Merit Scholarship, which will be based on your high school performance. If you are eligible to receive a Merit Scholarship, an offer letter will be sent to you at the time of admission. I have been asked to pay the seat reservation deposit to confirm my Merit Scholarship. Can I extend the deadline? The seat reservation deposit payment deadline to secure a Merit Scholarship cannot be extended as there are limited scholarships available. Am I eligible for a higher Merit Scholarship if I received my final Grade 12 results after the scholarship was offered? No, Merit Scholarships are solely assessed based on your Grade 10 and 11 results. What percentage of Merit Scholarship will I be eligible for if I lose my current Merit Scholarship? Please refer to your scholarship offer letter, which provides details regarding changes in scholarship eligibility status. When can I apply for the Athletic Scholarship and/or Active Student Scholarship? The Office of Student Experience (OSE) will send out information in the fourth or fifth week of classes announcing the deadlines for the OSE scholarships. Should you need to contact them, please email [email protected] (for Active Student Scholarship) or [email protected] (for Athletic Scholarship). Grants What is the deadline to apply for a financial grant? Deadlines for financial grants are posted in the Grants section above. The deadlines vary for new students and currently enrolled students, so please check the dates carefully. Applications submitted after the deadline cannot be considered. I am a new first-time student. Can I apply for financial grant even though I have been offered a Merit Scholarship? Anyone who has received a conditional or final offer of admission from the Office of Enrollment Management can apply for financial grant. How long does it take for my financial grant application to be processed? New First-time Students: The decision is generally communicated within two weeks from the date we receive a complete application. An application is considered complete only when the reviewer determines that all required documentation and information have been provided, and not simply upon submission of the application. Enrolled Students: The decision will be communicated after the grades for the semester you applied in are available. For example, if you apply in Fall 2025 for a financial grant for the Spring 2026 semester, the decision will be announced after the Fall 2025 grades are available. As a new first-time student, can I apply for a financial grant without paying the seat reservation deposit? You may apply for a financial grant before paying the deposit. However, we cannot guarantee that you will receive a decision before your deposit deadline. To avoid delays or inconvenience, please plan ahead and apply for a financial grant as soon as you receive your admission offer. I am an enrolled student but I did not apply for a financial grant for my first semester. Can I still apply? Yes, you may apply for a financial grant prior to the deadline announced in the Grants section above. Graduate FAQs What is a Graduate Assistantship? AUS offers Graduate Assistantships to students on competitive bases. Assistantships cover full or partial tuition waivers and/or a stipend. Graduate assistantships may come in the form of Graduate Teaching Assistantship (GTA) or Graduate Research Assistantship (GRA). How can I apply for an assistantship? Master's and PhD students can apply for an assistantship directly through the online admission application. When do I know that I have been granted an assistantship? After receiving the letter of admission, your program coordinator/department head will send you a notification via email about the decision regarding the assistantship and the details of the award. You need to respond within a specific period of time to confirm your acceptance of the assigned assistantship. A contract will be issued by the Office of Graduate Studies at the beginning of each semester stating the conditions of the award. With whom should I follow up concerning the assistantship? You should contact your department head or program coordinator. If I am working, would I be considered for assistantship? Yes, working students may be considered for partial assistantship. Please communicate with your department head or program coordinator. How long can a student receive a graduate assistantship? For a master's students, the assistantship can be awarded for four semesters. For a doctoral student, the assistantship can be awarded up to eight semesters. Contact Us Bachelor's: Grants and Scholarships Office of Financial Grants and Scholarships [email protected] Tel +971 6 515 2057/2060/2072/2034/2055 Fax +971 6 515 4050 Master's: Assistantships and Employment | PhD: Assistantships and Employment Office of Graduate Studies [email protected] Tel +971 6 515 4721 ❮ ❯ ABOUT US Leadership Cabinet Accreditation Employment Maps and Directions Safety and Security Virtual Campus Tour APPLY Undergraduate Graduate Study Abroad RESOURCES AUS Catalogs Supplier Portal Academic Calendar Photo Gallery Library FAQ TOOLS AUS Employee Email AUS Student Email MY AUS Complaint Hotline © 2026 American University of Sharjah. All rights reserved. PRIVACY POLICY SITEMAP CONTACT US Search this site Search for All Alumni Page College department College programs Conference Employment Event Faculty News article You are now leaving the American University of Sharjah website. By continuing, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with American University of Sharjah. Links to external sites are provided only for users' convenience and imply no endorsement of the site and/or its content. Note that the privacy policy and security settings of the linked site may differ from those of the AUS website. Cancel Open link