Skip Main Navigation Secondary About Us News & Events Give Info For Info For Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus Search Wellesley Wellesley Menu Site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments and Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad and Exchange AI and the Liberal Arts Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health and Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments and Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad and Exchange AI and the Liberal Arts Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health and Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Secondary About Us News & Events Give Info For Info For Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus Search You are here: Home Admission & Aid Apply First-Year Applicants International Applicants International Applicants Skip Sub Navigation In This Section International Applicants QuestBridge Applicants In This Section Close international applicants International Applicants QuestBridge Applicants Thanks for being here. We hope this is the start of something great. Our 2,300 students come from all over the U.S. and from more than 50 countries! Many of our faculty were trained or currently conduct research abroad. Some of our most prominent programs, such as the Albright Institute and the Wellesley Centers for Women, are explicitly global in scope. Our stunning 500-acre campus is in the suburban town of Wellesley, 12 miles from Boston and Cambridge, Massachusetts-one of the world's great concentrations of intellectual, entrepreneurial, and technological innovation. Wellesley is committed to meeting 100% of the calculated need for all admitted students. More information on financial aid and applying for financial aid can be found on this page . International students at Wellesley are students who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents. If you have any lingering questions, just jump over to our FAQs for international applicants for even more (insightful! helpful!) information. Important information Dates and deadlines Application checklist Financial aid for international students Explore more at Wellesley The Power of Place An Aerial Tour of Wellesley College We're taking a big breath before we say this, but: Wellesley is like no other place on earth. Our buildings are named for women. The majority of our faculty are women. When you come to Wellesley, you're grounded in a stunning 500-acre campus that was built for women-a place that has stood for nearly 150 years as a foundation for our shared promise. We're also 12 miles from Boston and Cambridge, a source of world-class culture, 250,000 college students, and pretty much unlimited opportunities. Wellesley is a powerful idea, an empowering experience, and a singular place. Wellesley Wellesley College 106 Central Street Wellesley, MA 02481 781-283-1000 Social Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Footer Find a Person Maps & Directions Newsroom Events Working at Wellesley Alumnae Intranet Utility Title IX Commitment to Non-Discrimination Consumer Information Terms of Use Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Site Menu site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments and Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad and Exchange AI and the Liberal Arts Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health and Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Search Submit Info for Close audience Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus secondary About Us News & Events Give Close Close