Skip Main Navigation Secondary About Us News & Events Give Info For Info For Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus Search Wellesley Wellesley Menu Site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments and Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad and Exchange AI and the Liberal Arts Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health and Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments and Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad and Exchange AI and the Liberal Arts Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health and Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Secondary About Us News & Events Give Info For Info For Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus Search You are here: Home Admission & Aid Student Financial Services Understanding Financial Aid Apply for Aid International Students International Students Skip Sub Navigation In This Section International Students In This Section Close international students International Students A Quick Guide for Prospective International Financial Aid Applicants Wellesley is committed to meeting 100% of calculated need for all admitted international citizens who have applied for financial aid during the admission process. Financial assistance is available for a limited number of international citizens. Its purpose is to support highly qualified candidates who could not otherwise attend Wellesley. Because of the keen competition for these funds, candidates should apply for them only if family resources cannot adequately meet College expenses. In determining the amount of aid given, the College examines the financial resources of the student and her family through information provided on the admissions application, through questions on your Wellesley Applicant Portal, and through completion of the CSS Profile. For international students, the cost of attendance will be based on tuition, fees, room, board, books, supplies and other educational costs. Please note that travel is not included in international students' cost of attendance. 1. Deadlines and financial aid decision notification dates Please see the information on admissions plans and admission's application deadlines for prospective students. If you indicate you are applying for aid on your admission application, you will be prompted with what documentation is needed. Completing requests in a timely manner will ensure you receive aid eligibility if you are admitted. Prospective international students, whether or not they are applying for financial aid, may apply under any of Wellesley's three decision plans. International students admitted to Wellesley without financial aid will not be eligible for financial aid in future years at the College. Current international students are not required to reapply for financial aid each year. Note: Students from the United World Colleges must complete a registration form each year. We will email this form to you in August. 2. Financial Aid Application Materials In an effort to simplify the financial aid process for non-U.S. citizens/permanent residents, applicants who have indicated their intent to apply for aid will be prompted to complete a Financial Aid Intent Form after submitting their application for admission. This form is accessible in the Applicant Portal; you gain access to the Applicant Portal only after you have submitted your application to Wellesley. We will also reach out to applicants periodically throughout the application cycle regarding financial aid forms and documents. In the case that we do reach out regarding submission of the CSS Profile, we will include information on how to request a fee waiver. Wellesley Wellesley College 106 Central Street Wellesley, MA 02481 781-283-1000 Social Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Footer Find a Person Maps & Directions Newsroom Events Working at Wellesley Alumnae Intranet Utility Title IX Commitment to Non-Discrimination Consumer Information Terms of Use Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Site Menu site We Are Wellesley An Education that Transforms Financially Possible The Future of Science Where You Belong The Ones Who Open Doors Wellesley In the World Admission & Aid Apply Connect with Wellesley The Wellesley 100 Student Financial Services Admission FAQs Academics Find Programs of Study Departments and Programs Find Courses Faculty Student Research Find Your Voice Academic Centers Study Abroad and Exchange AI and the Liberal Arts Life at Wellesley Housing Campus Dining Health and Wellness Community Getting Off Campus Career Education Wellesley Athletics Search Submit Info for Close audience Prospective Students Families of Students Entering Students Current Students Current Faculty & Staff Prospective Employees Alumnae Visiting Campus secondary About Us News & Events Give Close Close