Published on September 11, 2026 2027 Enrollment Application Guidelines For Self-Supported International Students Applying to the Integrated Science Program, Undergraduate Program Hokkaido University Admission Policy Hokkaido University is one of the leading research -intensive universities in Japan with departments ranging from the sciences to the humanities. It was established in 1876 as the Sapporo Agricultural College. It is one of Japan's prestigious seven "former Imperial Universities" and today is a leading national university. During its long history, Hokkaido University has cultivated academic autonomy and freedom based on four basic philosophies relating to education and research: Frontier Spirit, Global Perspectives, All-round Education, and Practical Learning. Guided by these philosophies, the university's mission is to be a place where knowledge is created, disseminated, and applied in the new century, thereby contributing to the development of human welfare, science, culture, and society through education and research. The university strives to offer undergraduate education that teaches students to participate in society as global citizens, to acquire the academic and communication skills that will give them a solid foundation in their professional lives, and to study their fields of expertise from a broad academic perspective. The university aims to make its graduates capable of exercising sound judgment and leadership as exemplary citizens possessing high- quality and internationallyrecognized academic credentials. In addition, the university nurtures students so that they may take leading roles as professionals in their fields and actively promote academic creativity. Hokkaido University has built upon this tradition and its history since it was founded and recruits talented students from throughout Japan and the rest of the world. We use an advanced selection system to seek out students who have the academic ability ne eded to pursue an undergraduate education, such as basic knowledge, basic skills, mathematical ability, linguistic ability, depth of understanding, and comprehension skills. We strive to recruit students who have the qualities needed to pursue studies at the university level and beyond, such as problem-solving skills, creativity, a sense of ethics, flexible thinking, communication ability, the ability to think theoretically, leadership skills, integrity, and the desire to learn. Integrated Science Program Admission Policy Students We Are Seeking: (1) Knowledge and Comprehension Demonstrate basic knowledge in various subjects offered in secondary education and takes the initiative in learning natural sciences. (2) Thinking Skills, Decision-Making Skills, and Creativity Aspire to create values in their field of expertise and the society. Science is an academic discipline that explores the natural world through observation and experiments, and critical thinking and decision-making skills are necessary to select the best method of explanation. (3) Written Expression and Communication Skills Demonstrate a fundamental grasp of tasks and capable of expressing their understanding logically in written form. (4) Initiative and Perseverance Show intellectual curiosity in broader fields and takes the initiative to solve problems without being satisfied with existing knowledge or understandings. You may face many setbacks before making a new discovery. Perseverance is also a key quality. (5) Respect for Diversity and Collaboration Demonstrate an ability to clearly communicate their ideas to others who think differently without becoming overly emotional. Being capable of successfully completing their duties and actively contributing to a team while respecting others. Expected Proficiency and Skill Level before Enrollment The Integrated Science Program offers integrated courses in social sciences and natural sciences. Applicants are expected to have broad knowledge in subjects offered in secondary education such as language and literature, English language, mathematics, and social sciences. In the Integrated Science Program, an early graduation system allows students to graduate in three years and six months, and all students study mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology at the post-secondary level in the first six months on the program. Therefore, prospective students are expected to have acquired basic knowledge in physics, chemistry, and biology in addition to mathematics before completing their secondary education. Purpose of Developing Human Resources In the era of Society 5.0, individuals who create value in academic research and in society are much sought after. Not just producing ideas, forming organizations or groups to turn those creative ideas into reality is equally important. We aim to nurture individuals who contribute to value creation in society. In our General Education Courses, which offer integrated humanities and sciences courses, students learn how to work on problems in society with no suitable solutions. They also learn business skills necessary for value creation in the generic skills courses. Through research in each of the natural science disciplines, we cultivate creativity as well as critical skills and capabilities necessary for a professional in academic or applied research. Selection Policy In the First Stage Selection, knowledge and comprehension in subjects offered in secondary education are reviewed through grades in secondary school, standardized test scores and a Letter of Recommendation. In the Second Stage Selection, thinking and self-expression skills, communication skills in English, initiative as well as basic knowledge and comprehension in mathematics and natural sciences are reviewed through an interview. Table of Contents 1. Purpose and Objective ................................................................................................................ 1 2. Applicants We Are Seeking ........................................................................................................ 1 3. School Affiliation ........................................................................................................................ 1 4. Student Intake ............................................................................................................................. 2 5. Application Schedule .................................................................................................................. 2 6. Application Qualifications and Requirements ............................................................................ 3 7. Application Procedures ............................................................................................................... 5 8. Preliminary Consultations Regarding Exam-related Issues ...................................................... 19 9. Selection Methods ..................................................................................................................... 20 10. Notifications of Results from First Stage Selection .................................................................. 21 11. Dates and Times of Second Stage Selection (Interviews) ........................................................ 21 12. Notification of Successful Applicants ....................................................................................... 21 13. Enrollment Procedures .............................................................................................................. 21 14. Announcement of Additional Successful Applicants ............................................................... 22 15. Enrollment Fee and Tuition Fees .............................................................................................. 22 16. Scholarship Programs ............................................................................................................... 22 17. Privacy Policy ........................................................................................................................... 23 18. Other.......................................................................................................................................... 25 *All dates and times in the Application Guidelines are listed in Japan Standard Time (JST) If any unforeseen event (such as disaster or disease outbreak) occurs, we may select applicants based on the admission qualifications or criteria, which are different from those described in these Application Guidelines. If we change the admissions qualifications or criteria, we will announce the details on our website. Hokkaido University's website > Integrated Science Program website: https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/isp/ Hokkaido University will accept applications of Self-Supported International Students (applying to the Integrated Science Program) online. Visit the Online Registration Site (https://e-apply.jp/ds/hokudai-gakubu2-eng/) to apply. To complete an application, you will need: (1) a scanner (for scanning Application Documents); and (2) an email address (for receiving a confirmation email sent after the payment of the application fee and other notices from us). See pages 5-19 for details about application procedures. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 1 1．Purpose and Objective The Integrated Science Program is a cross-disciplinary course in the sciences designed to deepen students' foundational scientific understanding and expertise. The goal of this program is to instill ingenuity in its participants, enabling them to establish, manage, and contribute meaningfully within the industries they pursue after graduation. At present, there is strong demand in academic research and society at large for individuals who can not only come up with ideas and creative solutions but carry them into reality by building the organizational structures needed to support them. The Integrated Science Program is designed to prepare students to meet this demand. While the Integrated Science Program is a science education program aimed at international students and generally comprised of a four -year Bachelor's degree followed by an additional two- year Master's degree, Hokkaido University has introduced an advanced graduation initiative. Motivated students who choose to undertake the program through the advanced graduation track will have the opportunity to graduate from each course half a year in advance of the usual track (Bachelor's in 3.5 years and Master's in 1.5 years). 2．Applicants We Are Seeking The Integrated Science Program is best suited for prospective students that exhibit:  A passion for studying a broad range of subjects across the natural sciences;  An inclination to major in a discipline of the natural sciences (physics, chemistry or biology);  Enthusiasm to live and study in a multicultural/multilingual environment;  A drive to contribute to the wider global society by building a future career as an international specialist or researcher with a rich background knowledge based in the natural sciences. 3．School Affiliation During the Bachelor's component, the students will be affiliated with a department within the School of Science: Department of Physics, Chemistry, and Biological Sciences (Division of Biology) . Following the completion of the Bachelor of Science degree program, students will move on to the Master's program which will be hosted by one of the many graduate schools at Hokkaido University (e.g. Graduate School of Science, Chemical Science and Engineering, Life Science, Engineering, Environmental Science, Agriculture). Students will select the school themselves, with each graduate school requiring an entrance examination for admittance. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 2 4．Student Intake Students are selected as indicated in the chart below. Applicants choose one of the selection categories at the time of application. Selection Category Student Intake Overview Selection for Physics-oriented Students Several students Applicants will be assessed over their knowledge of natural sciences and mathematics with a focus on physics in the Second Stage Selection Selection for Chemistry-oriented Students Several students Applicants will be assessed over their knowledge of natural sciences and mathematics with a focus on chemistry in the Second Stage Selection. Selection for Biology-oriented Students Several students Applicants will be assessed over their knowledge of natural sciences and mathematics with a focus on biology in the Second Stage Selection Six months after enrollment , students will be assigned to a specific department based upon individual's interest, grades, and credits accumulated during that time. 5．Application Schedule Application Schedule and Deadline Date and Time/Period (JST) Online Registration Period November 12, 2026 (Thu.) at 10:00 a.m. - November 20, 2026 (Fri.) at 5:00 p.m. Deadline for Arrival of Letter of Recommendation at University (Form 5) No later than 5:00 p.m. on December 4, 2026 (Fri.) Notification of Results from First Stage Selection February 10, 2027 (Wed.) at 3:00 p.m. (expected) Second Stage Selection (online interview) Date and time designated by Hokkaido University between February 16, 2027 (Tue.) - March 2, 2027 (Tue.) Notification of Successful Applicants March 23, 2027 (Tue.) at 3:00 p.m. (expected) Deadline for Confirmation of Intention to Enroll/ Deadline for Shipment of Original Application Documents In late March 2027 (expected) Enrollment Document Submission Deadline June 2027 (expected) Enrollment October 2027 Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 3 6．Application Qualifications and Requirements Individuals who have Japanese citizenship or Japanese permanent resident status are not eligible to apply. (1) Application Qualifications: Applicants must meet one of the following qualifications at the time of application: 1. Individuals who have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years of school education in a country other than Japan by September 30, 2027 (see Note 1 on page 4). 2. Individuals who are equivalent to those who meet qualification 1 above and have been designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (see Note 2 on page 4). 3. Individuals w ho hold, or are expected to hold, an International Baccalaureate Diploma in a country other than Japan by September 30, 2027, awarded by the International Baccalaureate, a foundation pursuant to the Swiss Civil Code. 4. Individuals who hold an Abitur, a degree recognized as a qualification for university admission throughout Germany. 5. Individuals who hold a baccalauréat, a degree recognized as a qualification for university admission in France. 6. Individuals who hold General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced Level's (A Levels) recognized as a qualification for university admission in the UK. 7. Individuals who hold International General Certificate of Education (IGCE) Advanced Level's (International A Levels) recognized as a qualification for university admission in the UK. 8. Individuals who hold a European Baccalaureate recognized as a qualification for university admission in the European Union. 9. Individuals who have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years of school education at an educational institution that has accreditation from the Western Association of Schools & Colleges (WASC), the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI), the Council of International Schools (CIS), the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC), Cognia, or Council of British International Schools (COBIS) by September 30, 2027. Note 1: The "12 years of school education" must be 12 years of formal school education in the education system of the country or region where an educational institution is located. Also, it includes coursework completed pursuant to Japan's School Education Act. Note 2: "Individuals who are equivalent to those who meet qualification 1 above and have been designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology" include the following: a. Individuals who have passed a national exam in a country other than Japan to determine whether they have the same level of academic ability as an individual who has completed 12 years of school education in that country (including an exam equivalent to the national exam), and will be at least Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 4 18 years of age by September 30, 2027. b. Individuals who, after completing a level of school education in a country other than Japan equivalent to a Japanese high school education (including those who have passed an exam in that country to determine whether they have academic ability equivalent t o those of a high school graduate), have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university at one of the educational facilities designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. c. Individuals who have completed, or expect to have completed, a foreign education equivalent to a Japanese high school education (and deemed to be equivalent to 12 years of school education completed in that country) at an institution located in Japan and recognized under the educational system of that country by September 30, 2027. d. Individuals who, after completing a foreign education equivalent to a Japanese high school education (excluding cases deemed to be equivalent to 12 years of school education completed in that country) at an institution located in Japan and recognized under the educational system of that country, have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university at one of the educational facilities stated in b above. e. Individuals who have com pleted, or are expected to complete, a level of school education in a country other than Japan equivalent to a Japanese high school education (and deemed to be equivalent to 11 years or more of school education completed in that country and which fulfill the requirements designated by the Ja panese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology) at one of the educational facilities designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology by September 30, 2027. (2) Requirements: Applicants must meet all of the following requirements: 1. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualifications 1, 2 (Note 2- e) or 9 above must have been enrolled, or be expected, to be enrolled at schools for at least two consecutive years, including their final school year. 2. Individuals must fulfill either following a or b (English Proficiency Requirements) a. Individuals who have received, or are expected to receive, four years or more of their secondary education (at junior or senior high school, etc.), or higher education (at university or college) in English as their primary language of instruction by September 30, 2027. Note: Having learned English as a foreign language subject for four years or more does not satisfy the above requirement. b. Individuals who have achieved the following scores if they do not fulfill 2a.: ・ TOEFL-iBT (including Home Edition): Band Score 4 or higher, or 79 or higher on a scoring scale of 0-120 (Only Test Date Scores will be accepted ('My Best Scores' will NOT be accepted)). ・ IELTS (Academic Module): 6.0 or higher Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 5 ・ Duolingo English Test: 110 or higher Note: Only test results from tests taken within two years of the Online Registration deadline will be accepted. (3) Other Applicants must submit their scores for standardized examinations not already listed in (2) above, if there is such an examination for university admissions in their own country. In addition, applicants must submit a copy of their score reports or a copy of the Examination Voucher, if applicants took examinations on science and mathematics (course 2) in the Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU) by the Independent Administrative Institution Japan Student Services Organization. (Only if the test results are available within the Online Registration Period.) 7．Application Procedures (1) Application Period 1. Online Registration Period: November 12, 2026 (Thu.) at 10:00 a.m. - November 20, 2026 (Fri.) at 5:00 p.m. (JST) 2. Deadline for Arrival of Letter of Recommendation at University (Form 5): No later than 5:00 p.m. on December 4, 2026 (Fri.) (JST) Note 1: The Letter of Recommendation must be posted by the recommender no later than November 20, 2026 (Fri.) at 5:00 p.m. (JST). Note 2: As applicants are required to enter the tracking number of the Letter of Recommendation sent directly by their recommender when completing the online application, please ensure that your recommender prepares and posts the letter within the Online Registration Period. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 6 (2) Application Documents Number Application Documents Notes Submission Method 1 Application form Enter requested information on the Online Registration Site. When you enter requested information on the Online Registration Site and pay the application fee, your Application Documents will be sent to the university online. 2 Photo of applicant Upload a photo (equal to or less than 10MB) taken within three months of the application. The photo should present a full front view of face, neck and shoulders without hat or head covering. 【Note】For identity verification purpose, please do not edit your photo. 3 Checklist (Form 1) Download the form from The Integrated Science Program website, enter requested information and upload the completed form. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 4 Educational background Form (Form 2) Download the form from The Integrated Science Program website, enter requested information and upload the completed form. 5 Certificate indicating that you are qualified to apply for admission and a transcript Upload the documents listed in a -j (below) according to the Application Qualifications that you meet. 【Notes】 1. Certificates indicating school performance/grades listed below must be official and issued by the principal or head of the school or institution. Unofficial documents will not be accepted. 2. If you are unable to submit an original document because it is the only one you have, upload a Certified True Copy issued by the principal or head of the school or institution instead of the original one on the Online Registration Site and submit it after receiving an admissions offer. Application Documents submitted to the university will not be returned for any reason. 3. Transcripts need to include subjects, grades and grading scales. If transcripts do not include grading scales, attach the materials that show grading scales such as official documents issued by transcript issuing institutions (e.g. your high/upper secondar y school) and printout of the official website of the relevant issuing institutions. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 7 4. If course names and grades on certificates or transcripts are indicated using codes or abbreviations, an explanation of those items must be provided. 5. Certificates that do not meet the application requirements will not be accepted. Example: An applicant who has already graduated from high school submitting a certificate of expected graduation. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. a. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 1, 2 (Note 2-e), or 9:  Certificate of graduation/course completion or a certificate of expected graduation/course completion (Form 3) (▲) *Certificate prepared by the principal or head of the high/upper secondary school or course.  Official School Transcripts (▲) *Transcripts prepared by the principal or head of the high/upper secondary school or course which you most recently graduated from/completed *Transcripts covering the entire time at high/upper secondary school from the first year to graduation or most recent semester *Transcripts from all high/upper secondary schools if you transferred b. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 2 (Note2-a):  A certificate indicating that you passed the exam (▲)  A transcript (▲) c. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 2 (Note2-b):  A certificate indicating that you completed a level of school education in a country other than Japan equivalent to a Japanese high school education (▲)  A certificate indicating that you have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university (▲)  Transcripts (▲) Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 8 d. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 2 (Note2- c) or (Note2-d):  A certificate indicating that you have completed, or expect to have completed, a foreign education equivalent to a Japanese high school education at an institution located in Japan and recognized under the educational system of that country (▲)  A certificate indicating that you have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university (▲)  Transcripts (▲) Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. e. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 3: <For those who hold an IB Diploma>  A copy of your International Baccalaureate Diploma issued by the International Baccalaureate Office  The official IB transcript of grades * In addition to uploading a copy of the official IB transcript of grades (sent to you), arrange for the International Baccalaureate Office to send an official paper transcript directly to the Office of Admissions (see page 17), which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. <For those who are expected to hold an IB Diploma in January 2027 or July 2027>  A certificate from the principal or head of the school or institution indicating that you are expected to be awarded an IB Diploma in January 2027 or July 2027 (▲) 【Note】 The certificate without expected date of award will not be accepted.  Predicted Grades or Anticipated Grades (▲) f. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 4:  A copy of your Abitur certificate (Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife)  A transcript (▲) Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 9 g. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 5:  A copy of your baccalauréat diploma (Diplôme du Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement du Second Degré)  A transcript (Relevé des Notes) (▲) Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. h. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 6:  Test results certificate for A -levels/ General Certificate of Education (GCE) (▲) 【Notes】 1. Predicted scores issued by the school cannot be substituted for "Test results certificate for A-levels/ General Certificate of Education (GCE)". 2. Those who only hold General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) or General Certificate of Education Advanced Subsidiary (AS-Levels) do not fulfill Application Qualification 6. i. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 7:  Test results certificate for A -levels / International General Certificate of Education (IGCE) (▲) 【Notes】 1. Predicted scores issued by the school cannot be substituted for "Test results certificate for A -levels / International General Certificate of Education (IGCE)". 2. Those who only hold International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) or International General Certificate of Education Advanced Subsidiary (International AS-Levels) do not fulfill Application Qualification 7. j. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 8:  A copy of your European Baccalaureate Certificate  A transcript (▲) Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 10 6 Certificate of English language proficiency Submit one of the following a-d. Regarding a, b and c, test results must be from within two years of the Online Registration deadline. a. TOEFL-iBT (including Home Edition) Official Score Report/Institutional Score Report *In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you), arrange for the administrative organization to electronically send a copy of the score report directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. T he institution code for the Hokkaido University Integrated Science Program is B610. *Only Test Date Scores will be accepted ('My Best Scores' will NOT be accepted). b. IELTS Test Report Form *In addition to uploading a copy of the Test Report Form (sent to you), arrange for the administrative organization to electronically send a copy of the Test Report Form directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. When making a request, please provide the following information. c. Duolingo English Test Examination Results *In addition to uploading a copy of the examination results (sent to you), arrange for the administrative organization to electronically send a copy of the examination results directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. d. Certificate of Primary Language of Instruction *Upload a certificate specifying you have received four years or more of their secondary education or higher education in English as the primary language of instruction. (any format) Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 11 【Notes】 1. If Form 3 submitted as proof of eligibility to apply or a transcript specifies that you have received four years or more of secondary education or higher education in English as the primary language of instruction, you do not need to submit a Certificate of Primary Language of Instruction in addition. 2. If it is not possible to submit the Certificate of Primary Language of Instruction stating only English as the Primary Language of Instruction due to reasons such as your school offering instruction in more than two languages, you are required to submit the designated English proficiency test score as specified in a, b or c. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 7 National or other standardized test score reports Individuals who have taken the following national or other standardized tests for university admission or for completion of secondary education in their own country.must submit score reports for them. There are no subject and grade requirements for application. a. Exams administered by educational institutions in the US (1) Score reports for the following exams administered by the College Board (CB).  SAT/AP * In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you), arrange for the administrative organization to electronically send a copy of the score report directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. Th e CB code for the Hokkaido University Integrated Science Program is 7944. Please note that this code is shared with the Modern Japanese Studies Program. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 12 (2) Score reports for the following exams administered by the American College Testing Program (ACT)  ACT-Examination. * In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you), arrange for the administrative organization to electronically send a copy of the score report directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. The institution code for the Hokkaido University is 8000. Please note that this code is shared with the Modern Japanese Studies Program. b. Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU)  A copy of score report or a copy of Examination V oucher for examinations on science and mathematics (course 2) in the Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU) by Independent Administrative Institution Japan Student Services Organization. c. Exams administered by educational institutions in other countries  In countries with a standardized test, test results certificates from that standardized test (▲)  Materials providing an overview of that test Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 8 Proof of nationality Upload a copy of valid passport (the page showing your photo, name, date of birth, gender, nationality, passport number and date of expiry). If you have a valid Japanese visa, upload a copy of the visa. If you do not have a passport, upload a copy of identification (specifying the page showing your photo, name, date of birth, gender and nationality in English) issued by a government office or other public institution. 【Note】 Applications will not be accepted if nationality cannot be verified. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 13 9 Proof of residency If you have residency in Japan at the time of application , upload a double-sided copy of the Residence Card or any other proof of residency. *Those who have Japanese permanent resident status are not eligible to apply for the Integrated Science Program Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 10 Personal statement (Form 4) Download the form from the Integrated Science Program website, enter requested information and upload the completed form. Professional proofreading is strictly prohibited for these documents. 11 Other Individuals who have graduated or withdrawn from higher education institutions (e.g. university and college) and those who are currently enrolled in it  A certificate of graduation, a certificate of withdrawal or a certificate of enrollment from higher education (any format) (▲)  A transcript covering the entire time at higher education from the first year to graduation or most recent semester (▲) 【Note】Transcripts from all higher educational institutions are required if you have graduated, withdrawn from or enrolled in multiple higher educational institutions. 12 Letter of Recommendation (Form 5) Download the form from the Integrated Science Program website and submit it according to the instructions. It must be completed by a teacher from the high school you attend or previously attended who knows your academic performance well. Those who have gra duated (or withdrawn) from a university or those who are enrolled in a university can submit a Letter of Recommendation written by a university supervisor who knows your academic performance well, however, a Letter of Recommendation from high school teache r is generally preferred. If a teacher/supervisor is your relative or friend, you must ask another teacher/supervisor to complete your Letter of Recommendation. The Letter of Recommendation must be submitted to the Office of Admissions directly by the recommender with the official school/institutional stamp, signed and sealed by the recommender, so it will arrive on or before December 4, 2026 (Fri.), 5:00 p.m. (JS T) Recommender must submit to the office of admission directly. Send in a sealed envelope by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details). Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 14 Send the Letter of Recommendation by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details). 【Notes】 1. The Letter of Recommendation must be written in the designated format (Form 5). No other formats will be accepted. 2. Only one Letter of Recommendation from the recommender registered on the Online Registration Site will be accepted as an Application Document. 3. In exceptional circumstances when you cannot ask the person mentioned above, contact the Office of Admissions via email before the Online Registration Period begins. 4. The Letter of Recommendation will be accepted only via postal mail from the recommender. Do not upload it to the Online Registration Site. 5. Inquiries confirming the arrival of the Letter of Recommendation will not be answered. Please check the tracking number yourself. Recommender must submit to the office of admission directly.Send in a sealed envelope by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details). Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 15 13 Application Fee ¥5,000 Methods of paying the application fee: The application fee should be paid according to the instructions provided on the payment screen shown after your Online Registration has been submitted. Payment methods are shown below (see 6. "Select the Payment Method and Pay the Application Fee" of the section (3) on page 18). a. Credit card: Visa, Mastercard, JCB, American Express, etc. b. Post Office/bank ATM, online banking or convenience store payment (in Japan only). c. ChinaPay 【Notes】 1. Please be aware that payments cannot be made via ordinary bank transfer or cash. 2. The customer's copy of the receipt or payment completion e -mail issued when the payment was made should be kept as the applicant's proof of payment. Application fee refund: Refunds of application fees already paid will not be issued for any reason except the following. Those eligible for an application fee refund are:  Individuals who accidentally paid the application fee twice will receive a refund equivalent to one application fee. For information on requesting a refund, e -mail the Office of Admissions. Complete the payment on the Online Registration Site. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 16 Instructions for Preparing Application Documents  Upload your Application Documents except for the Letter of Recommendation in PDF format on the Online Registration Site.  Incomplete or insufficient Application Documents will not be accepted. Make sure there is no error or missing information in your Application Documents.  The Office of Admissions may contact you via email to inquire about your Application Documents. Check your inbox of the registered email address frequently including the spam folder as your application will not be accepted without your reply.  If you are unable to submit an original document because it is the only one you have, upload a Certified True Copy issued by the principal or head of the school or institution instead of the original one on the Online Registration Site and submit it after receiving an admission offer. A pplication Documents submitted to the university will not be returned for any reason.  Prepare documents necessary for the application before submitting your Online Registration. Request documents necessary to be sent directly from the test administration organization.  If false information is discovered in your application, your admission may be canceled.  Transcripts, score reports and other certificates must include the official seal of the issuing institution or signature of the issuing institution's representative.  Keep the original Application Documents as you will be required to submit the original Application Documents with the official seal or signature (marked with ▲ on pages 7-13) soon after your Confirmation of Intention to Enroll if you receive an admissions offer. If you received the certificate or transcript digitally from your school or issuing institutions and uploaded it when you applied, please obtain the paper -based original of it as well before Notification of Successful Applicants and post it to the Office of Admissions after receiving an admissions offer. Please note that a printout of the digital file of the certificate or transcript you received cannot be accepted.  If the grades or oth er academic information you upload at the time of application do not match the original certificates you submit after receiving an admission offer, your admission may be canceled.  Submit all Application Documents in English or Japanese. Application D ocuments in any other language must be accompanied by an English or Japanese translation prepared by your school (including Japanese language schools), an embassy or other government agency.  Documents not listed as Application Documents will not be accepted. Please note that these documents will not be returned for any reason.  Withdrawal of application after payment of Application Fee is not allowed. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 17 (3) How to Apply 1. Download Application Documents Download Forms 1 to 5 from the following website and enter information according to the instructions: The Integrated Science Program website > For Prospective Students > How to Apply (https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/isp/prospective-students/how-to-apply/). 2. Submit Letter of Recommendation (Form 5) The Letter of R ecommendation (Form 5) must be submitted via postal airmail from the recommender. Request the recommender to write the Letter of Recommendation well in advance to ensure they can submit it within the Online Registration Period. Send it in a sealed envelope to the address below by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details ). (Only submissions sent directly from the recommender will be accepted.) In case of misdelivery y ou will be asked to provide the tracking number when you submit your application on the Online Registration Site. (as described in 5. below). Send the "Letter of Recommendation" in 2. to the following address: Office of Admissions, Hokkaido University Kita 17, Nishi 8, Kita-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan 060-0817 3. Request Test Administration Organizations to Send Documents (Score Reports etc.) Directly to Hokkaido University. In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you) , you must request the test administration organizations to send the following documents directly to the university. Note that it may take some time for the scores to reach Hokkaido University after you request the scores to be sent from the test administration organizations . Ensure that all documents sent directly to Hokkaido University are submitted so that they arrive within the Online Registration Period. See "(2) Application Documents" above for details about the procedures. Also, when requesting test administration organizations to send them on paper, please refer to the address above in "2. Submit Letter of Recommendation". *Documents to be sent electronically: • TOEFL-iBT (including Home Edition) Official Score Report/Institutional Score Report • IELTS Test Report Form • SAT/AP score report • ACT-Examination score report • Duolingo English Test Examination Results *Documents to be sent on paper: • Official IB transcripts of grades Note: Applications will not be accepted unless both the online upload and the direct submission from the issuing organization have been completed. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 18 4. Prepare Data for Uploading Combine the scanned Application Documents (Numbers 3-11) into one PDF file in the order of document number to prepare data for uploading. The maximum file upload size is 100MB. Keep the Application Documents as you will be requested to submit the original Application Documents with the official seal or signature (marked with ▲on pages 7-13) afterreceiving an admissions offer. If you received the certificate or transcript digitally from your school or issuing institutions and uploaded it when you applied, please obtain the paper-based original of it as well before admission and post it to the Office of Admissions after receiving an admissions offer . Please note that a printout of the digital file of the certificate or transcript you received cannot be accepted. 5. Submit Application Online Visit the Online Registration Site (https://e-apply.jp/ds/hokudai-gakubu2-eng/) during the Online Registration Period. Enter requested information and upload the Application Documents (Numbers 3-11) prepared under 4. above. 6. Select the Payment Method and Pay the Application Fee Make your payment by following the instructions on the payment screen shown after your online application has been submitted. The information needed for making a payment and the payment procedures differ according to the payment method, so be sure to follow the on- screen instructions. a. Payment by credit card : Enter your credit card number, expiration date, cardholder's name, and security code. b. Post Office/bank ATM, online banking or convenience store payment (in Japan only). Post Office/bank ATM : Bring the payment code, application number, and confirmation number issued after you select your preferred payment method and make your payment at a Pay-easy-compatible ATM. Convenience store: Bring the application number, confirmation number and online payment number shown on the payment instructions, and make your payment at a convenience store (payments can be made at Seven -Eleven, Lawson, Family Mart, Ministop, Daily Yamazaki and Seico Mart in Japan.). Online Banking: Follow the instructions shown on the screen. c. ChinaPay: On the online payment screen of any bank, enter the payment information, such as your bank account number, expiration date, and password, to make your payment. 7. Complete Your Application Your application is complete when you pay the application fee and your Letter of Recommendation arrives at the Office of Admissions. Make sure you receive a confirmation email sent after the payment of the application fee. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 19 (4) Notification of Application Number When your Application Documents are reviewed and your application is accepted, you will receive an email regarding the Application Number in early February 2027 (expected). (5) Other Application Information 1. If your application information changes after submitting your application online, please contact the Office of Admissions at the address given below. 2. If you have any questions regarding your application eligibility, please contact the Office of Admissions before submitting your Application Documents. 8. Preliminary Consultations Regarding Exam-related Issues Applicants who are expecting to have special needs during either the application process or as students on the program should contact the Office of Admissions by October 30, 2026 (Fri.). Please be aware that depending on the nature and time frame of your request, we may not be able to make necessary accommodations by the exam date. Consultations regarding other exam-related and class-related issues are accepted all throughout the year. Inquiries Regarding the Online Application Procedure (Instructions and Methods of Payment) If you encounter any technical problems during the online application, inquiries can be made via e-mail to the Technical Assistance Center at this email address: cvs-web@career-tasu.co.jp Inquiries Regarding Admissions and Examinations If you encounter any problems or questions regarding admissions and examinations, inquiries can be made via e-mail to the Office of Admissions, Hokkaido University at this email address: adm-isp@academic.hokudai.ac.jp * Any Iinquiries into the results/status of the screening process or arrival of mailed documents will not be answered. Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 20 9. Selection Methods Students will be selected based on a comprehensive evaluation of their Application Documents and their interview results. 1. First Stage Selection Applicants are first screened based on their A pplication Documents. Those who have passed the First Stage Selection process will proceed to the Second Stage Selection. 2. Second Stage Selection Online interviews will be conducted to those who have passed the First Stage Selection process and they will be considered for admission based on a comprehensive evaluation. Questions will be asked in order to confirm applicant's academic ability. ・ Topics/Subjects which are asked in the interviews Selection Category Topics/Subjects Main Subject Other Subjects Selection for Physicsoriented Students Physics Chemistry, Biology and Mathematics Selection for Chemistryoriented Students Chemistry Physics, Biology and Mathematics Selection for Biologyoriented Students Biology Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics *Main Subject: Applicant's advanced knowledge and comprehension on this subject will be confirmed. *Other Subjects: Applicants will be asked questions on some subjects above based on their learning backgrounds and experiences. Scoring Transcripts, Standardized test results certificate for national exams, other relevant exams and Letter of Recommendation, etc. 100 points Scoring Interview 100 points Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 21 10. Notifications of Results from First Stage Selection The results will be posted on the Integrated Science Program website (https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/isp/) on February 10, 2027 (Wed.) at 3:00 p.m. (JST) (expected). Inquiries into the results/status of the screening process via phone or e-mail will not be answered. 11. Dates and Times of Second Stage Selection (Interviews) Dates of interviews: February 16, 2027 (Tue.) - March 2, 2027 (Tue.) Notes:  Applicants who have passed the First Stage Selection will be informed of the interview schedule for the Second Stage Selection.  All interviews will be recorded to prevent fraud. The recorded data will be used only for interview selection and retained for a certain period of time.  If you will be absent from the interview, please contact the Office of Admissions of Hokkaido University （ E-mail ： adm-mjsp@academic.hokudai.ac.jp ） as soon as possible by the designated day via email, including your Application Number, name and the reason fo r being absent on the message. Please note that once you have notified us of your absence, the notice cannot be withdrawn. 12. Notification of Successful Applicants (1) Schedule March 23, 2027 (Tue.) at 3:00 p.m. (JST) (expected) (2) Notification method The Application Numbers of successful applicants will be posted on the Integrated Science Program website (https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/ isp/) and s uccessful applicants will be notified by Notification of Acceptance on the O nline Registration Site. Inquiries into the results/status of the screening process via phone or e-mail will not be answered. *Students admitted to Hokkaido University's Undergraduate Courses, the Modern Japanese Studies Program or International Qualification -Based Admission, who complete the enrollment procedures, will not be accepted into the Integrated Science Program. 13. Enrollment Procedures Deadline for Confirmation of Intention to Enroll will be in late March 2027 (expected). *Successful applicants must submit the original Application Documents (marked with ▲ on pages Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 22 7-13) by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details), by the Deadline for Confirmation of Intention to Enroll, and notify the Office of Admissions of the shipping information. *Detailed enrollment procedure information will be provided to successful applicants at a later date. 14. Announcement of Additional Successful Applicants If there is a vacancy, additional successful applicants might be accepted. Inquiries into the status of the selection process via phone or e-mail will not be answered. (1) Schedule Early April 2027 - June 30, 2027 (Wed.) (2) Notification method After your Confirmation of Intention to Enroll in the Integrated Science Program via email, you will receive the Notification of Acceptance and documents for enrollment procedures. 15. Enrollment and Tuition Fees Enrollment fee Tuition fees Integrated Science Program (Bachelor's Degree) ¥282,000 ¥535,800 (per year) Integrated Science Program (Master's Degree) ¥282,000 ¥535,800 (per year) *The above enrollment and tuition fees are subject to change. If they are revised before admission or during enrollment, the new amount will apply with immediate effect from the time of revision. *Applicants who withdraw from enrollment after confirming their intent ion to enroll may be required to pay the enrollment fee, as they will no longer be eligible for the fee waiver. *The full amount of the enrollment fee will be waived for students enrolling in the Bachelor's degree in the Integrated Science Program in October 2027. *For the Integrated Science Program scholarships pertaining to tuition fees, please refer to "16. Scholarship Programs". 16. Scholarship Programs (1) Hokkaido University has a scholarship program (the Integrated Science Program Scholarship Program) for students enrolling in the Integrated Science Program. Details of that program are Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 23 outlined below. a. Enrollment fee The university will waive the entire enrollment fee for the Bachelor's degree for students enrolling in October 2027. b. Tuition fees (i) We will waive the tuition fee for the first semester (October 2027 - March 2028) of the Bachelor's degree for students enrolling in October 2027. (ii) After the first semester, selection will be made on an annual basis, and tuition fees for one year or half a year will be waived. Please note such waiver is not offered to all students. Notes: 1. The full waiver of the enrollment fee and tuition fee for the first semester is available to all ISP students 2. This scholarship program is available during the initial 3.5 years of the Bachelor's degree and it is expected to be applicable to the Master's degree program. (2) If the Integrated Science Program is selected by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Science, Sports and Technology (MEXT) for the Japanese Government Scholarship Student Priority Placement Program, up to 4 students enrolled in October 2027 may be selected to be Japanese Government Scholarship Students (University Recommendation, [Special Selection]) (Subject to change.) (3) In the case that student s are not awarded a scholarship (1) or (2) , they will be required to pay the tuition fees in full. However, students may apply for a full, half, or quarter tuition waiver if they are facing hardship in paying their tuition fees for financial reasons and have demonstrated outstanding academic performance. (4) In addition, there are scholarships available from private organizations, and those who wish to apply for such programs may apply for scholarships after being admitted to the Integrated Science Program. Details on how to apply for these scholarships will be disseminated after enrollment. 17. Privacy Policy (1) All personal information collected by Hokkaido University will be completely protected in compliance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) pursuant to the Hokkaido University Regulat ions on Personal Information Management. (2) Your n ame, address, and other personal information you provide to the university through application and individual admissions screening processes will be used solely for ① enrollee Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 24 selection (application processing and the screening process), ② the announcement of exam results, ③ admission procedures, ④ surveys and research on enrollee selection methods, and ⑤ other related processes. (3) The personal information in section (2) above will also be used after enrollment, only for those who pass the exam, for processes related to ① academic affairs (registration, academic guidance), ② student support services (health management, scholarship applications, dorm admission selection, welfare services, etc.), ③ job search support services, ④ tuition, ⑤ use of the university library, ⑥ use of information education facilities, ⑦ confirming your safety and communication in a disaster or emergency situation, and ⑧ public relations (distributing newsletters, information on events, etc.). (4) Personal information contained in exam results will be used to conduct surveys and research on enrollee selection methods. (5) For recruiting purposes, when we receive a request for information from the Hokkaido University Frontier Foundation or any of the following university- affiliated organizations listed below, the only personal information listed in section (2) will be provided for use withi n the scope of that organization's activities.① Faculty Alumni Associations, ②Hokkaido University Elm Alumni Association. (6) The personal information set forth in (2) will be retained for five years from the next academic year of our acquirement. (7) The university shall use Article 6, Paragraph 1 (a) of the EU GDPR as the basis for handling personal information and obtaining consent to use it. Personal information will only be used for the purpose for which consent has been given, except when required by laws and regulations. (8) The consent set forth in (7) may be revoked at any time. However, this does not affect the legal handling of personal information before consent was revoked. (9) Individuals who provide personal information may make the following requests to the university based on the EU GDPR and related laws and regulations: ① Disclosure of personal information，② Correction of personal information，③ Erasure of personal information，④ Limitation of the handling of personal information, ⑤ Objection to the handling of personal information，⑥ Transfer of personal information to other service providers. (10) If you have provided personal information within the European Economic Area, you may file an objection to a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 51, Paragraph 1 of the EU GDPR if you are dissatisfied with the university's handling of your personal information, etc. (11) Some of the processes in (2) －(5) mentioned above may be outsourced by the university to a contracted service provider (hereinafter referred to as "contractor"). All or some of the personal information provided by applicants may be provided to the contractor only as needed to perform the tasks for which it has been contracted. <Contractor List (Address, Contact Information)> - Career-tasu, Inc. (2-5-1 Koraku, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. Telephone: +81-(0)3-5804-5500). Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 25 18. Other (1) Housing Students on this program usually spend their first six months in Japan living in student dorms. For more information about the student dorms, please refer to our website （https://www.global.ho kudai.ac.jp/campus-life/student-dormitories/）. When you apply for housing, you can choose the housing in which you wish to live. However, you may be assigned to housing that was not your choice . The boarding fee described on the website above is subject to change. (2) Health and Hygiene Hokkaido University has a health care center to promote student health and hygiene. It offers routine health checkups as well as everyday health management and advice. The center also offers diagnoses, health consultations, and counseling by physicians specializing in internal medicine and mental health care. (3) Student Support Facilities The Sapporo campus is home to such facilities as the Clark Memorial Student Center, Chuo Shokudo (cafeteria), Welfare Facility, Faculty of Engineering Cafeteria, and Faculty of Agriculture Cafeteria. It offers convenient daily access to meals, books, supplies, and other amenities. (4) International Student Support Hokkaido University provides a wide range of services for international students such as a Counselling Service, and a Student Support Desk in which experienced international students provide consultation in various languages. Also, the Integrated Science Program has various academic support systems, such as a homeroom and homeroom-teacher system. (5) Part-time Jobs Those who want to work part-time to help cover their study expenses and other costs must apply for permission to engage in non- specified activities from the Immigration Services Bureau before starting a job. However, applicants are strongly advised against assuming that tuition fees and living expenses incurred while studying on the Integrated Science Program can be largely or completely paid for by working part-time while on the program. (6) Visa / Certificate of Eligibility (COE) International students who will enroll in Hokkaido University need to obtain a student visa to enter Japan. To apply for and obtain a student visa, Certificate of Eligibility (COE) is required. It may take more than three months for a COE to be issued. Refer to the following website for the procedures to obtain a student visa. https://intl-student-handbook.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/en/preparation-en/visa-en Hokkaido University's Integrated Science Program, Application Guidelines, 2027 - 26 (7) Security Export Control Based on the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act, the University has established the Hokkaido University Security Export Control Regulations, which strictly examine the export of goods and the provision of technology and skills (including the acceptance of incoming international students). -If you are subject to these regulations, you may be restricted from learning or conducing research in your desired fields of education. -For further details of regulations regarding Security Export Control, please refer to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) website below. Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry website: https://www.meti.go.jp/policy/anpo/