Skip to main content Select campus: UK Dubai University of Birmingham Search Menu Open menu Home Study International study When you choose Birmingham, you are choosing to study at an outstanding University, renowned for changing lives and transforming society. Select search Search Search Now is the time Watch the video Why choose Birmingham? Our high-quality teaching and supervision here at Birmingham will help you take your knowledge, skills and career to the next level. Here, you'll be engaged, motivated and challenged, and become a part of our diverse and inclusive community. This is your time. This is your place. We are named Daily Mail University of the Year 2027 , for our excellence in student outcomes and experience, educational innovation, and investment in the future. We are one of the most targeted UK universities by top graduate employers ( High Fliers Graduate Market in 2026 ) Our local, national and international employer connections will help you develop your skills while studying We are a Russell Group research university, ranked at 68th in the top 100 universities in the world ( QS World University Rankings 2027) Your journey to Birmingham A comprehensive timeline of the application process for international students and their journey to Birmingham. Scholarships and funding opportunities Explore our wide variety of scholarships available for international students. International tuition fees Explore the fees and funding opportunities to help you with your studies here at University of Birmingham Go to previous item Go to next item Study Abroad and Exchange Explore our study abroad and exchange programmes for incoming students to the University of Birmingham. Events for international students International student experience Explore what life is like living in Birmingham, from spaces on campus, to the wide range of support we offer for our international students. Go to previous item Go to next item Birmingham International Academy Your country information International student country pages Student Visas Visa and immigration information for International students. Go to previous item Go to next item Hear from our students and alumni Discover student stories and real experiences from life at the University of Birmingham. Information for sponsors and counsellors Supporting sponsors Welcome to the University of Birmingham's dedicated page for sponsors of international students. Supporting international schools Information for supporting international school counsellors. Go to previous item Go to next item Edgbaston Birmingham, B15 2TT United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 414 3344 University of Birmingham Instagram page University of Birmingham LinkedIn page University of Birmingham Twitter page University of Birmingham Facebook page University of Birmingham TikTok page University of Birmingham Weibo page University of Birmingham We Chat University of Birmingham YouTube page Global Footprint Discover our global engagement Culture and collections Schools, institutes and departments Services and facilities Privacy Legal Modern slavery Accessibility Staff Intranet (auth required) Student Intranet Canvas Learning Environment Publication scheme Information for applicants Freedom of information Charitable information Cookies and cookie policy Website feedback Contact information © University of Birmingham 2026