Skip to main content Select campus: UK Dubai University of Birmingham Search Menu Open menu Home Study Undergraduate study How to apply Entry requirements International entry requirements We welcome undergraduate applications from all candidates offering A level or equivalent overseas qualifications (including the International Baccalaureate or a recognised Foundation Programme). All candidates must achieve appropriate grades in their examinations. Academic requirements The A level requirements are listed under the 'entry requirements' tab on the relevant course page in our course finder. To find out what the grade requirements would be for a qualification that you have studied in your own country, please select your country from the drop-down list on the relevant course page, or see your individual country page for information. English language requirements In order to undertake a programme of study here at the University, you will need to demonstrate that you have a suitable level of English proficiency. You can demonstrate your level of English with any of the qualifications stated below. The sections below will tell you what grades you need in these qualifications for the subject area you want to study. English tests/qualifications normally need to have been taken within two years of the start date of your programme. Proof of English language proficiency For those joining us for 2026, we will accept the following additional tests as evidence of English language proficiency: TOEFL iBT or iBT Home Edition IELTs Academic, IELTS Academic Online or IELTS for UKVI PTE or PTE Academic Online Cambridge English Language Cert ESOL SELT (UKVI) Trinity ISE II Trinity ISE III Language Cert Academic Oxford Internatinal ELLT Global or ELLT Digital We accept IELTS One Skill Retakes . Please note: we are only able to accept your most recent English language proficiency test score to meet our requirements. Foundation programme requirements The following English language requirements are for programmes from the Birmingham International Academy . One year foundation programmes The following requirements are for programmes from the Birmingham International Academy . One year courses Course TOEFL IELTS (UKVI) PTE Academic (UKVI) Foundation pathways (one-year programme) For all pathways and progression routes, except students intending to progress to degrees in Law, English Literature, Medicine, Pharmacy or Physiotherapy Not accepted 5.5 overall with at least 5.0 in each band 59 with no less than 53 in all skills Foundation pathways (one-year programme) For students intending to progress to degrees in Law, English Literature or Physiotherapy (Four-year pathway not available for Physiotherapy) Not accepted 6.0 overall with at least 5.5 in each band 64 with no less than 59 in all skills Foundation pathways (one-year programme) For students intending to progress to Medicine or Pharmacy (Four-year pathway not available for Medicine or Pharmacy) Not accepted 6.0 overall, with at least 6.0 in each band 64 with no less than 64 in all skills * For more information visit the Pearson Test of English website . Four year foundation programmes Four-year courses Course TOEFL IELTS PTE (Academic) Duolingo Bachelor's Degree with Integrated Foundation Year (Four-year programme) For all pathways and progression routes, except students intending to progress to degrees in Law or English Literature Tests taken before January 2026: 72 overall with 18 in listening, 18 in reading, 20 in speaking and 17 in writing Tests taken from January 2026: 4 overall with no less than 4 in each skill 5.5 overall with at least 5.5 in each band A minimum of 59 in all skills A minimum of 105 in all skills Bachelor's Degree with Integrated Foundation Year (Four-year programme) For students intending to progress to degrees in Law or English Literature Tests taken before January 2026: 80 overall with no less than 19 in Reading, 19 in Listening, 21 in Speaking and 19 in Writing Tests taken from January 2026: 4.5 overall with no less than 4 in each skill 6.0 overall with at least 5.5 in each band A A minimum of 64 with no less than 59 in all skills 115 overall with no less than 105 in each skill * For more information visit the Pearson Test of English website . Undergraduate (Bachelor) degree programmes Find the English language requirements relevant to your course. Find your course grouping Course Group Aerospace Engineering A Biomedical Materials Science A Biomedical Science B Biosciences A Business, including Economics**** B Chemical Engineering A Chemistry A Civil Engineering A Computer Engineering A Computer Science A Dental Hygiene and Therapy C Dentistry (BDS) D Education B Electronic, Electrical Engineering A English, Drama and Creative Studies B Geography, Earth and Environmental Sciences A History and Cultures B Language, Cultures, Art History and Music B Law B Liberal Arts and Sciences B Mathematics A Mechanical Engineering A Medicine (MBChB) D Metallurgy and Materials A Nuclear Science/Engineering A Nursing D Pharmacy C Philosophy, Theology and Religion B Physics and Astronomy A Physiotherapy C Political Science and International Relations B Psychology B Public Health B Social Policy B Social Work C Sociology B Sport Exercise and Rehabilitation Science A Urban and Regional Studies A Group A requirements TOEFL Tests taken before January 2026: 80 overall with no less than 19 in Reading, 19 in Listening, 21 in Speaking and 19 in Writing. Tests taken from January 2026: 4.5 Overall with no less than 4 in each skill IELTS* 6.0 overall with no less than 5.5 in any band. Pearson Test of English (PTE) PTE 64 with no less than 59 in all four skills. Cambridge English(exams taken from 2015)*** Cambridge English: Advanced Minimum overall score of 169, with no less than 162in any component. Language Cert ESOL SELT (UKVI) B2 'Communicator' with no less than 25 in each skill Trinity ISE II Distinction all skills Trinity ISE III Pass in each Skill Language Cert Academic Minimum of 60 in all skills Oxford International ELLT 6 overall with no less than 5 in each skill Group B requirements TOEFL Tests taken before January 2026: 88 overall with no less than 21 in Reading, 20 in Listening, 22 in Speaking and 21 in Writing. Tests taken from January 2026: 4.5 Overall with no less than 4.5 in two skills and 4 in two skills IELTS* 6.5 overall with no less than 6.0 in any band. Pearson Test of English (PTE) PTE 67 with no less than 64 in all four skills. Cambridge English(exams taken from 2015)*** Cambridge English: Advanced Minimum overall score of 176, with no less than 169 in any component Language Cert ESOL SELT (UKVI) B2 'Communicator' with no less than 33 in each skill Trinity ISE II Not applicable Trinity ISE III Pass in each Skill Language Cert Academic Minimum of 65 in all skills Oxford International ELLT 7 overall with no less than 7 in speaking and writing **** Business School programmes require one of the following scores: A TOEFL score of 88 overall with a minimum of 22 in Writing and Speaking, an IELTS score of 6.5 overall with minimum of 6.5 in Writing and Speaking, a Pearson Test of English score of 67 overall, with 67 in Writing and Speaking, a Cambridge English score of 176 overall with 176 in Writing and Speaking, a Language Cert ESOL SELT (UKVI) score of B2 'Communicator' with no less than 33 in Listening and Reading and 38 in Speaking and Writing, a Trinity ISE III score of Merit in Speaking and Writing, Pass in other skills or a Language Cert Academic with a minimum of 65 in Reading and Listening, and minimum of 70 in Speaking and Writing. Group C requirements TOEFL Tests taken before January 2026: 95 overall with no less than 22 in any band. Tests taken from January 2026: 5 Overall with no less than 4.5 in each skill IELTS* 7.0 overall with no less than 6.5 in any band. Pearson Test of English (PTE) PTE 76 with no less than 67 in all four skills. Cambridge English(exams taken from 2015)*** Cambridge English: Advanced or Cambridge English: Proficiency Minimum overall score of 185, with no less than 176 in any component. Language Cert ESOL SELT (UKVI) C1 'Expert' with no less than 25 in each skill Trinity ISE II Not applicable Trinity ISE III Merit in Writing, Pass in other skills Language Cert Academic Minimum of 70 in all skills Oxford International ELLT 6 overall with no less than 5 in each skill Group D requirements TOEFL Tests taken before January 2026: 95 overall with no less than 23 in any band. Tests taken from January 2026: 5 Overall with no less than 5 in each skill IELTS* 7.0 overall with no less than 7.0 in any band. Pearson Test of English (PTE) PTE 76 in all four skills. Cambridge English(exams taken from 2015)*** Cambridge English: Advanced or Cambridge English: Proficiency Minimum overall score of 185, with no less than 185 in any component. Language Cert ESOL SELT (UKVI) Not applicable Trinity ISE II Not applicable Trinity ISE III ISE IV: Pass in each Skill Language Cert Academic Minimum of 70 in all skills Oxford International ELLT 6 overall with no less than 5 in each skill *Further information on can be found at the IELTS website . IELTS tests must be the Academic version, we cannot accept the General test. ** For more information on the Pearson Test of English visit their website . *** For more information on Cambridge English exams, please visit their website . For Cambridge English exams taken before 2015, please see under Alternative Qualifications for the accepted grades. **** Business School programmes require one of the following scores: A TOEFL score of 88 overall with a minimum of 22 in Writing and Speaking, OR 4.5 overall with no less than 4.5 in Writing and Speaking and 4 in Reading and Listening, an IELTS score of 6.5 overall with minimum of 6.5 in Writing and Speaking, a Pearson Test of English score of 67 overall, with 67 in Writing and Speaking, a Cambridge English score of 176 overall with 176 in Writing and Speaking, a Language Cert ESOL SELT (UKVI) score of B2 'Communicator' with no less than 33 in Listening and Reading and 38 in Speaking and Writing, or a Trinity ISE III score of Merit in Speaking and Writing, Pass in other skills. English language courses If English is a requirement of your offer, we offer Presessional English courses all year round as an alternative route into University of Birmingham study. Presessional English courses are designed for students who wish to improve their knowledge of spoken and written English in preparation for academic study. You can take a Presessional English course as an alternative to retaking IELTS or a similar qualification. Alternative qualifications for undergraduate programmes Please note that the grades stated above are the University minimum and some degree programmes will have higher requirements. Always check your offer letter for full details of your conditions. If exams in your country are cancelled and this affects the final qualification you receive from your school, the University of Birmingham will consider suitable alternatives. We will confirm what these suitable alternatives are after confirmation has been received from the Government or Education Ministry in your country that exams have been cancelled, and what qualification matriculating students will receive. Find your qualification minimum requirement Qualification Minimum University requirement University of Birmingham presessional English course (see below) Pass (see the BIA Presessional site for details) GCSE English (or Edexcel IGCSE English) Grade C/4 or above GCE O Level English Grade C or above Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) IGCSE English (first language) Grade C Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) IGCSE English (second language) Grade C GCE AS Level (or International AS Level) Grade C or above GCE A Level (or International A Level) Grade C or above International Baccalaureate English, Standard or Higher Level, First or Second Language 5 or above HKDSE (Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education) English Group A - 3 overall, minimum of 3 in each band Group B - 4 overall, to include 3 bands at grade 4 and 1 band at grade 3 Group C - 5 overall, to include 2 bands at grade 5 and 2 bands at grade 4 Group D - 5 overall, to include 3 bands at grade 5 and 1 band at grade 4 India Standard XII (CBSE/CISCE/West Bengal) IELTS 6.0 with no less than 5.5 in any bands: 70% in ISC, CBSE, Maharashtra or West Bengal, 75% in Other state boards IELTS 6.5 with no less than 6.0 in any bands: 75% in ISC, CBSE, Maharashtra or West Bengal, 80% in Other state boards IELTS 7.0 with no less than 6.5 in any bands: 80% in ISC, CBSE, Maharashtra or West Bengal, 85% in Other state boards Malaysian SPM 1119 (Cambridge O Level) Grade C or above Special requirements For some courses there are very specific entry requirements concerning a students' fitness to practice their chosen course of study. For information concerning these requirements, please visit the following page which also contains important information concerning the University's conditions of study: Edgbaston Birmingham, B15 2TT United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 414 3344 University of Birmingham Instagram page University of Birmingham LinkedIn page University of Birmingham Twitter page University of Birmingham Facebook page University of Birmingham TikTok page University of Birmingham Weibo page University of Birmingham We Chat University of Birmingham YouTube page Global Footprint Discover our global engagement Culture and collections Schools, institutes and departments Services and facilities Privacy Legal Modern slavery Accessibility Staff Intranet (auth required) Student Intranet Canvas Learning Environment Publication scheme Information for applicants Freedom of information Charitable information Cookies and cookie policy Website feedback Contact information © University of Birmingham 2026