Skip to main content Select campus: UK Dubai University of Birmingham Search Menu Open menu Home Study Undergraduate study How to apply Your Birmingham offer The different types of offers to study at the University of Birmingham The type of offer you receive from the University of Birmingham is personal to you depending on a range of factors, including your GCSE results, the subjects you're studying and other qualifications, your predicted grades, your personal statement, your reference and your personal circumstances. Undergraduate entry requirements You'll need to meet the University's general entry requirements as well as the specific entry requirements of your chosen programme. Undergraduate entry requirements Your Birmingham Offer The University of Birmingham make a number of different types of offer. The standard entry requirements for each of our programmes can be found on the relevant course finder page . We also recognise the dedication and ambition demonstrated through activities such as independent research, extended mathematical study, sport and music. Where we apply reductions to the standard offer, we will only apply one reduction to your offer (i.e. these are not stackable, except for EDCAP). If your offer specifies a required grade in a specific subject, then any reduction will not be applied to that subject. The types of offer we make include: Conditional offers A conditional offer is typically based on the entry requirements as defined on the course page for the course you're interested in. This type of offer is made to students if you still have examinations to take, we need verification of your qualifications, or if you have to meet other non-academic entry requirements. The University of Birmingham makes conditional offers based on grades and not based on UCAS points (e.g. AAB). Some programmes may also require a particular grade in a particular subject, or specify particular GCSE subject requirements too. The details for individual programmes can all be found on the relevant course page. There may also be other conditions of your offer such as fitness to practise, or a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Alternative offers through our Pathways to Birmingham programmes Students who successfully complete a Pathways to Birmingham programme and apply to the University of Birmingham will receive special consideration from admissions tutors. If your application is successful, you will receive two offers from the University of Birmingham - the standard offer and a Pathways to Birmingham offer. The Pathways to Birmingham offer is typically two grades below the standard offer. You may also be eligible to receive the Pathways to Birmingham Scholarship and Bursary. All Pathways to Birmingham programmes have the same eligibility criteria, and you are required to meet these criteria to be considered for the programmes. The Pathways to Birmingham offer is applicable if you make Birmingham your firm choice. Realising Opportunities Programme offers The Realising Opportunities programme supports very able students from backgrounds which are underrepresented in higher education, using a range of eligibility criteria to ensure that the programme works with these students. To be eligible to apply for a place on the Realising Opportunities programme you must be a year 12 student attending a school/college which is participating in the programme. If you are unsure whether your school is participating, please ask your tutor or head of sixth form/college. Further information is available on the Realising Opportunities website. Extended Project Qualification (EPQ) At the University of Birmingham, applicants who take the Extended Project Qualification (EPQ) and meet our offer criteria will be made the typical offer for their programme of choice, plus an alternative offer which will be one grade lower plus a grade B in the EPQ. For example, where our standard offer is AAA, the offer would be AAA; or AAB plus B in the EPQ (though please note that this excludes our Medicine (A100) and Dentistry (A200) programmes). This is applicable if you make Birmingham your firm choice, and subject specific requirements will still apply. Core Maths qualification For selected programmes*, applicants who take the Core Maths qualification and meet our offer criteria will be made the typical offer for their programme of choice, plus an alternative offer which will be one grade lower plus a grade B in Core Maths. If you are taking A level Maths, you will not be eligible for an alternative offer through studying Core Maths. Programmes that require an A level in Mathematics are also excluded. This offer would apply if you make Birmingham your firm choice. * Some programmes are excluded from this scheme. Check course finder pages on our website to find out whether your programme is eligible. Elite Dual Career Athlete Pathway (EDCAP) The Elite Dual Career Athlete Pathway (EDCAP) provides sector-leading dual career support and is tailored to the individual needs of our highest performing student athletes at the University. Eligible applicants will be made an offer for their programme which will be one grade lower than the standard offer. For example, where our standard offer is AAA, the offer would be AAB. Students playing sport at county level If you have played sport at county level or above, then you will be eligible for a one grade reduction on your standard offer. Music performance at grade 8 or above If you have achieved any level 3 graded examination in music performance at grade 8 or above (e.g. ABRSM, Rockschool, Trinity College London) and have outlined that on your UCAS application, then that will give you a one grade reduction on our standard offer. Students applying for any of our Music programmes are not eligible for this type of offer. Contextual offers Our contextual offer scheme recognises the potential of students whose personal circumstances may have restricted achievement at school or college. The scheme allows the University to consider additional socio-economic data, alongside UCAS information, to help make the decision about an application to study at Birmingham. If you are eligible to benefit from the contextual offer scheme, you will receive an offer that is typically one grade lower than the standard offer, only applicable if you make Birmingham your firm choice. Grade reductions may vary by subject. Please see your offer contract for further details. Eligibility for the contextual offer is based on two criteria: having been in receipt of Free School Meals in the last six years, or having spent time in local authority care (and you have documented this on your UCAS form). How to apply If you're eligible, you just need to submit your UCAS application in the normal way and we will take your circumstances into account when considering your application. If you live within the West Midlands region and you're the first in your family to go to university, you might want to consider applying through our Access to Birmingham (A2B) scheme. The scheme offers a full package of support in Year 13, the chance to receive an A2B scholarship worth £1,500 per year of study and an alternative offer. Do you have a question about applying for undergraduate study? Search our frequently asked questions Edgbaston Birmingham, B15 2TT United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 414 3344 University of Birmingham Instagram page University of Birmingham LinkedIn page University of Birmingham Twitter page University of Birmingham Facebook page University of Birmingham TikTok page University of Birmingham Weibo page University of Birmingham We Chat University of Birmingham YouTube page Global Footprint Discover our global engagement Culture and collections Schools, institutes and departments Services and facilities Privacy Legal Modern slavery Accessibility Staff Intranet (auth required) Student Intranet Canvas Learning Environment Publication scheme Information for applicants Freedom of information Charitable information Cookies and cookie policy Website feedback Contact information © University of Birmingham 2026