Skip to main content Select campus: UK Dubai University of Birmingham Search Menu Open menu Home Study Undergraduate study Fees and funding Tuition fees for undergraduates Studying at a UK university means you need to pay an annual fee for your tuition, which covers the costs associated with teaching, examinations and membership of the students' union (at Birmingham this is called the Guild of Students). The fee you have to pay and the support available to you will depend on your fee status as a UK, EU or international student. UK students How much is the University of Birmingham tuition fee? For students applying for the 2026/27 academic year The University will charge the maximum approved tuition fee per year. If your offer is for 2026 year of entry, we expect that the tuition fee for your first year of study will be £9,790. If Parliament agrees on an increase in tuition fees, the University will increase fees for each year of study normally in line with these changes and will communicate any change in the fees to you without delay. If you are applying for 2027 year of entry, you will be advised of the annual tuition fee closer to the time. For students applying for the 2025/26 academic year The University will charge the maximum approved tuition fee per year. If your offer is for 2025 year of entry, we expect that the tuition fee for your first year of study will be £9,535. If Parliament agrees on an increase in tuition fees, the University will increase fees for each year of study normally in line with these changes and will communicate any change in the fees to you without delay. If you are applying for 2026 year of entry, you will be advised of the annual tuition fee closer to the time. For students applying from the 2021/22 academic year to 2024/25 academic year (inclusive) The UK Government has confirmed that tuition fees for September 2024 entry will remain capped at £9,250. The University of Birmingham will charge the maximum approved tuition fee per year, therefore the fees for your first year of study will be £9,250. Part-time course fees will also continue to be capped at £6,935. Please note that the UK Government has also confirmed that EU students starting their course from 2021 will no longer pay the Home rate for fees. This change will not apply to students from Ireland, who will continue to be eligible for Home fee status. For students applying for the 2020/21 academic year The UK Government has confirmed that tuition fees for September 2020 entry will remain capped at £9,250. The University of Birmingham will charge the maximum approved tuition fee per year, therefore the fees for your first year of study will be £9,250. Part-time course fees will also continue to be capped at £6,935. For students admitted between the 2018/19 and 2019/20 academic years (inclusive) The University of Birmingham will charge the maximum approved tuition fee per year. The fees for your first year of study were £9,250. Part-time course fees were capped at £6,935. The University will review tuition fees each year. If Parliament agree on an increase in tuition fees, the University will increase fees for each year of study normally in line with these changes. Tuition Fee Loans would also be expected to rise in line with any increase in the fee, to ensure that higher education remains affordable to all. For students admitted between the 2012/13 and 2017/18 academic years (inclusive) The Home rate of tuition fees for all full-time undergraduate courses for students admitted between the 2012/13 and 2016/17 academic years (inclusive) is set at £9,000 and will remain at this rate for the duration of the programme. The Home rate of tuition fees for all full-time undergraduate courses for students admitted in the 2017/18 academic year is set at £9,250 and will remain at this rate for the duration of the programme. What support is available to help me pay my tuition fee? Tuition Fee Loans are offered by the government via the Student Loans Company (SLC) to UK undergraduate students, giving you the opportunity to borrow any amount up to the full cost of your tuition fees. Learn more about how to apply for a Tuition Fee Loan. Do I have to pay a tuition fee if I'm on a placement year as part of my course? If you are classed as Home for tuition fee purposes and you are spending the whole of the academic year studying abroad at a partner institution, then you will pay 15% of your agreed tuition fee for the placement year. If you are classed as Home for tuition fee purposes and you are spending the whole of the academic year on an industrial placement (either abroad or in the UK), then you will pay 20% of your agreed tuition fee for the placement year. For more information visit Study Abroad web pages. When and how do I pay the tuition fee? Fees are payable at the start of your programme and we offer a range of different payment options . Alternatively, you can take out a loan to help you meet the cost of tuition, which will be paid to the University by your student finance agency on your behalf. What are the arrangements for Islands students? From 2021/22, Undergraduate Islands students, both new and continuing, will be charged at the Home rate, including for placements and clinical years. EU Students How much is the University of Birmingham tuition fee? For students applying for the 2021/22 academic year to 2025/26 academic year (inclusive) EU students are no longer eligible for Home fee status and are now subject to international fees for study in the UK. Please visit the international section below. This change will not apply to students from Ireland , who will instead continue to be eligible for Home fee status. For students admitted between the 2018/19 and 2019/20 academic years (inclusive) The UK Government has confirmed that EU students will continue to be eligible for 'Home fee status' with the tuition fee for 2018/19, 2019/20 and 2020/21 capped at £9,250. In addition, EU students will continue to have access to the Tuition Fee Loan provided by the UK government via the Student Loans Company for the duration of their course*. Part-time course fees will also be capped at £6,935. For more information take a look at the gov.uk website. * provided that this continues to be permitted by UK law For students admitted between the 2012/13 and 2017/18 academic years (inclusive) The Home rate of tuition fees for all full-time undergraduate courses for students admitted between the 2012/13 and 2016/17 academic years (inclusive) is set at £9,000 and will remain at this rate for the duration of the programme. The Home rate of tuition fees for all full-time undergraduate courses for students admitted in the 2017/18 academic year is set at £9,250 and will remain at this rate for the duration of the programme. What support is available to help me pay my tuition fee? For EU students starting in 2020, you can apply to the Student Finance Services EU Team for a Tuition Fee Loan , which you do not need to repay until you have graduated. This will be paid directly to the University on your behalf. Please note, EU students are not eligible for a Maintenance Loan or Maintenance Grant. For EU students starting in 2021 onward, you will no longer be eligible for student loans, however there may be other forms of financial support available to you. Do I have to pay a tuition fee if I'm on a placement year as part of my course? If you are classed as Home for tuition fee purposes and you are spending the whole of the academic year studying abroad at a partner institution, then you will pay 15% of your agreed tuition fee for the placement year. If you are classed as Home for tuition fee purposes and you are spending the whole of the academic year on an industrial placement (either abroad or in the UK), then you will pay 20% of your agreed tuition fee for the placement year. Please note that EU students will not be classed as Home for tuition fee purposes from 2021 entry. For more information visit Study Abroad web pages. What fees do I have to pay if I want to study abroad for a year or a term at Birmingham? For more information visit the incoming students ' web pages. When and how do I pay the tuition fee? Fees are payable at the start of your programme and we offer a range of different payment options. Alternatively, you can take out a loan to help you meet the cost of tuition. International Students How much is the University of Birmingham tuition fee? Please visit our international fees and funding web pages for a guide to international tuition fees. Confirmation of your exact tuition fee will be included with your offer letter. The fee paid in your first year will remain constant with no inflationary increase for the duration of your course, with the exception of the International Foundation Programme and clinical courses. What support is available to help me pay my tuition fee? International students are not eligible for UK student finance/loans and are responsible for funding their tuition fees themselves. If you are from the USA or Canada then you may be eligible for student finance from your home government. All international students are encouraged to explore any funding provided by their home government. The University also offers some scholarships for international students. Do I have to pay a tuition fee if I'm on a placement year as part of my course? International students who spend an entire year studying abroad or on an industrial placement (either abroad or in the UK) will pay 50% of their agreed tuition fee for the placement year. For more information visit Study Abroad web pages. What fees do I have to pay if I want to study abroad for a year or a term at Birmingham? For more information visit the incoming students ' web pages. When and how do I pay the tuition fee? Fees are payable at the start of your programme and we offer a range of different payment options . Edgbaston Birmingham, B15 2TT United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 414 3344 University of Birmingham Instagram page University of Birmingham LinkedIn page University of Birmingham Twitter page University of Birmingham Facebook page University of Birmingham TikTok page University of Birmingham Weibo page University of Birmingham We Chat University of Birmingham YouTube page Global Footprint Discover our global engagement Culture and collections Schools, institutes and departments Services and facilities Privacy Legal Modern slavery Accessibility Staff Intranet (auth required) Student Intranet Canvas Learning Environment Publication scheme Information for applicants Freedom of information Charitable information Cookies and cookie policy Website feedback Contact information © University of Birmingham 2026