Skip to main content Select campus: UK Dubai University of Birmingham Search Menu Open menu Home Study International International fees As an international student, studying at the university will require you to pay for your tuition fees and cover your living expenses. We charge an annual tuition fee, covering the cost of your tuition, examinations, access to IT facilities and the library. It also includes your membership with the Guild of Students. The cost of your tuition fee depends on the programme you choose to study, and the level at which you study. If you are made an offer to study by the University, the yearly tuition fee will be quoted on your offer letter. You'll pay your fees at the start of your programme. Undergraduate tuition fees Explore the annual tuition fees for studying an undergraduate degree at a UK university. Postgraduate taught tuition fees Find out more about the annual tuition fees for studying a Masters course at Birmingham. Postgraduate research tuition fees Read more about the annual tuition fees for a research degree such as a PhD or an MRes at Birmingham. Go to previous item Go to next item Do I pay home or international tuition fees? UKCISA provides information on tuition fees to help you assess your fee status. This guide should give you a clear idea of whether you have a home or international student status. The decision whether you will receive home fee status will be made by the University Admissions department. You need to meet all the requirements to be given home fee status. Tuition fee deposits International students undertaking a postgraduate taught degree are required to pay a tuition fee deposit before an electronic Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) can be issued. Find out more about deposits Paying your fees At Birmingham we recognise that students need flexibility when paying fees. We provide a range of payment options to suit everyone. The fee can either be paid in full or spread over manageable instalments by Direct Debit. Find out how to pay International scholarships More than £7.5 million in scholarships is available for international students coming to study at Birmingham. At Birmingham, we are dedicated to supporting international students to join our university and recognise those who excel in their subject through our competitive scholarships offer. There may also be funding available from other sponsors, governmental or funding bodies to help you fund your studies. Explore international scholarships Loans For some countries, the university has the ability to provide you with the funds necessary to complete your studies through loans. American loans The University is approved by the US Department of Education to offer the William D Ford Federal Direct Loan (Direct Loan) Program, enabling eligible American students to access financial support. Loans for American students Canadian loans The Government of Canada offers Canada Student Loans to full- and part-time post-secondary students who demonstrate financial need in most provinces and territories across Canada. Loans for Canadian students Explore our funding and fees section Living costs Breakdown of living costs as an undergraduate student at the University of Birmingham. Money advice Money advice and support at the University of Birmingham Money-saving tips A helpful guide to saving money whilst studying at university. Go to previous item Go to next item Edgbaston Birmingham, B15 2TT United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 414 3344 University of Birmingham Instagram page University of Birmingham LinkedIn page University of Birmingham Twitter page University of Birmingham Facebook page University of Birmingham TikTok page University of Birmingham Weibo page University of Birmingham We Chat University of Birmingham YouTube page Global Footprint Discover our global engagement Culture and collections Schools, institutes and departments Services and facilities Privacy Legal Modern slavery Accessibility Staff Intranet (auth required) Student Intranet Canvas Learning Environment Publication scheme Information for applicants Freedom of information Charitable information Cookies and cookie policy Website feedback Contact information © University of Birmingham 2026