Skip to main content Select campus: UK Dubai University of Birmingham Search Menu Open menu Home Study International Fees and Scholarships International tuition fee deposits At Birmingham we recognise that students need flexibility when paying the deposit. We provide a range of payment options to suit everyone. International students undertaking a postgraduate taught degree are required to pay a tuition fee deposit before an electronic Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) can be issued. A CAS is an essential document when applying for the Student Route Visa. For all programmes, the deposit will be deducted against your tuition fee when you register. You do not need to pay a deposit if you are applying for a postgraduate research programme including PhD, MPhil or MSc by Research. Scholarships for international students Pay your deposit to apply for scholarships How to pay your deposit 1. Receive an offer to study a postgraduate taught programme Once you have received an offer to study at Birmingham, you can quickly secure your place by paying your deposit. A 'deposits' panel will appear in your applicant portal. 2. Meet offer conditions A 'conditional' offer means that Birmingham has accepted you onto your chosen course subject to you meeting the entry requirements. You will need to provide evidence to show this. 3. Pay your deposit Once an offer has been made, you will be able to pay your deposit in the applicant portal. A 'Deposits' panel will appear above the Summary of Offer Conditions section, which will detail the type of deposit, as well as the amount, status and date it is required by. You can either pay using your Credit or Debit Card. Paying by Credit or Debit Card If you are playing by credit or debit card, the following are accepted: Visa, Debit, and MasterCard, After clicking 'Pay' you will be prompted to input your payment details. Once a payment has been successfully confirmed, the Deposits panel will update your payment status to 'Payment successful'. 4. Receive CAS letter When you have successfully paid your deposit and met the conditions of your offer in full, you will receive your CAS letter. You will need this to apply for the Student Route Visa. Edgbaston Birmingham, B15 2TT United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 414 3344 University of Birmingham Instagram page University of Birmingham LinkedIn page University of Birmingham Twitter page University of Birmingham Facebook page University of Birmingham TikTok page University of Birmingham Weibo page University of Birmingham We Chat University of Birmingham YouTube page Global Footprint Discover our global engagement Culture and collections Schools, institutes and departments Services and facilities Privacy Legal Modern slavery Accessibility Staff Intranet (auth required) Student Intranet Canvas Learning Environment Publication scheme Information for applicants Freedom of information Charitable information Cookies and cookie policy Website feedback Contact information © University of Birmingham 2026