Skip to main content Select campus: UK Dubai University of Birmingham Search Menu Open menu Home Study Information for applicants Paying tuition fees At Birmingham we recognise that students need flexibility when paying fees. We provide a range of payment options to suit everyone. You can either pay in full, or spread the cost over manageable instalments by Direct Debit. If you, your family, or friends are paying your fees: Once you have completed Online Registration, you will receive an invoice confirming your tuition fees for the year, and the due date by which you need to pay or apply to pay in instalments by Direct Debit. To make a single payment for your tuition fees: Pay by credit card or debit card Pay by bank transfer Single payments can be made for multiple years' tuition fees, for example to benefit from advantageous exchange rates. Paying fees by debit or credit card You can pay for tuition or accommodation fees by debit or credit card. We accept Visa, MasterCard, and Maestro cards. All card payments will be processed in Pounds Sterling (GBP). Please read the section below for the terms and conditions of online payments and information on the reliability and security of paying your fee online. Pay tuition or accommodation fees by credit or debit card If you have received an online offer of accommodation , to accept your contract, you must make payment through your online accommodation account . For more information and help, visit the Student fees webpage. Terms and Conditions Flywire is our payment partner for processing online transactions. Flywire manage the conversion rates for international payments - they guarantee the cheapest option available, with multiple payment methods to choose from, depending on where you're making payment from. For more details, visit Terms of Use | Flywire. Secure payment This site is secured using a Thawte SSL Web Server Certificate to offer you secure communications by encrypting all data to and from the site. Privacy and data protection At the University of Birmingham we recognise that your personal privacy is a serious and important issue and we support the principle of protecting privacy on the Internet within the context of current UK Legislation . Paying fees by bank transfer You can pay tuition or accommodation fees by bank transfer, whether you're a UK or international student. If you're an international student, you can make payment in your local or recognised currency, from your home bank account. Pay for tuition or accommodation fees by bank transfer. To apply to pay your fees in instalments You can spread the cost of your tuition and accommodation fees over monthly or termly instalments. Setting up a Direct Debit You must have a UK bank account that enables Direct Debits for this. Set up a Direct Debit for tuition fees Set up a Direct Debit for accommodation fees The option to pay by Direct Debit instalment plan is only available between October and May and the monthly instalments cannot extend beyond May in each academic session. If you have started your studies mid-way through the academic year then you will join the plan at the next available payment date and all plans will be calculated on the number of months or terms left before May. For more information about Direct Debit payments, including payment schedules, how to change your bank account details, contact details and cancel your Direct Debit, visit our Pay fees by Direct Debit webpage. You may not receive your schedule of payments (Advance Notification) until you have registered with the University for the current academic session. Pay fees by Direct Debit Paying in instalments if Pounds Sterling is not your home currency You can still pay in instalments if Pounds Sterling (GBP) is not your home currency. You will need to set this up with our Finance team. To request this, raise a Student Payment Query on Finance Service Portal. You'll need to log in using your University credentials. Raise a Student Payment Query Interest charge on tuition fees paid in instalments Please note if the total of your tuition fee payment plan is greater than £9,840, a non-refundable interest charge will be applied. This will not exceed 1% above the base rate of the Bank of England as at 1st August of the academic year preceding the academic year to which the tuition fee instalment plan relates; and will apply for the whole of the academic year to which the tuition fee instalment plan relates notwithstanding any change of the Bank of England base rate during that academic year Accommodation fee payment plans are not subject to interest charges. If your financial sponsor, such as your employer, the NHS or home government, is paying your fees If you're receiving funding from a sponsor, including the NHS, you need to enter your sponsor information in the Financial Sponsor section of Online Registration . If you have completed Online Registration then please provide your sponsor information via this link . Forward your financial guarantees, or any sponsor amendments, by email to sdm@contacts.bham.ac.uk - Please also include your University ID number within the email. If you declare a financial sponsor, you will still receive an initial invoice for your full tuition fee value addressed to you . Once the University has processed your sponsor details, you will receive a credit note and we will invoice your Sponsor directly. You will not receive an updated invoice after your funding has been applied. If your sponsor funding is not for the full amount of your fee, you need to pay any remaining balance of the invoice. Raise a Student Payment Query If your fees will be paid by Student Finance You will be asked to enter the details of your student loan, including the SSN number they have assigned you, as part of Online Registration. We will await payment of your fees directly from the Student Loan Company. Once you have completed Online Registration you will receive an invoice confirming your tuition fees for the year, however, if you have entered the details of your student loan on Online Registration you do not need to take any further action. If your fees will be paid by the Career Development Loan Once you have completed Online Registration you will receive an invoice confirming your tuition fees for the year. Please contact our Accounts Receivable team with the payment schedule agreed with your Career Development Loan provider. Disclosure to third party If you would like our Finance team to discuss details of your account with a parent, spouse, partner, friend, relative or other third party, the University is required under the Data Protection Act 1998, to obtain the written consent of the student. Please complete the Authorisation Contact Details section in Online Registration. Alternatively, raise a Student Payment Query on the Finance Service Portal where you provide the name and contact information of the person you'd like to speak on behalf of your student account. We cannot discuss details of a student account with anyone except the student, until we've received written consent from the student. Raise a Student Payment Query Request a receipt If you need a receipt for payment made towards your tuition and or your accommodation fees for the current academic year, raise a Student Payment Query on the Finance Service Portal. Raise a Student Payment Query Request a refund Find out about how to request a refund, and the different types of refunds you can get on our request a refund page. Request a refund Tuition Fee Liability Find out more about our tuition fee liability below. Tuition Fee Liability More information about student fees For more information on student fees, please visit our student fees intranet pages. Contact us For queries about payment of fees, receipts, refunds and more, contact Finance: Online: Raise a Student Payment Query on the Finance Service Portal with your University credentials. By phone: Call +44 (0) 121 502 7662 - lines are open 10am-4pm (UK). In person: Visit Finance in the Student Hub, Aston Webb, on the Edgbaston campus every Wednesday, between 12-4pm. For queries about bursaries , visit Scholarships and stipends to find the relevant contact for your School or College. For queries about Registration , contact Registry at tsa@contacts.bham.ac.uk . Edgbaston Birmingham, B15 2TT United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 414 3344 University of Birmingham Instagram page University of Birmingham LinkedIn page University of Birmingham Twitter page University of Birmingham Facebook page University of Birmingham TikTok page University of Birmingham Weibo page University of Birmingham We Chat University of Birmingham YouTube page Global Footprint Discover our global engagement Culture and collections Schools, institutes and departments Services and facilities Privacy Legal Modern slavery Accessibility Staff Intranet (auth required) Student Intranet Canvas Learning Environment Publication scheme Information for applicants Freedom of information Charitable information Cookies and cookie policy Website feedback Contact information © University of Birmingham 2026