Skip to main content Search for: Search Recommended pages Welcome Undergraduate open days Postgraduate open days Accommodation Information for teachers Maps and directions Sport and fitness Contact us Home Your country information Uzbekistan University of Birmingham and Uzbekistan The University of Birmingham enjoys close links with the Republic of Uzbekistan. We have a growing number of students from Uzbekistan following a range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses. Country Profile Entry Requirements Funding and Scholarships Meet Us Student life, careers and alumni We have dedicated international recruitment officers who will support you during all stages of your enquiry and application to the University. We offer a range of ways to speak to our staff and current students to get information and advice on living and studying in Birmingham. Entry Requirements The following information is for guidance only and should be used together with the University's general entrance requirements and any specific degree programme requirements. English Language English entry requirements general Foundation Pathways Students who have completed the Diploma of Specialised Secondary Education (O'rta Ma'lumot To'g'risida Shahodatnoma) with an overall grade of 4/5, to include 4/5 in Maths for our Engineering and Physical Sciences pathway, may be considered for entry to our Foundation Pathways . Undergraduate We will consider students who have taken A level examinations and the International Baccalaureate (IB) for entrance to undergraduate programmes. Holders of the Certificate of Secondary Education (Attestat o srednem obrazovanii) at grade 11 and a suitable foundation programme (or 2 years study at a recognised higher education institution) will be considered for entry to our Bachelor degree programmes. For more information on our foundation programme, please visit the Foundation Pathways website. Please note: For Medicine country specific requirements, please visit our Applying to Medicine website . For Dentistry, please see the general entry requirements listed on the Dental Surgery course page. Our BNurs and MNurs Nursing courses are only available to home/EU students. Postgraduate Taught Holders of the Magistr Diplomi (Master's degree) or Diplomi (Specialist Diploma), awarded by prestigious universities, who have attained high grades in their studies will be considered for postgraduate study. Holders of the Fanlari Nomzodi (Candidate of Science), where appropriate, will be considered for PhD study. Country Profile Funding and Scholarships Funding Funding and tuition fees Scholarships Scholarships Funding buttons Entry Requirements Meet Us You can email the University of Birmingham main contact for Uzbekistan via email: centralasiarecruitment@contacts.bham.ac.uk . Our admissions and recruitment teams are available to provide you with support during all stages of your enquiry and application to the University. Live chat Birmingham Visits Visit UoB Funding and Scholarships Student life, careers and alumni Student Experience The University of Birmingham is a fantastic choice for your academic study. Our thriving campus with its beautiful grounds, friendly community and excellent facilities will quickly make you feel at home. We offer you a huge variety of exciting activities to get involved in outside of your studies, too. Beautiful surroundings and fantastic facilities When you step onto campus, you are immersed in our historic red-brick buildings and glorious green spaces. You'll find our Edgbaston campus both a peaceful and vibrant place to spend your time, whether it's studying on one of the lawns, or enjoying a hot drink in one our many cafes. When you are on campus, you are in the heart of University life - it's the perfect place to meet friends, whether it's to have a bite to eat, discuss your seminar notes or meet up before heading off to a sports club or society. You can also take advantage of our fantastic facilities on campus. Study in our state-of-the-art academic library with its stunning views over campus, or go for a swim after lectures at our brand new £55 million Sport and Fitness Club. Student societies Many nationality groups form student societies during their time at the University of Birmingham. The student societies are an excellent way to keep in contact with home and also provide an opportunity to highlight your culture and customs in the UK. Student societies are also a useful point of contact for prospective students to Birmingham who may want to contact current students for information. Careers We offer dedicated support for international students, including an international careers consultant and a team of international student ambassadors. We will support you in developing the skills you will need to fully prepare for the working world or further academic study, whether this is in your home country or elsewhere. Our Careers Network researches jobs all over the world. We host fairs, workshops and presentations, which are attended by many large, global companies that offer opportunities worldwide. We also offer a huge database of information on employers, vacancies and industry trends in a range of countries. Alumni The University of Birmingham has many strong alumni groups all over the world. Alumni groups are an excellent way of keeping in contact with the University and with other graduates from Birmingham who live in your country. Some alumni groups meet on a regular basis for social and professional events. If you would like to meet up with University staff when they are in your country or you would be willing to help promote the university at education exhibitions, we would also like to hear from you. You can find out if there is an alumni group in your country or join our alumni mailing list on the Alumni website . Meet Us Search for a course Register your details Accommodation Apply now Contact Details For all general queries about becoming an international student at Birmingham, please complete and submit our enquiry form . Address International Recruitment University of Birmingham Edgbaston Campus Edgbaston B15 2TT Email centralasiarecruitment@contacts.bham.ac.uk The British Council has offices in many countries throughout the world which are able to provide you with advice about studying in the UK. Most offices also have an education library and Internet facilities where you can consult university material. The British Council can also provide advice about funding opportunities. Undergraduate prospectus Request a prospectus Our impact: find out about recent advances Explore our Research Spotlights