Skip to Main Content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open full main menu and search Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Back Why Wesleyan Why Wesleyan Overview An Empowering Approach to Education Learning Through Action Expression Through the Arts Research with Impact Engagement is Woven In Together, We Make Wesleyan Back Academics Academics Overview Areas of Study Departments Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Continuing Studies Academic Support Library and Collections Life After Wesleyan Back Admission and Aid Admission and Aid Overview Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Application Process Affordability and Aid Meet the Admission Team Information for School Counselors Back Life at Wesleyan Life at Wesleyan Overview Athletics and Recreation Clubs and Activities Health and Safety Housing and Dining Explore Middletown Explore Campus Back About About Overview Wesleyan at a Glance The Wesleyan Connection Events Leadership Campus Directory Faculty History and Traditions Careers Contact Us Renewing Democracy's Promise Back Areas of Study Areas of Study Back Departments Astronomy Departments Government demo-site College of Design and Engineering Studies Classical Studies Feminist, Gender and Sexuality Studies Theater Psychology Back Undergraduate Academics Undergraduate Academics Overview Open Curriculum First-Year Seminars Three-Year Option Five-Year Program (BA/MA) Summer and Winter Sessions Study Abroad Capstone Experience and Honors Program Back Academic Support Academic Support Overview Advising Peer Tutoring Accessibility Services Back Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Admission Overview First Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Veteran Applicants QuestBridge Applicants Early Decision Applicants Back Affordability and Aid Affordability and Aid Overview Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Applying for Aid Back News The Wesleyan Connection All Categories Back Campus Directory Directory Back Renewing Democracy's Promise Renewing Democracy's Promise Overview About Our Programs FAQ How It Works Participate Democracy250 Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Back to Top [object Object] homepage Admission and Aid Undergraduate Admission International Applicants Explore This Section African Scholars Freeman Asian Scholars Explore This Section African Scholars Freeman Asian Scholars Wesleyan welcomes students from all over the world to join our vibrant and inclusive community. International students make up 10% of the University's undergraduate student body and are integral participants in both academic and social life on campus. Wesleyan strives to create an environment in which intercultural collaborations and friendships created here in Middletown will flourish worldwide in the future. Resources for Life and Learning Wesleyan is committed to interdisciplinary learning and is evolving into a more expansive institution that reflects our shared world. Office of International Student Affairs The Office of International Student Affairs (OISA) offers holistic support and resources for international students, and coordinates International Student Orientation, peer mentorship programs, and the Wesleyan International Speakers Program (WISP). OISA also provides advising and assistance with visas, travel, insurance, career planning and more. Fries Center for Global Studies The Fries Center for Global Studies fosters collaboration among students, faculty, and staff, supporting the knowledge, language and intercultural skills, self-awareness, and empathy needed for responsible participation in an increasingly interdependent world. Gordon Career Center The Gordon Career Center helps students translate their Wesleyan education into a lifetime of meaningful work. Resources include internship support, mentoring programs, connections to alumni, courses and programs to help students develop critical career skills, and access to job listings across a wide range of industries. Application Process Application Process for International Students International Student Certification of Finances Visa and Immigration Info Financial Aid for International Students Authenticity, AI, and the Use of Agents Application Process for International Students International Student Applicant Process Please carefully review the requirements, deadlines, and process for international applicants. For admission and financial aid purposes, international applicants are candidates who are neither citizens nor permanent residents of the U.S. Timelines for Application Timelines for international applicants are the same as those for first-year and transfer applicants. First-Year Regular Decision applications are due January 1. Early Decision applications are due November 15 or January 1. Fall transfer applications are due March 15. Standardized Tests Candidates studying in an international exam-based curriculum (A level, French Baccalaureate, International Baccalaureate, ISC, WASSCE, etc.) are required to provide their scores. Actual or predicted results should be submitted by the student's school with the School Report, and actual results must be submitted as soon as they become available. While Wesleyan has a test-optional policy for SAT and ACT, we encourage students from international curriculum schools that are not exam-based to consider submitting SAT or ACT results. In addition to serving as evidence of academic potential and achievement, these results can be used to demonstrate English proficiency. If you choose to submit your SAT or ACT as proof of English proficiency, you must select "SAT" or "ACT" as your test to be considered on the Common/Coalition Application when applying, and all sections of the SAT or ACT will be considered. English Proficiency All incoming students are expected to have advanced proficiency in spoken and written English. Submission of English proficiency testing is optional, but strongly recommended for international applicants whose first language is not English. We may individually reach out to candidates to request English proficiency test results if needed to make an admission decision. Interviews Wesleyan does not conduct evaluative interviews as part of the admission application process. We will, however, accept InitialView or Vericant interviews as part of your application. Translation of Documents into English If any of your required documents are not already in English, you must provide certified translations alongside copies of the original documents. International Student Certification of Finances How to Fill Out the International Student Certification of Finances Form Who needs to submit the form? International citizens (excluding dual U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent residents) who do NOT need financial aid must submit documentation at the time of application for admission, verifying sufficient personal resources or outside scholarships for four years at Wesleyan. Candidates submit this documentation through the International Student Certification of Finances (COF) form . You must be logged in with your WesCheck portal credentials to access this form. We cannot process admission decisions for applicants who have not submitted the form. Please note that any missing or inaccurate information submitted will delay the processing of your application or result in an offer of admission being rescinded. Due dates for the International Student Certification of Finances form: Early Decision 1: December 1 Early Decision 2: February 1 Regular Decision: February 15 Fall Transfer: April 1 International Student Certification of Finances Form Detailed Instructions: Review the pre-populated application information and correct as needed (email address, full name, birthdate, permanent address, alternate address if relevant, city of birth and citizenship). Select your source(s) of financial support from the dropdown menu. You may select one or more funding sources, as long as the total equals the annual tuition amount. Potential sources include personal or family savings, parents, sponsors, or your government. Please note that stocks, bonds, and personal property accounts are not acceptable as proof of family savings. You will need to fill out all section(s) that apply to your situation, based on your source(s) of financial support. Enter amounts in U.S. dollars. Once you have selected a funding source, enter the amount for each year. The total for each year will automatically calculate based on the type(s) of support you enter. Please note if your government currently imposes restrictions on exchange and release for study in the U.S. Please note if you will have a source of emergency funds once you arrive in the U.S. Please indicate how you will pay for transportation to the U.S. Electronically sign the form. The student's expected amount of support per year required for Wesleyan is indicated below: 2027-2028: $109,400 2028-2029: $114,300 2029-2030: $119,400 2030-2031: $124,800 Please be sure your total amounts add up to at least the expected amount per year noted above. These amounts are estimates only; the actual cost of attendance is set each year by the Board of Trustees. *Year 1 must be available liquid funds, meaning assets that can be easily converted to cash in a short period of time (such as proof of salary, savings/checking statements or government/private sponsorship). Frequently Asked Questions: Do I need to submit the International Student Certification of Finances if I am an international student applying for financial aid? No, if you are applying for financial aid, you do not need to submit the International Student Certification of Finances form at the time of application. You are instead required to file the CSS Profile or International Student Financial Aid Application (ISFAA). More detailed information is available at Financial Aid for International Applicants. If you are admitted and enroll at Wesleyan, you may be asked to submit the International Student Certification of Finances form and supporting documentation for any costs not covered by your financial aid award at that time. What's an appropriate amount of money to have when I arrive at the institution (Section 13)? You may use your own discretion regarding what is an appropriate amount for personal expenses. A rough estimate will suffice; there is no exact "answer". Our financial aid office has calculated "indirect expenses," which include books and other expenses a student may end up spending during the academic year. This is only an estimate and will vary depending on individual circumstances. How should I submit the International Student Certification of Finance form? You should complete the International Student Certification of Finances form after submitting your application. Please upload supporting documentation as a single PDF document to the form or to your WesCheck portal upon matriculation. If you encounter issues with uploading documents, please contact intladmission@wesleyan.edu. Do not mail hard copies of your documents. Can I email someone if I have any questions about the form? Please email the Office of Admission at intladmission@wesleyan.edu with any questions regarding the International Student Certification of Finances form. Visa and Immigration Info Visa and Immigration Information Wesleyan supports international students who hold an F-1 or J-1 visa by providing immigration services before arrival to campus and during your time at Wesleyan. For details about visa and immigration services, and what to expect when entering the United States, please review this information. Obtaining the Form I-20 F-1 Visa Interview Transferring Your SEVIS Record Entering the United States Checking the I-94 Arrival Form OISA Check-in for Initial Status F-1 Students Financial Aid for International Students Financial Aid for International Students Wesleyan offers need-based financial aid, meeting 100% of every admitted student's demonstrated need. While admission for international students seeking financial aid is extremely competitive, candidates from all countries will be considered for need-based financial aid. To receive financial aid during their years at Wesleyan, international students MUST apply for financial aid and be eligible at the time that they apply for admission. Financial Aid Application deadlines for the 2026-27 academic year are: Early Decision I - November 15, 2025 Early Decision II - January 1, 2026 Regular Decision - January 15, 2026 Documents Required: Upon review of your financial aid application, documentation verifying your family's 2024 income may be requested. The CSS (College Scholarship Service) Profile 2026-27 Submit electronically . Wesleyan's code number is 3959 Electronic processing takes approximately 3-5 business days. Be sure to submit in a timely manner so that you do not miss the deadline. In the case of divorced or separated parents, the CSS Profile should be completed by the custodial parent. Please see item #3 regarding the noncustodial parent. You will receive a CSS acknowledgment form once your application has been processed. Application corrections should be made on this form and submitted directly to Wesleyan. In lieu of the limited space available in the Profile explanation box, applicants are encouraged to submit dollar-specific details relative to any special circumstances. Wesleyan University does not offer Profile fee waivers. If you are unable to complete the CSS Profile due to financial constraints, please see #3 for the International Student Financial Aid Application (ISFAA). NCP (Noncustodial) Profile 2026-27 (if applicable) Submit Noncustodial Profile electronically . Wesleyan's code number is 3959 In the case of divorced or separated parents, a PROFILE is required of both parents. Please note that the Noncustodial Profile cannot be completed prior to the start of the CSS Profile. The students' CSS ID number and password created during the submission of the CSS Profile are required to access and link the Noncustodial Profile with the student. (ISFAA) International Student Financial Aid Application If you are unable to submit the CSS Profile or Noncustodial Parent Profile due to financial concerns or if the Profile is not available to you in your country, please complete the International Student Financial Aid Application (ISFAA) . Noncustodial parents should complete a separate ISFAA for their own household. Please email the completed ISFAA form(s) to the Financial Aid Office at internationalaid@wesleyan.edu . Scholarships for International Students The following programs provide awardees with full scholarships for four years of undergraduate study: Financial aid applicants who are citizens or permanent residents of any of Africa's 54 countries will be considered for the Wesleyan African Scholars Program . Financial aid applicants who are citizens or permanent residents of China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam will be considered for the Wesleyan Freeman Asian Scholarship Program . Authenticity, AI, and the Use of Agents Special Statement About Authenticity, AI, and the Use of Agents The School Report should be completed by teachers or administrators from a candidate's high school, and the transcript should be sent to Wesleyan directly from the high school, not from any outside organization. A candidate's personal statement must be their own work. The personal statement's purpose is to provide more insight into the candidate's own ideas, background, and writing abilities in English. Wesleyan recognizes there are artificial intelligence (AI) tools and resources available to candidates. Nonetheless, we expect that candidates' responses to all application questions are authentically their own and reflective of their abilities. Candidates may not submit as their own, any content either copied and pasted from an AI resource or authored by another individual. If it is determined that an applicant received inappropriate assistance with the application essays, candidacy will be compromised and/or admission rescinded. Wesleyan does not authorize anyone outside of the United States to represent the Office of Admission, nor does it establish relationships with persons or organizations that confer preferential treatment in the admission process. Only Wesleyan faculty, staff, and authorized alumni representatives can represent Wesleyan. Demonstration of English Proficiency (Optional) Candidates may submit results from any of the following tests to demonstrate English proficiency: Exam Minimum expected score TOEFL iBT (in person or Home Edition) 5/6 or 100/120 IELTS Academic (in person or Online) 7.5 SAT 700 Evidence-Based Reading and Writing ACT 29 Reading and English section scores or English and Language Arts (ELA) combined score Duolingo English Test 130 Cambridge English Assessment 190 (C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency) Wesleyan also accepts self-reported English proficiency test scores. Official scores will be required upon matriculation and must be received by July 1. We prefer to receive scores directly from the testing agency; however, screenshots sent from your school to applicant@wesleyan.edu will also be considered. Results for the Duolingo English Test should be sent directly from the testing agency only, as there is no cost associated with doing so. Check Your Application with WesCheck Application decisions for Wesleyan University will be accessible through WesCheck, our dedicated applicant portal. Once online decisions are officially released, applicants will receive an email notification prompting them to log in and check their status. WesCheck Login Get in Touch Office of Admission intladmission@wesleyan.edu Take the Next Step Whether you're ready to apply, schedule a visit, or reach out - we're here to help. Apply Visit Request Information Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Contact Resources Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Main Menu Main Menu