Skip to Main Content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open full main menu and search Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Back Why Wesleyan Why Wesleyan Overview An Empowering Approach to Education Learning Through Action Expression Through the Arts Research with Impact Engagement is Woven In Together, We Make Wesleyan Back Academics Academics Overview Areas of Study Departments Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Continuing Studies Academic Support Library and Collections Life After Wesleyan Back Admission and Aid Admission and Aid Overview Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Application Process Affordability and Aid Meet the Admission Team Information for School Counselors Back Life at Wesleyan Life at Wesleyan Overview Athletics and Recreation Clubs and Activities Health and Safety Housing and Dining Explore Middletown Explore Campus Back About About Overview Wesleyan at a Glance The Wesleyan Connection Events Leadership Campus Directory Faculty History and Traditions Careers Contact Us Renewing Democracy's Promise Back Areas of Study Areas of Study Back Departments Astronomy Departments Government demo-site College of Design and Engineering Studies Classical Studies Feminist, Gender and Sexuality Studies Theater Psychology Back Undergraduate Academics Undergraduate Academics Overview Open Curriculum First-Year Seminars Three-Year Option Five-Year Program (BA/MA) Summer and Winter Sessions Study Abroad Capstone Experience and Honors Program Back Academic Support Academic Support Overview Advising Peer Tutoring Accessibility Services Back Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Admission Overview First Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Veteran Applicants QuestBridge Applicants Early Decision Applicants Back Affordability and Aid Affordability and Aid Overview Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Applying for Aid Back News The Wesleyan Connection All Categories Back Campus Directory Directory Back Renewing Democracy's Promise Renewing Democracy's Promise Overview About Our Programs FAQ How It Works Participate Democracy250 Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Back to Top [object Object] homepage Admission and Aid Application Process Our Admission team is here to walk you through the application process, including what you need to know if you are an undergraduate, graduate, or continuing studies student. You + Wesleyan At Wesleyan, we look for the story your application tells about your achievement and potential, in light of the academic and social resources available to you. If our applicant traits describe you, then you may be a great fit for Wesleyan. Intellectual Curiosity Are you curious about almost everything? Do questions interest you as much as answers? Do you dream of ways you can change the world? Are you willing to change your mind and engage with different perspectives? Academic Commitment We're looking for intellectual risk-takers who possess the ability to succeed in a broad, rigorous academic environment, take full advantage of the opportunities available to them, and go above and beyond what's expected simply for the sake of learning. Collaborative Spirit Converging theory and practice, graduate students at Wesleyan engage in learning that carries outside the classroom and continues into their "real" lives. Meet the Incoming Class Check out our class profile to see how you might mesh with other admitted students See Our Class Profile Undergraduate Application When you're ready to get started, you may apply for undergraduate admission at Wesleyan through one of our online application platforms. CommonApp Coalition Application via SCOIR Undergraduate Application Deadlines Application Type Application Deadline Financial Aid Deadline Notification Date Early Decision I November 15 November 15 Mid December Early Decision II January 1 January 1 Mid February Regular Decision January 1 January 15 Late March Transfer March 15 March 15 Late April Undergraduate Application Process Follow the steps in our undergraduate application process guide to ensure that you're prepared to successfully complete your application on time. Application Fee There is a $65 non-refundable application fee. We offer an application fee waiver for all applicants who apply for financial aid. Receiving this fee waiver will not disadvantage an applicant in any way. Early Decision vs. Regular Decision Early Decision vs. Regular Decision Early Decision may be a more favorable pathway to jumpstart your college career and save time and stress in the application process. Applying Early Decision lets Wesleyan consider that we are your first-choice college and that you are fully committed to joining us in the fall. It also allows us to get an early start on building our next incredible class of Cardinals. Early Decision can free you up to enjoy more of your senior year and to begin planning your transition to life at Wesleyan. Please note that international citizens may apply in the Early Decision rounds only if they are not applying for financial aid. Any international citizen who is seeking financial aid and is competitive for admission will be deferred to Regular Decision for consideration. First-year applicants who wish to apply to more than one college should apply under the non-binding Regular Decision program. As soon as you have decided to apply either Early or Regular Decision, select Wesleyan as one of your colleges. Complete the Wesleyan Member Questions along with your application. Early Decision Agreement If you are applying Early Decision to an institution, your signed Early Decision Agreement must be received by the Early Decision application deadline. The agreement certifies that Wesleyan is your first choice and that you agree to accept Wesleyan's offer of admission if extended. You also agree to withdraw applications submitted to other colleges and not to initiate any new applications. To complete and submit the Common Application online, you must first select the Early Decision term option for one school. Once you indicate this decision, the Early Decision Agreement will be available in the Supplements section of your Common Application account. To complete the agreement: You must read and sign the agreement from within your Common Application account; a parent/guardian signature is also required. You must then notify your counselor that you are applying for Early Decision. Your counselor must log in to their Common App School Forms account to read, sign, and submit the agreement if they've agreed to complete school forms online. If your counselor is not completing the school forms online, you must print the Early Decision Agreement (PDF) (also available in the forms section of Common App) and give it to your counselor to send directly to the institution. Please note that the counselor is responsible for the submission of the agreement once you've completed it. Gather Your Materials and Complete Your Application Various materials are needed to complete your application. Review the requirements specific to you before you begin: First-Year Applicants Early Decision Applicants Transfer Applicants International Applicants Veteran Applicants Questbridge Applicants First Generation Students Will you be the first in your family to graduate college? You won't be alone at Wesleyan, where 16% of our latest first-year students identify as first-generation college students. We are excited to help you and your family realize this exciting accomplishment and pave the way for future generations. We know the opportunities that a college education can open up for our students, and we also know that the process can be overwhelming. That is why we take a prospective first-generation student's interest in attending Wesleyan so seriously and promise to help make your process as easy as possible. Applying to Wesleyan is just the first step. Get to know First Things First , our First-Generation Low-Income (FGLI) student community that offers mentorship, guidance, resources, and support throughout your time at Wesleyan. First Generation Resources Homeschooled Students Homeschooled students can submit applications via the CommonApp or Coalition Application via SCOIR where requirements such as counselor and teacher recommendations have been adapted to accordingly. We ask that applicants include the following as part of the School Report: Curriculum documentation , including courses taken each semester/academic year, evaluations or grades given, and a list of completed reading and material covered in courses. This may be submitted by a parent or the person who oversees the curriculum. Official transcripts of any college or online courses taken. Two academic letters of recommendation from adults who know the student in an academic or intellectual capacity, excluding parents (even if they work in an instructional capacity). Wesleyan does not encourage nor require additional recommendations. However, if the student believes an additional letter may support their candidacy, they may submit a supplemental letter from: An adult who has supervised the applicant in an internship or volunteer position A teacher or director of any non-academic endeavors such as art, dance, music, or theater An adult who has worked with the applicant as part of an athletic team, faith-based community, or through employment Please note that, given the unique circumstances of homeschooled students, a member of the Wesleyan admission staff may reach out to applicants with questions regarding curriculum, activities, or other aspects of their applications. Students with Disabilities At least 18% of students at Wesleyan have identified themselves as having a disability and have requested accommodations related to academics, housing, or dining. Whether you disclose your disability during the admission process is up to you. The Office of Admission does not discriminate on the basis of disability. As with all students, students who are admitted must meet the standards and be qualified for admission. Some students choose to share this information with admission officers. Others choose to speak only with Accessibility Services. Information disclosed to Accessibility Services staff is not shared with the Office of Admission unless the prospective student provides written permission. Students who wish to request accommodation should do so through Accessibility Services. Accessibility Services Track Your Application You'll receive an email with a PIN for WesCheck to track your application materials and decision status. Applicants will receive a status update email to check their Wesleyan Admission Portal after online decisions are officially released. Related materials will be mailed to students who are admitted. For students who are offered a place on the waitlist, deferred or denied, letters will be available online only. The non-refundable Wesleyan enrollment deposit is $250 and is payable electronically. Frequently Asked Questions Have questions about your application? Get the answers on our FAQ page . Graduate Application The application for graduate admission opens on September 1. Graduate application requirements and deadlines vary by department and degree. Guidelines by Department Apply for Graduate Admission Graduate Application Process The Office of Graduate Studies oversees the graduate application process and offers support to help you navigate each step of the way. Office of Graduate Student Affairs Online Application and Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fees Continuing Studies Application The Continuing Studies application process varies by option. Check out our continuing studies programs to learn more about each and how to apply. Explore Continuing Studies Take the Next Step Applying is just part of the process of preparing for life at Wesleyan. Explore options to fund your education, take a tour of campus, and request information if you'd like more specifics. Affordability and Aid Visit Request Information Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Contact Resources Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Main Menu Main Menu