Skip to Main Content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open full main menu and search Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Back Why Wesleyan Why Wesleyan Overview An Empowering Approach to Education Learning Through Action Expression Through the Arts Research with Impact Engagement is Woven In Together, We Make Wesleyan Back Academics Academics Overview Areas of Study Departments Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Continuing Studies Academic Support Library and Collections Life After Wesleyan Back Admission and Aid Admission and Aid Overview Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Application Process Affordability and Aid Meet the Admission Team Information for School Counselors Back Life at Wesleyan Life at Wesleyan Overview Athletics and Recreation Clubs and Activities Health and Safety Housing and Dining Explore Middletown Explore Campus Back About About Overview Wesleyan at a Glance The Wesleyan Connection Events Leadership Campus Directory Faculty History and Traditions Careers Contact Us Renewing Democracy's Promise Back Areas of Study Areas of Study Back Departments Astronomy Departments Government demo-site College of Design and Engineering Studies Classical Studies Feminist, Gender and Sexuality Studies Theater Psychology Back Undergraduate Academics Undergraduate Academics Overview Open Curriculum First-Year Seminars Three-Year Option Five-Year Program (BA/MA) Summer and Winter Sessions Study Abroad Capstone Experience and Honors Program Back Academic Support Academic Support Overview Advising Peer Tutoring Accessibility Services Back Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Admission Overview First Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Veteran Applicants QuestBridge Applicants Early Decision Applicants Back Affordability and Aid Affordability and Aid Overview Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Applying for Aid Back News The Wesleyan Connection All Categories Back Campus Directory Directory Back Renewing Democracy's Promise Renewing Democracy's Promise Overview About Our Programs FAQ How It Works Participate Democracy250 Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Back to Top [object Object] homepage Admission and Aid Undergraduate Admission First Year Applicants The components of your application-taken as a whole-will tell the story of your learning journey so far: your achievements, your curiosity, your values, your potential, and the vision you have for your future. Wesleyan considers your application in the context of the academic and social resources available to you. Ready to begin the journey of a lifetime? Here's a roadmap to get you started. Important Dates Applying as Admission Deadline Financial Aid Deadline Notification Early Decision I November 15 November 15 mid-December Early Decision II January 1 January 1 mid-February Regular Decision January 1 January 15 late March Application Info Application Requirements Application Process Early or Regular Decision Homeschooled Applicants Application Requirements First Year Applicant Requirements All first-year applicants must have earned a high school diploma or its recognized equivalent or be beyond the age of compulsory school attendance (17) and meet the criteria for homeschooled students. The following are accepted as high school diploma equivalents: A GED certificate A state certificate awarded after passing an authorized test that the state recognizes as equivalent to a high school diploma An academic transcript showing that the student has successfully completed at least a two-year program that is acceptable for full credit toward a bachelor's degree Application Process First Year Application Components The following must be included in your application, whether you are applying Early Decision or Regular Decision: Completed Common Application or Coalition Application via SCOIR , including Wesleyan's member-specific questions. Secondary School Report Form and Transcript Your school counselor should submit a secondary school report along with an official transcript (including courses in progress) and school profile. Or, if applicable, the Homeschool Supplement (only available on the Common Application site). Applicants should request that school forms be filed electronically via the Common Application website. Counselor Recommendation Your school counselor should submit a written evaluation. Mid-year Grade Report Your school counselor should submit your midyear grades when available (end of first semester or second trimester). Two Academic Teacher Evaluation Forms You are encouraged to submit one from a humanities, social sciences, or foreign language teacher and one from a math or science teacher. Applicants should request that teacher evaluations be filed electronically via the Common Application website. Early Decision Agreement - If Applicable The Early Decision Agreement form (PDF) is available for download, or it is provided as part of the Common Application. $65 Application Fee or Fee Waiver Wesleyan will waive the application fee for all applicants who apply for financial aid. Receiving this fee waiver will not disadvantage an applicant in any way. Optional Application Materials: Standardized Test Scores: Wesleyan does not require most students to submit SAT or ACT scores as part of the application for admission. Students can decide for themselves whether their scores reflect their ability and if they would like their test scores to be weighed alongside their day-to-day work in secondary school. Supplemental Materials: Applicants may submit supporting materials in music, theatre, visual arts, film, and dance that reflect education goals in these areas. All supplementary materials must be submitted through SlideRoom , which can be accessed through the Common Application. Early or Regular Decision Early Decision or Regular Decision Your decision on when to apply depends on whether Wesleyan is the top choice on your college list, or whether you are seeking admission to multiple colleges. A Special Note for International Students International citizens who are not seeking financial aid are welcome to apply in our Early Decision rounds. Due to the extremely selective nature of admission for non-U.S. citizens applying for financial aid, we do not consider this group for admission in Early Decision. If you are an international citizen seeking financial aid and you are competitive for admission, you will be deferred to Regular Decision for consideration. Homeschooled Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Homeschooled students are welcome to submit applications via the Common Application or the Coalition Application via SCOIR, where requirements such as counselor and teacher recommendations have been adapted accordingly. We ask that applicants include the following as part of the School Report: Curriculum Documentation , including courses taken each semester/academic year, evaluations or grades given, and a list of completed reading and material covered in courses. This may be submitted by a parent or the person who oversees the curriculum. Official transcripts of any college or online courses taken. Two academic letters of recommendation from adults who know the student in an academic or intellectual capacity, excluding parents (even if they work in an instructional capacity). Wesleyan does not encourage nor require additional recommendations. However, if the student believes an additional letter may support their candidacy, they may submit a supplemental letter from: An adult who has supervised the applicant in an internship or volunteer position A teacher or director of any non-academic endeavors such as art, dance, music, or theater An adult who has worked with the applicant as part of an athletic team, faith-based community, or through employment Testing Policy for Homeschooled Applicants Wesleyan University is a test-optional institution committed to carefully considering all candidates for admission holistically. Wesleyan University requires standardized testing information from homeschooled applicants to help contextualize academic achievement and gauge readiness for college-level work given that homeschool programs vary significantly in curriculum design, grading practices, course rigor, and external evaluation. The Admission Committee does not have a preference for standardized testing and encourages applicants to provide as much external academic evidence as possible to supplement their candidacies. Homeschooled applicants are required to submit: A homeschool transcript. Course descriptions and curriculum information. A program profile or educational philosophy statement from the parent/educator. Letters of recommendation from individuals who can assess the student's academic abilities. College or Community College Transcripts, if applicable. Either SAT or ACT scores completed in the last twelve months If available, Advanced Placement (AP) examination scores and/or Schoolhouse.world certification(s). The Admission Committee is confident that the required and supplemental materials submitted by applicants will allow us to assess both their academic achievement/potential as well as their preparation to engage in rigorous college level coursework. Please note that, given the unique circumstances of homeschooled students, a member of the Wesleyan admission staff may reach out to applicants with questions regarding curriculum, activities, or other aspects of their applications. Check Your Application with WesCheck Application decisions for Wesleyan University will be accessible through WesCheck, our dedicated applicant portal. Once online decisions are officially released, applicants will receive an email notification prompting them to log in and check their status. WesCheck Login Affordability and Aid We believe that a world-class education should be accessible to all students, regardless of their financial background. Our comprehensive financial aid packages are designed to support prospective students and their families in making informed decisions about financing their education. Learn More Get in Touch Office of Admission 860-685-3000 860-685-3000 • admission@wesleyan.edu Take the Next Step Whether you're ready to apply, schedule a visit, or reach out - we're here to help. Apply Visit Request Information Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Contact Resources Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Main Menu Main Menu