Skip to Main Content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open full main menu and search Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Back Why Wesleyan Why Wesleyan Overview An Empowering Approach to Education Learning Through Action Expression Through the Arts Research with Impact Engagement is Woven In Together, We Make Wesleyan Back Academics Academics Overview Areas of Study Departments Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Continuing Studies Academic Support Library and Collections Life After Wesleyan Back Admission and Aid Admission and Aid Overview Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Application Process Affordability and Aid Meet the Admission Team Information for School Counselors Back Life at Wesleyan Life at Wesleyan Overview Athletics and Recreation Clubs and Activities Health and Safety Housing and Dining Explore Middletown Explore Campus Back About About Overview Wesleyan at a Glance The Wesleyan Connection Events Leadership Campus Directory Faculty History and Traditions Careers Contact Us Renewing Democracy's Promise Back Areas of Study Areas of Study Back Departments Astronomy Departments Government demo-site College of Design and Engineering Studies Classical Studies Feminist, Gender and Sexuality Studies Theater Psychology Back Undergraduate Academics Undergraduate Academics Overview Open Curriculum First-Year Seminars Three-Year Option Five-Year Program (BA/MA) Summer and Winter Sessions Study Abroad Capstone Experience and Honors Program Back Academic Support Academic Support Overview Advising Peer Tutoring Accessibility Services Back Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Admission Overview First Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Veteran Applicants QuestBridge Applicants Early Decision Applicants Back Affordability and Aid Affordability and Aid Overview Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Applying for Aid Back News The Wesleyan Connection All Categories Back Campus Directory Directory Back Renewing Democracy's Promise Renewing Democracy's Promise Overview About Our Programs FAQ How It Works Participate Democracy250 Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Back to Top [object Object] homepage Admission and Aid Affordability and Aid Cost of Attendance Understanding the costs of a Wesleyan education is key to helping students and families from all financial backgrounds plan and secure the right support. We encourage you to explore the available resources and options for financial assistance as you prepare for this important investment in your future. 2026-2027 Academic Year Tuition $75,916 Student Activity Fee $404 New Student Matriculation Fee $300 Green Fund (optional)* $50 Food and Housing $21,660 *Books and Supplies / Personal Expenses $2,750 TOTAL: $101,080 (frosh) / $100,780 (continuing students) **Direct Loan Origination Fees $44 Total without Green Fund Fee: $101,030 (First-Year) and $100,730 (Sophomore/Junior/Senior) *Indirect Expenses: While estimates for books & supplies and personal expenses are included in the cost of attendance budget, these costs are not billed by Wesleyan. Travel is also an indirect expense that is included in a student's cost of attendance; however, the cost can vary from student to student. All students will have an optional Green Fund Fee of $50/year to fund sustainability projects on campus. (Opt-out link available in WesPortal through the last day of drop/add each semester) Wesleyan is a residential institution. All Wesleyan undergraduates are required to live in University housing and participate in a University meal plan. All students can upgrade to an enhanced meal plan at an additional cost. Optional student health insurance is also available through an outside agency for an additional fee (all students must have health insurance). **If the student requests Federal Direct Loans, an additional $44 origination fee will be added to the Cost of Attendance. For all Federal Direct Loans disbursed on or after October 1, 2020, and before October 1, 2025, an origination fee of 1.057% will be assessed by the Department of Education. This origination fee is subtracted from your total loan amount. As such, the amount that disburses to your Student Account will be slightly less than the amount of Direct Loan requested. The origination fee included in your Cost of Attendance is based on the average Direct Loan origination fee for students enrolled at Wesleyan. Contribution Info Family Contribution Parental Contribution Student Contribution Family Contribution First Year Applicant Requirements The family contribution is based on Wesleyan's evaluation of the financial circumstances of the family. Wesleyan University utilizes the College Board's Institutional Methodology analysis in determining the financial need for institutional funding. In many cases, this evaluation can result in a different Expected Family Contribution than the Federal Methodology analysis in the determination of financial need for federal funding. Once the calculated family contribution is determined, this figure is subtracted from the total cost of attendance to determine a student's need. Financial need ordinarily is met through a combination of grants and work. All grants are credited directly to the student's account to offset tuition, food and housing, and other direct charges on the account. Students and parents should refer to their award notification to assist them with determining the amount that will need to be paid to Wesleyan directly. Expected Parental and Student Contribution Includes an income and an asset component Federal Aid calculated from FAFSA Institutional Aid calculated from CSS Profile and FAFSA Review of tax returns and accompanying documents Student Contribution: Determined in the same way as Parental Contribution Minimum contribution: $2,000* (plus contribution from student assets, if any) *Student Contribution is lower for high need students Parental Contribution The parental contribution is calculated from information submitted during the financial aid application process. This amount represents Wesleyan's evaluation of the parents' capacity to absorb a portion of the cost of education. Should a family seek additional options for financing the family contribution, please look at the Types of Aid offered. Who is a parent? Wesleyan Aid: Parent = biological or adoptive parents Federal Aid: Parent = biological or adoptive parents (if divorced/separated = parent who provided the most financial support during the last 12 months). Non-Custodial Parent (NCP) Waiver Request When whereabouts of NCP are unknown and/or contacting NCP would be harmful to student Form available on College Board and Wesleyan's website: Non-Custodial Parent (NCP) Waiver Request Student Contribution Students receiving financial aid are expected to contribute toward their educational expenses. The student contribution is based on a combination of the summer earnings expectation and a contribution from the student's savings or investments, if any. The student contribution is the amount of money you are expected to have at the beginning of the academic year to assist with your educational expenses. Ordinarily, these personal funds are applied toward the purchase of your books and supplies, as well as personal expenses you are expected to incur throughout the academic year. The minimum student contribution from summer earnings varies by year: $2,000 for first year $2,200 each year thereafter Reduced Student Contribution from Income To make a Wesleyan education more affordable, Wesleyan reduces the minimum student contribution from summer earnings for students who demonstrate the highest financial need. The reduced student contribution is based on the calculated parental contribution. Students may request loan funding if they are unable to meet the minimum student income contribution. Students should contact the Financial Aid Office to determine their eligibility for loan funds. Student Contribution from Assets Students who have assets such as savings or investments are expected to contribute a portion annually toward educational expenses. We expect students and families to apportion student assets over the four years. Consideration of Student Contributions: Reduced Student Contribution (SC) Policy Standard Level: Student Contribution = $2,000 plus contribution from student assets (if any) If Parent Contribution is below $10,000: Student contribution = $1,200 plus contribution from student assets (if any) Cost of Attendance minus Expected Family Contribution = Financial Need Students Entering Academic Year 2025-2026 and Beyond: Zero-Student Contribution (SC) Policy Students whose parents contribute $7,000 or less to Wesleyan will have their $1,200 Student Contribution from income (SC) replaced with additional grant funding for first year only. Students whose parents contribute $7,000 or less to Wesleyan and have student assets less than $20,000 will have their Student Contribution from Assets (SCA) replaced with additional grant funding for first year only. Our Promise We pledge to meet 100% of a student's demonstrated financial need-without loans-for all who are eligible for need-based financial aid, regardless of family income. Learn More Estimators and Calculators Estimate how much you and your family will need to contribute for one year at Wesleyan. Wesleyan's Net Price Calculator is designed in partnership with the College Board and is intended to give families an early indication of how much and what types of financial aid they might qualify for should the student attend Wesleyan. MyinTuition Quick Cost Estimator Wesleyan's Net Price Calculator Financial Aid for Current Students If you are a current Wesleyan student and would like to apply for financial aid for the first time, you must email the Financial Aid Office from your Wesleyan email address to advise of this change. Learn More Additional Resources Financial Aid Office Financial Aid FAQs Student Accounts Get in Touch Financial Aid Office 860-685-2800 860-685-2800 • finaid@wesleyan.edu Take the Next Step Whether you're ready to apply, schedule a visit, or reach out - we're here to help. Apply Visit Request Information Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Contact Resources Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Main Menu Main Menu