Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open Navigation Open search Close search Search the Site Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Financial Aid Office Open sub menu Menu Close sub menu Close Financial Aid Office Affordability and Aid for New Students Current Students Renewal of Aid Non-Resident Study Changes and Special Circumstances Financial Wellness Loans Other Financing Options Student Loan Exit Interviews Forms, FAQs, and Resources Forms Frequently Asked Questions External Resources Financial Aid Terminology Changes to Federal Loans Effective for 2026-27 Consumer Information Contact Us Contact Us Financial Aid Office North College (2nd floor) 237 High Street Middletown, CT 06459 finaid@wesleyan.edu (860) 685-2800 Frequently Asked Questions Below you will find general FAQs and questions about Changes and Special Circumstances General Does Wesleyan offer financial assistance based on academic merit, athletic ability, or special talents? Any financial assistance provided by the Financial Aid Office is based strictly on financial need. Wesleyan University meets 100% of demonstrated need for all admitted applicants who indicated at time of admission that they were seeking financial aid. Do I need to be accepted for admission before applying for financial aid? No. We expect you to apply for financial aid according to the priority dates for your admission type (ED1, ED2, Regular Decision, and Transfer). We want to notify you about financial aid at the same time you receive your letter of admission, so please follow the priority dates and contact us if you have any questions or concerns. The priority dates can be found on the Admission and Aid Affording pages. Please note : US citizens, permanent residents, DACA/undocumented applicants who wish to be considered for Wesleyan financial aid must indicate prior to admission whether they are seeking financial aid. Applicants who do not indicate prior to admission will not be eligible to receive Wesleyan financial aid until after the student has completed one year/two full semesters at the university. International Applicants who wish to be considered for Wesleyan financial aid must indicate prior to admission whether they are seeking financial aid. International applicants who do not indicate prior to admission are ineligible for Wesleyan financial aid throughout their four years at Wesleyan. Where should I send documentation for the financial aid application? US citizens/permanent residents, DACA/undocumented applicants: all documentation or letters of special circumstance should be sent directly to the CollegeBoard's IDOC (Institutional Documentation Service). You will receive instructions regarding your IDOC access after submission of the CSS Profile. Refer to the email received from the CollegeBoard after completion of the CSS Profile for more information. International applicants: supporting documentation may be sent directly to the Wesleyan Financial Aid Office. Be sure to include your Name and Reference Number on your documents. Do I need to reapply for financial aid every year? US citizens/permanent residents, DACA/undocumented students: Yes. Domestic students will be required to resubmit financial documents each year. Ordinarily, noncustodial parent documentation will only be required in the first year. International students: No. Ordinarily, we will utilize the documentation provided during the admission process unless a re-review is requested. Does Wesleyan expect a contribution from the student? Wesleyan expects a minimum contribution from students based on the class year. For fall 2025, the standard first-year student expectation is $2,000. This contribution increases to $2,200 for the remaining years at Wesleyan. REDUCED STUDENT CONTRIBUTION FROM INCOME To make a Wesleyan education more affordable, the minimum student contribution from summer earnings has been reduced for our students who demonstrate the highest financial need. The reduced student contribution is based upon the calculated parental contribution and varies by the year the student entered Wesleyan: • Students who enter in Fall 2017 and beyond with a parental contribution of $10,000 or less with typical assets : $1,200. • Students who enter in Fall 2023 and beyond with a parent contribution of $7,000 or less with typical assets : $0 (first year ONLY) . Who is considered a parent? For the purposes of completing the FAFSA and the CSS Profile, a legal parent includes a biological or adoptive parent, or a person that the state has determined to be your parent (for example, when a state allows another person's name to be listed as a parent on a birth certificate). Grandparents, foster parents, legal guardians, older brothers or sisters, widowed stepparents, and aunts and uncles are not considered parents unless they have legally adopted you. If one or both of your legal parents has remarried, their spouses income will be required on both the FAFSA (for the custodial parent only) and on the CSS Profile (for both the custodial and non-custodial parents). However, please note that income earned by a student's step-parent(s) is not considered as a family resource when determining the parent contribution as part of the Wesleyan financial aid package. How is the parent contribution calculated? Parent contributions are determined by assessing the family's total income, both taxed and untaxed, for the relevant tax period. If you will be applying to Wesleyan for entry in the 2025-26 academic year, your family will be required to provide information and documentation pertaining to the 2023 tax year. We also consider all parent assets, excluding money held in designated retirement funds. Please note that money contributed to tax deferred retirement accounts in the relevant tax year will be considered as part of the family's total income. What is the work-study program? The federal work-study program is a federally-funded financial aid program available to US citizens and permanent residents. The mandate of the program is to assist students with the cost of their college education by providing a subsidy to employers to support and expand part-time student employment opportunities. At Wesleyan, we also have institutional work-study (may be called term-time or Freeman scholars term-time) for financial aid recipients who do not qualify for the federal work-study program. Students may qualify for either federal or institutional work-study, which will be indicated on the student's financial aid award letter. Students working through either of these programs will apply for positions and, when hired, will be paid directly on a weekly basis. Students are not required to work but will not be paid for any unearned portion nor will they be expected to pay back any unearned portion. Please note that we are unable to provide additional grant support to replace the self-help portion of the financial aid award for students who are not able to work. How do outside scholarships affect the financial aid provided by Wesleyan? Please see the Other Financing Options page for more information . While awaiting a decision on my financial aid request for reconsideration, will my fall enrollment be at risk if I am unable to make payment by the semester due date? Positive results from a financial aid request for reconsideration cannot be guaranteed. Arrangements should be made to make payment by the due date. We understand many have been impacted financially by circumstances brought on by the pandemic. The offices of Financial Aid and Student Accounts will work closely together to grant due date extensions and be flexible where possible in regards to payment. How will financial aid be affected if I take a leave of absence? A leave of absence or deferral will not impact financial aid eligibility. Students are eligible for up to eight semesters of financial assistance provided they reapply each year. Students with previous educational loans should contact the Financial Aid Office to inquire how a leave or deferral might impact their loan status during their time away. Will my parent contribution be affected if my sibling(s) in college change his/her enrollment plans? If you have a sibling(s) in college, your parent contribution may be affected if your sibling(s) decides to defer or take a leave of absence, as he/she is technically no longer enrolled. If your sibling(s) is studying remotely, you will not see a change in your parent contribution, assuming the tuition at his/her institution has not changed significantly. Changes Changes in Family Circumstances and Requests for Reconsideration Families should plan at the beginning of the academic year so that the amount of the family contribution is available for both the fall and spring semesters. However, Wesleyan recognizes that occasionally a family may experience a sudden and precipitous change in financial circumstances. In such an event, Wesleyan is willing to review a student's eligibility for additional assistance before the beginning of each semester. A request for a review must be made in writing and submitted with appropriate documentation to substantiate the change in circumstances. Read additional information on the reconsideration process . Students who are U.S. citizens or Permanent Residents that apply to Wesleyan and indicate that they will not be seeking institutional financial assistance will not be eligible to receive Wesleyan financial aid until after the student has been enrolled for two semesters at the university. Note: International students who indicated on the admissions application that they were not seeking institutional financial assistance are ineligible to receive Wesleyan financial aid for the duration of their time at Wesleyan. Changes in Enrollment Status and Leaves of Absence Students on a leave of absence are not eligible to receive financial aid. Students who take leaves for periods longer than six months will be required to begin repayment of student loans. Students should contact the Financial Aid Office or the Student Loan Office for information on loan repayment during leaves. Leave of Absence, Withdrawal, or Dismissal Federal & Institutional Refund Policy Any time that a student ceases enrollment during the academic year, Wesleyan is required to perform a federal Return of Title IV Funds (R2T4) calculation. This calculation looks at the portion of the enrollment period completed and in turn determines the amount of student aid that has been "earned". Any "unearned" aid must then be returned to the appropriate federal program. A similar calculation is performed to determine the amount of institutional aid a student has "earned." "Unearned" aid is removed from the student's resources and returned to the institution. Special Circumstances Extenuating Circumstances The Financial Aid Office recognizes that your family's financial circumstances may have changed significantly as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The application you submitted may not reflect these changes. If you have experienced a significant change in your financial circumstances, you may be eligible to have your financial aid adjusted through a professional judgment assessment. Please complete the Request for Reconsideration form for 2025-26 . You may submit this form, along with any supporting documentation, directly to the Financial Aid Office at finaid@wesleyan.edu . Applying for Financial Aid Subsequent to Admission Students that apply to Wesleyan and indicate that they will not be seeking financial assistance will not be eligible to receive Wesleyan financial aid until the student has been enrolled for one year at the university. If an incoming student would like to apply for financial aid after receiving their admission letter, they are encouraged to review the Financing Options section of this website or to contact the Financial Aid Office to discuss these options further. International students are not required to resubmit a renewal application each year. If circumstances have changed since the first year at Wesleyan, please contact the Financial Aid Office to discuss submission of updated documentation. Noncustodial Waiver Petition Noncustodial Waiver Petition Wesleyan adheres to the principal that both biological parents have the primary responsibility for providing reasonable financial support to fund their child's cost of education at Wesleyan University. Wesleyan financial aid is provided to meet any shortfall that exists when the family's ability to contribute has been maximized. Wesleyan does not consider whether a custodial or noncustodial parent is willing to contribute to their child's education; instead, the Financial Aid Office collects financial information from both parents to evaluate the ability to contribute. The financial need of students whose parents are divorced is calculated based upon the same principle followed in calculating the need of all other students: both parents are jointly responsible for the college expenses of their children to the extent of the family ability. Consideration is made for expenses like child support, separate households and blended families. Wesleyan University recognizes that extenuating circumstances in individual cases may make it impossible to obtain information from a noncustodial parent. If the noncustodial parent's whereabouts are unknown, if there has been extremely limited or no contact with the noncustodial parent for a significant period of time, or if there are other extenuating circumstances, the collection of noncustodial financial information may be waived. Students/families with these circumstances may petition to waive the collection of noncustodial information in the financial aid process. Please review the Noncustodial Parent Waiver Petition for more information. Note: a letter from a third party (other than a family member, family friend or attorney) who can verify the amount of contact a child has had with the noncustodial parent is required. Requesting reconsideration of a financial aid award Wesleyan's goal is to provide those families that seek assistance with a financial aid award for the academic year that is our most complete and final review of your need for aid. However, circumstances may arise for a family that are not readily apparent in the information gathered as part of the application and awarding process. In some instances, a further evaluation of a student's eligibility for need-based funding may be appropriate. In such cases, we may require additional information/documentation to determine if an adjustment to the financial aid award is warranted. Typically, requests for reconsideration are as a result of a change/loss in parental income or significant unreimbursed medical expenses. While these are not the only areas that warrant reconsideration, Wesleyan will only address special circumstances that affect a family's ability to contribute; not their willingness. Items such as credit card debt, weddings, car/mortgage payments, etc. are not considered special circumstances that would be reviewed. Please complete a Request for Reconsideration form: Request for Reconsideration 2025-26 Wesleyan does not "negotiate" financial aid awards nor do we match financial aid awards offered by other institutions. For more information or to discuss a student's financial aid award and changes in the family's circumstances, please contact the Office of Financial Aid. Independent Students In limited cases, students who have supported themselves financially for a significant period of time prior to enrolling at Wesleyan may qualify for self-supporting status, exempting the reporting of parent information. However, students must have approval from the Office of Financial Aid prior to applying as self-supporting students. Changes in enrollment status Financial aid awards usually are made for the full academic year. Receipt of financial aid funds is contingent on your being enrolled as a full-time student at Wesleyan. If you fall below full time enrollment, federal and institutional aid will be reduced accordingly. If you are enrolled for only one semester, you will receive only one-half of your award, including loan. If you anticipate a change in your enrollment status, contact the Financial Aid Office to receive information on how your award will change. Leave of Absence Students on non-academic leave, independent study and Education in the Field are not eligible to receive financial aid. Students who take leaves for periods longer than six months will be required to begin repayment of student loans. Contact the Financial Aid Office for information on loan repayment during leaves. Students returning to Wesleyan must contact their class dean and then complete the financial aid application process. The class dean will contact the Registrar and then the Registrar officially notifies the Wesleyan community, including the Financial Aid Office. Eligibility for aid will be determined upon receipt of this official notification. Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Policy to participate in Federal Title IV Higher Education Act financial aid programs Students must maintain satisfactory academic progress in order to remain eligible for federal financial assistance programs (federal loan, work study, and grant programs). This policy outlines the requirements a student must meet to maintain eligibility for federal financial assistance. The Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Policy is separate from, and in addition to, the Academic Regulations as described in the Wesleyan University catalog. The SAP policies for financial aid students are equivalent to or stricter than the university's Academic Regulations that apply to all students regardless of whether they are receiving Title IV assistance. It is important to note that the terminology for the financial aid SAP policy and the Academic Regulations are not directly interchangeable. Students are encouraged to seek advice with a financial aid director for clarification on the SAP policy, and with their class dean for clarification on the university's Academic Regulations. The class deans and the financial aid directors work closely together to help students maintain, sustain, and reach satisfactory progress. Students should consult the financial aid office website, the university website, and the Wesleyan University catalog. The financial aid office will review student progress toward the SAP policy at the end of each semester in which a student has received Title IV aid. A student must meet the SAP requirements at the end of each semester to be eligible to continue with federal financial assistance under the policy, with the exceptions noted in the policy for financial aid warning and financial aid probation. Since the current optional summer session offers a very limited enrollment, the minimum pace requirements table is re-stated as points in time related to year in school rather than number of semesters. Under federal policy students must maintain by the end of the second academic year at least a C or its equivalent or have academic standing consistent with the school's requirements for graduation. Wesleyan undergraduate students must maintain a cumulative GPA of 74 to maintain SAP. Wesleyan University defines 74 percent as the academic standing that is consistent with meeting graduation requirements. The university catalog defines the numerical equivalent of a C- as 71.7. Under the SAP rules for financial aid students must meet the minimum standard GPA for graduation by the end of sophomore year. Prior to the end of sophomore year students may meet SAP with a lower GPA if the Dean's office allows continued enrollment for the student during this time period. Students also have the option to take some classes as CR/U in which they will not receive a grade point and therefore will not be factored into the student's GPA. In a course offered with the CR/U option the student must select the grading mode by the end of the fourth week of classes. There is no limit on the number of courses a student may take for CR/U, in fact two of our College require that students take their courses CR/U. The College of Social Studies (CSS) converts all courses a student takes during the sophomore year to CR/U and the College of Letters (COL) requires all courses taken for the major be taken CR/U. A course grade CR/U can be submitted with a written evaluation of the students work. Both CSS and COL require that courses taken CR/U have such a written evaluation submitted. The university expects undergraduate students to complete the degree within eight semesters, and Wesleyan financial aid is available for eight semesters. On a case-by-case basis, and only in consultation with the class dean and the student, the financial aid office will consider Wesleyan aid beyond eight semesters for undergraduate students. Transfer students are expected to receive less than eight semesters of Wesleyan aid eligibility, and should consult with a financial aid director regarding total semesters of Wesleyan aid eligibility. While the federal rules allow aid up to a maximum of 150% of the program length of eight semesters, the university will not process federal financial aid for undergraduate students beyond ten semesters of enrollment unless further enrollment is part of an approved academic appeal (defined below). In no case will the university process undergraduate federal financial aid beyond twelve semesters. As required, the Financial Aid Office also determines a student's pace in meeting the degree requirements in the analysis of satisfactory academic progress. Pace is defined as the total number of credits completed divided by the total number of credit hours attempted. The Financial Aid Office will count course incompletes and course withdrawals in the calculation of a student's pace for financial aid satisfactory academic progress. The calculated GPA is based on all courses used by the registrar to calculate GPA. Courses taken as CR/U are counted in the calculation of a student's pace. Pace progress includes all courses attempted. Incompletes and withdrawals are considered credit hours attempted in calculating pace requirements. Repeated courses that are available for credit also count in the pace calculation. Transfer credits count in the pace calculation as outlined in the academic and general regulations of the Wesleyan University catalog. For units attempted at Wesleyan University, the pace requirements are outlined in the accompanying table. Year in school Expected credits Minimum credits Pace (minimum/expected) Mid year frosh 4 2 50% End of frosh year 8 6 75% Mid year soph 12 10 83% End of soph year 16 14 87% Mid year junior 20 18 90% End of junior year 24 22 91% Mid year senior 28 26 92% The Financial Aid Office reviews each federal financial aid recipient for satisfactory academic progress at the end of each semester. The SAP policy for financial aid uses two classifications: financial aid warning and financial aid probation. Students who have not met the minimum SAP requirements for one semester will be notified by the Financial Aid Office that they will be placed on financial aid warning for the following semester. Students may continue to receive federal and Wesleyan financial aid during the one semester of financial aid warning status. Students who fail to make satisfactory progress after the warning period will be notified by the Financial Aid Office that they will lose their aid eligibility unless they successfully appeal and are placed on financial aid probation. In general, if the appeal is approved, the student would be on financial aid probation for one semester and be eligible for disbursement of Federal Title IV aid during this period. The appeal, which must be approved prior to the disbursement of any federal or state financial aid in a probationary period, must address how the student will be able to meet the satisfactory academic progress requirements by the end of the probationary semester, or the financial aid appeal must address how an academic plan evaluated by the class dean and the director of financial aid will ensure that the student is able to meet the minimum satisfactory academic progress requirements within a specified period of time (usually within the regular degree completion time of eight fall/spring semesters). Students on financial aid probation will not receive federal financial aid disbursements for any subsequent payment period unless they meet the satisfactory academic progress requirements, or unless they meet the requirements for successful completion as defined in the academic plan approved during the appeal process. The Financial Aid Office will continue the review of satisfactory progress each semester, and will notify students who become ineligible to continue to receive federal and state aid. Students may not be placed on two consecutive terms of financial aid warning. They must meet the satisfactory academic progress requirement after one term of financial aid warning, or they must submit and have approved a satisfactory academic progress appeal. Students who fail to meet financial aid satisfactory academic progress and who fail to have the appeal approved are not eligible to receive any assistance from the Federal Title IV programs or any state financial aid programs. When submitting financial aid appeals, the student should describe any mitigating circumstances that prevented them from meeting the SAP requirements. These circumstances could include the death of a relative, an injury or illness of the student, or other special circumstances. The appeal must define specifically how the student can meet the satisfactory academic progress requirements for financial aid, and it must outline the specific courses the student will take in the upcoming semester (and additional semesters if possible). The appeal should provide information about what has changed in the student's situation that will allow them to demonstrate SAP at the next evaluation at the end of the semester. The appeal must include a letter from the class dean evaluating the student's plan of action to achieve satisfactory academic progress according to the financial aid policy. The dean's letter is not an endorsement of the plan but an evaluation to determine if the academic plan the student has submitted is possible. Other supporting information may be necessary, and the financial aid office reserves the right to require additional documents, consultation with others on or off campus, or further clarification before considering or approving an appeal. The financial aid office is not required to approve appeals or reinstate federal or state financial aid eligibility. In general, three outcomes are possible when a student submits a financial aid appeal due to failure to meet satisfactory academic progress. The appeal could be denied, the appeal could be approved for one semester of financial aid probation, or the appeal could be approved contingent on an academic plan that leads to successfully regaining satisfactory academic progress within a period longer than one semester, subject to review at the end of each semester. Students who lose eligibility for federal aid because the appeal is denied or they fail to meet the SAP requirements as outlined in their probationary period or academic plan may find it difficult to regain eligibility. Students may regain eligibility by enrolling without federal aid and meeting the SAP requirements. Students must meet the university's general academic requirements as outlined in the college catalog. The financial aid office and the class deans will collaborate on cases where a student was forced to resign from the university and is allowed to return. The appeal and the academic plan must incorporate these conditions of return and the financial aid director and class dean must approve the academic plan as part of the financial aid satisfactory academic progress policy. Revised: June 10, 2020 Return of Title IV Funds How a Withdrawal Affects Financial Aid A withdrawal or Leave of Absence from the University is defined as a student who drops all of his or her courses after the drop/add period for that given semester. A student who intends to withdraw from the University must complete the process as outlined in the General Regulations section of the university catalog. If a student withdraws or requests a Leave of Absence from the University and has utilized Federal Title IV funds during the semester in which s/he withdraws, the Office of Financial Aid will determine if any amount of funding will be returned to the federal program(s) based on the federally mandated calculation (see Determining Earned Aid section). The law specifies that Wesleyan University must determine the amount of Title IV program assistance that a student earned if the student withdraws from school. The Title IV programs that are covered by this law are Federal Pell Grants, Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants (FSEOGs), Iraq and Afghanistan Service Grants, TEACH Grants, Direct Loans, Direct PLUS Loans and Federal Perkins Loans. Though the financial aid is posted to the student account at the start of each semester, funds are earned as the student completes each semester. If the student withdraws during the payment period or period of enrollment (i.e., semester), the amount of Title IV program assistance that has been earned up to that point is determined by a specific formula (see Determining Earned Aid section). If the student received (or the school or parent received on the student's behalf) less assistance than the amount that was earned, the student may be able to receive those additional funds. If the student received more assistance than was earned, the excess funds must be returned by the school and/or the student. The amount of assistance that has been earned is determined on a pro rata basis. For example, if the student completes 30% of the payment period or period of enrollment, s/he earns 30% of the assistance that s/he was originally scheduled to receive. Once a student has completed more than 60% of the payment period or period of enrollment, all the assistance that the student was scheduled to receive for that period is earned. There are some Title IV funds that a student was scheduled to receive that cannot be disbursed to the student once s/he withdraws because of other eligibility requirements. For example, if the student is a first-time, first-year undergraduate student and has not completed the first 30 days of the program before s/he withdraws, s/he will not receive any Direct Loan funds that s/he would have received had s/he remained enrolled past the 30th day. If the student receives (or Wesleyan University or the parent receives on the student's behalf) excess Title IV program funds that must be returned, Wesleyan University must return a portion of the excess equal to the lesser of: The institutional charges multiplied by the unearned percentage of the student's funds, or The entire amount of excess funds. Wesleyan University must return this amount even if it didn't keep this amount of the student's Title IV program funds. If Wesleyan University is not required to return all of the excess funds, the student must return the remaining amount. For any loan funds that the student must return, the student (or the student's parent for a Direct PLUS Loan) repays in accordance with the terms of the promissory note. That is, the student makes scheduled payments to the holder of the loan over a period of time. Any amount of unearned grant funds that the student must return is called an overpayment. The maximum amount of a grant overpayment that the student must repay is half of the grant funds s/he received or were scheduled to receive. A student does not have to repay a grant overpayment if the original amount of the overpayment is $50 or less. The student must make arrangements with Wesleyan University or the U.S. Department of Education to return the unearned grant funds. The requirements for Title IV program funds when a student withdraws are separate from Wesleyan's institutional refund policy . Therefore, the student may still owe funds to the school to cover unpaid institutional charges. Wesleyan University may also charge the student for any Title IV program funds that Wesleyan University was required to return. Determining Earned Aid The Office of Financial Aid will prorate the federal funds disbursed or could have been disbursed based on the total days the student attended. The calculation is based on the number of days completed in the semester prior to the student's official notification to withdraw divided by the total number of days in the semester (excluding official breaks of 5 or more days). Students who remain enrolled through at least 60% of the payment period (semester) are considered to have earned 100% of the federal aid received. If the percentage is less than 60% earned, a prorated amount of the Title IV aid will be returned by the University. The aid will be returned in the following order: Direct Unsubsidized Loan Direct Subsidized Loan Direct Perkins Loan Direct PLUS/Graduate PLUS Loan Pell Grant FSEOG Other Title IV aid Wesleyan University is required to perform this calculation within 30 days of the date the school determines that a student has completely withdrawn. The school must return the funds within 45 days of the calculation. The R2T4 calculation is completed by the Financial Aid Office. Sample of Return to Title IV Calculation Before 60% Mark: Number of Days Attended: 5 Number of Days in the Semester: 99 Earned Financial Aid: 5.1% Unearned Financial Aid: 94.9% After 60% Mark: Number of Days Attended: 64 Number of Days in the Semester: 99 Earned Financial Aid: 64.6% Unearned Financial Aid: 0% Determining Earned Need-Based Institutional Aid Generally, Wesleyan scholarships are contingent on the percentage of tuition a student is responsible for after withdrawing from all of his/her scheduled classes during a semester. For example, if a student is granted an 80% tuition refund based on his/her withdrawal date, the student's Wesleyan Grant will be reduced by 80% because the student is responsible for 20% of the tuition cost. For more information regarding the refund policy, please refer to the Student Accounts' website . Post-Withdrawal Disbursement A Post-Withdrawal Disbursement is provided for any student who completely withdraws from school before a federal loan or grant was able to disburse to the student's account. If the post-withdrawal disbursement includes loan funds, Wesleyan University must receive permission from the student before it can disburse them. The student may choose to decline some or all of the loan funds so that there isn't any additional debt incurred. Wesleyan University may automatically use all or a portion of the post-withdrawal disbursement of grant funds for tuition, fees, and room and board charges (as contracted with the school). Wesleyan University needs permission to use the post-withdrawal grant disbursement for all other institutional charges. If the student does not give permission, the student will be offered the funds. However, it may be in his/her best interest to allow the school to keep the funds to reduce the debt at the school. Wesleyan University may not delay its disbursement processes while it ascertains whether a student wishes to receive the grant funds to which the student is entitled. However, while processing the disbursement or notifying the student about his or her eligibility for a Post-Withdrawal Disbursement of loan funds, Wesleyan may, at its discretion, notify the student that it may be beneficial to turn down all or a portion of the grant funds to preserve his or her grant eligibility for attendance at another institution. If a student should independently contact Wesleyan and state that he or she does not wish to receive a grant disbursement, Wesleyan University is not required to make the disbursement. Unofficial Withdrawals A student who has not earned grades for all of his/her classes at the end of the semester will be considered withdrawn unofficially from the University for financial aid purposes. Students are notified of this status if they are considered an unofficial withdrawal. Once the University confirms that the student has received Title IV funding for that particular semester, the Financial Aid Office will calculate the total days attended based upon the last documented academic related activity. In the event that this information is not available, federal aid will be automatically prorated to 50% earned based on the U.S. Department of Education (ED) federal policy. Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Back to top Browser Not Supported You are using a unsupported browser. It may not display all features of this and other websites. Please upgrade your browser .