Skip to Main Content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open full main menu and search Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Back Why Wesleyan Why Wesleyan Overview An Empowering Approach to Education Learning Through Action Expression Through the Arts Research with Impact Engagement is Woven In Together, We Make Wesleyan Back Academics Academics Overview Areas of Study Departments Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Continuing Studies Academic Support Library and Collections Life After Wesleyan Back Admission and Aid Admission and Aid Overview Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Application Process Affordability and Aid Meet the Admission Team Information for School Counselors Back Life at Wesleyan Life at Wesleyan Overview Athletics and Recreation Clubs and Activities Health and Safety Housing and Dining Explore Middletown Explore Campus Back About About Overview Wesleyan at a Glance The Wesleyan Connection Events Leadership Campus Directory Faculty History and Traditions Careers Contact Us Renewing Democracy's Promise Back Areas of Study Areas of Study Back Departments Astronomy Departments Government demo-site College of Design and Engineering Studies Classical Studies Feminist, Gender and Sexuality Studies Theater Psychology Back Undergraduate Academics Undergraduate Academics Overview Open Curriculum First-Year Seminars Three-Year Option Five-Year Program (BA/MA) Summer and Winter Sessions Study Abroad Capstone Experience and Honors Program Back Academic Support Academic Support Overview Advising Peer Tutoring Accessibility Services Back Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Admission Overview First Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Veteran Applicants QuestBridge Applicants Early Decision Applicants Back Affordability and Aid Affordability and Aid Overview Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Applying for Aid Back News The Wesleyan Connection All Categories Back Campus Directory Directory Back Renewing Democracy's Promise Renewing Democracy's Promise Overview About Our Programs FAQ How It Works Participate Democracy250 Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Back to Top [object Object] homepage Admission and Aid Affordability and Aid Applying for Aid At Wesleyan, we're dedicated to helping students and families understand the financial aid process and offering guidance every step of the way. We work closely with students and families to ensure they have a clear understanding of the available aid options and to provide the support needed throughout the application process. When to Apply Application Type Deadline Returning Students November 15 Early Decision I November 15 Early Decision II January 1 Regular Decision January 15 Fall Semester Transfer (Entering September 2027) March 15 Required Documents The Free Application for Student Aid (FAFSA) The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is available to U.S. citizens and permanent residents. Wesleyan's School Code is 001424 Students applying for federal student aid ONLY need to complete this step. Start your FAFSA The CSS Profile by the College Board The CSS Profile by the College Board is used to award non-federal institutional aid. The CSS Noncustodial Parent Profile Form is required for divorced/separated parents of first year students or newly divorced/separated parents of returning students. Wesleyan's Profile School Code is 3959 Start your CSS Profile College Board's Institutional Documents Service (IDOC) Signed copies of the student's and parent's 2025 federal tax returns with all required schedules and W-2s. Signed copies of the student's and parents' 2025 partnership or corporate tax return(s), if applicable. This return is required for parents who are business owners. Upload to IDOC After reviewing application materials, the Financial Aid Office may determine that additional information is needed. The Application Process for First Year Applicants Apply for financial aid as an incoming first year student. US Citizen or Permanent Resident International Students Gap Year Students US Citizen or Permanent Resident Financial Aid Application for 2027-28 Applying as: Deadline: Early Decision I November 15th Early Decision II January 1st Regular Decision January 15th If you apply to Wesleyan and indicate that you will not be seeking financial assistance, you will not be eligible to receive Wesleyan financial aid until after you have been enrolled for one year/two full semesters at the university. Required Documents The Free Application for Student Aid (FAFSA) The CSS Profile by the College Board The CSS Noncustodial Parent Profile Form (if applicable) Signed Federal Tax Return and W-2(s) Business and/or Farm Tax Returns (if applicable) International Students Financial Aid Application for 2027-28 Applying as: Deadline: Early Decision I November 15th Early Decision II January 1st Regular Decision January 15th Wesleyan meets 100% of every admitted student's demonstrated need. While admission for international students seeking financial aid is extremely competitive, candidates from all countries will be considered for need-based financial aid. As an international student, in order to receive financial aid during your years at Wesleyan, you MUST apply for financial aid and be eligible at the time that you apply for admission. African Scholars Program International students applying to Wesleyan University through the Common Application or the Coalition Application through Scoir will automatically be considered for the African Scholars Program , provided that they: Are a citizen or permanent resident of one of Africa's 54 countries, and are NOT a dual U.S. citizen or U.S. permanent resident Are seeking (and qualify for) financial aid Have not previously enrolled full-time in college or university Please note that there is no separate application to be considered for the African Scholars Program. The scholarship covers the full cost of attendance at Wesleyan over a four-year course of study and is awarded to around 10 students each year. Freeman Asian Scholars Program International students applying to Wesleyan University through the Common Application or the Coalition Application through Scoir will automatically be considered for the Freeman Asian Scholarship , as long as they: Are a citizen or permanent resident of China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, or Vietnam, and are NOT a dual U.S. citizen or U.S. permanent resident Are seeking (and qualify for) financial aid Have not previously enrolled full-time in college or university Please note that there is no separate application to be considered for the Freeman Asian Scholarship. The scholarship covers the full cost of attendance at Wesleyan over a four-year course of study and is awarded to around 11 students each year. Required Documents The CSS Profile by the College Board The CSS Noncustodial Parent Profile Form (if applicable) International Student Financial Aid Application If you are unable to submit the CSS Profile or Noncustodial Parent Profile due to financial concerns or if the Profile is not available to you in your country, please complete the International Student Financial Aid Application (ISFAA). Noncustodial parents should complete a separate ISFAA for their own household. Please email the completed ISFAA form(s) to the Financial Aid Office at internationalaid@wesleyan.edu . Gap Year Students Financial Aid Application for 2027-28 Applying as: Deadline: Returning Gap Year February 15th Deferred Enrollment February 15th Required Documents The Free Application for Student Aid (FAFSA) The CSS Profile by the College Board The CSS Noncustodial Parent Profile Form (if applicable) Signed Federal Tax Return and W-2(s) Business and/or Farm Tax Returns (if applicable) Apply for Financial Aid as a... Transfer Student Financial Aid Application for 2027-28 Applying As: Deadline: Fall Transfer March 15th Students that apply to Wesleyan and indicate that they will not be seeking financial assistance will not be eligible to receive Wesleyan financial aid until after the student has been enrolled for one year/two full semesters at the university. Please note that there is no financial aid available to international students wishing to transfer to Wesleyan University. Required Documents The Free Application for Student Aid (FAFSA) The CSS Profile by the College Board The CSS Noncustodial Parent Profile Form (if applicable) Signed Federal Tax Return and W-2(s) Business and/or Farm Tax Returns (if applicable) BLS Student For information about tuition, fees, and payment options, please visit the Bachelor of Liberal Studies website: https://www.wesleyan.edu/bls/tuition.html . Wesleyan institutional need-based grant aid is not available for the BLS Program at this time. However, students who matriculate to the BLS Program may be eligible for Federal Title IV aid, including Pell Grants and Direct Loans. Eligibility for Direct Loans assumes at least half-time enrollment. Required Documents The Free Application for Student Aid (FAFSA) Enrollment Confirmation Form - The Financial Aid Office will receive this form directly from the Continuing Studies Office once the student's enrollment has been confirmed at the end of the drop/add period. If you have not done so already, please contact the Office of Continuing Studies. Loan Request Form - Should you wish to pursue Federal Direct Loans, the Financial Aid Office requires you to submit a written request, stating how much you are seeking to borrow. The 2026-27 Loan Request form can be found here and should be mailed to finaid@wesleyan.edu . Please be advised that Federal Direct Loans can take up to 7 business days to process once the Loan Request Form is received. Award Letter with Students Signature - Once the Financial Aid Office receives confirmation of your enrollment from the Office of Continuing Studies, we will package you with any loans you have requested. For your loans to be disbursed to your Student Account in a timely fashion, a signature is required on your official award letter, which will specify your Cost of Attendance, and will incorporate any forms of financial aid that you are receiving. Signed award letters can be mailed to finaid@wesleyan.edu . Alternative Loans - BLS students that are interested in learning more about alternative loans as a resource to assist them in financing their educational costs are encouraged to go to the Financing Options page . Graduate Student Some graduate programs at Wesleyan offer financial support via scholarships, tuition remission benefits, and stipends tied to assistantships or fellowships. Visit Graduate Studies to learn more about financial support. In addition to program-specific financial assistance, graduate students who are matriculated, enrolled at least half-time and are US Citizens or Eligible Non-Citizens are eligible to apply for a Federal Direct Loan by completing the requirements listed below. Required Documents The Free Application for Student Aid (FAFSA) Enrollment Confirmation Form - The Financial Aid Office will receive this form directly from the Continuing Studies Office once the student's enrollment has been confirmed at the end of the drop/add period. If you have not done so already, please contact the Office of Continuing Studies. Loan Request Form - Should you wish to pursue Federal Direct Loans, the Financial Aid Office requires you to submit a written request, stating how much you are seeking to borrow. The 2027-28 Loan Request form can be found here and should be mailed to finaid@wesleyan.edu . Please be advised that Federal Direct Loans can take up to 7 business days to process once the Loan Request Form is received. Award Letter with Student's Signature - Once the Financial Aid Office receives confirmation of your enrollment from the Office of Continuing Studies, we will package you with any loans you have requested. For your loans to be disbursed to your Student Account in a timely fashion, a signature is required on your official award letter, which will specify your Cost of Attendance, and will incorporate any forms of financial aid that you are receiving. Signed award letters can be mailed to finaid@wesleyan.edu . Satisfactory Academic Progress To maintain eligibility for financial aid, students must maintain satisfactory academic progress (SAP). The Financial Aid Office reviews your academic progress at the end of each semester. You must maintain a minimum GPA and earn enough credits each semester to meet the degree requirements for graduation as defined in the SAP policy . Failure to meet either or both requirements can lead to a warning status for one semester. Students who fail to meet SAP standards by the end of the warning semester must submit an appeal to the Financial Aid Office to determine if a financial aid probation period is possible. Students are not eligible to receive any assistance from the Federal Title IV aid programs or any state aid programs if they fail to meet SAP standards, fail to submit an SAP appeal (if required), and/or fail to receive approval of a submitted SAP appeal. Financial Aid for Current Students If you are a current Wesleyan student and would like to apply for financial aid for the first time, you must email the Financial Aid Office from your Wesleyan email address to advise of this change. Learn More Check Your Application with WesCheck Application decisions for Wesleyan University will be accessible through WesCheck, our dedicated applicant portal. Once online decisions are officially released, applicants will receive an email notification prompting them to log in and check their status. WesCheck Login Additional Resources Financial Aid Office Financial Aid FAQs Student Accounts Get in Touch Financial Aid Office 860-685-2800 860-685-2800 • finaid@wesleyan.edu Take the Next Step Whether you're ready to apply, schedule a visit, or reach out - we're here to help. Apply Visit Request Information Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Contact Resources Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Main Menu Main Menu