Skip to Main Content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open full main menu and search Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Back Why Wesleyan Why Wesleyan Overview An Empowering Approach to Education Learning Through Action Expression Through the Arts Research with Impact Engagement is Woven In Together, We Make Wesleyan Back Academics Academics Overview Areas of Study Departments Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Continuing Studies Academic Support Library and Collections Life After Wesleyan Back Admission and Aid Admission and Aid Overview Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Application Process Affordability and Aid Meet the Admission Team Information for School Counselors Back Life at Wesleyan Life at Wesleyan Overview Athletics and Recreation Clubs and Activities Health and Safety Housing and Dining Explore Middletown Explore Campus Back About About Overview Wesleyan at a Glance The Wesleyan Connection Events Leadership Campus Directory Faculty History and Traditions Careers Contact Us Renewing Democracy's Promise Back Areas of Study Areas of Study Back Departments Astronomy Departments Government demo-site College of Design and Engineering Studies Classical Studies Feminist, Gender and Sexuality Studies Theater Psychology Back Undergraduate Academics Undergraduate Academics Overview Open Curriculum First-Year Seminars Three-Year Option Five-Year Program (BA/MA) Summer and Winter Sessions Study Abroad Capstone Experience and Honors Program Back Academic Support Academic Support Overview Advising Peer Tutoring Accessibility Services Back Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Admission Overview First Year Applicants International Applicants Transfer Applicants Veteran Applicants QuestBridge Applicants Early Decision Applicants Back Affordability and Aid Affordability and Aid Overview Cost of Attendance Types of Aid Applying for Aid Back News The Wesleyan Connection All Categories Back Campus Directory Directory Back Renewing Democracy's Promise Renewing Democracy's Promise Overview About Our Programs FAQ How It Works Participate Democracy250 Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Quick Links Request Info Visit Apply Give News Events Official Athletics Site WesPortal WesSupport Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Back to Top [object Object] homepage Admission and Aid Affordability and Aid Types of Aid At Wesleyan, we believe that every student, no matter their financial background, should have the opportunity to pursue an education that will shape their future. We understand that the cost of college can feel like a significant undertaking for students and their families. That's why accessibility and affordability are central to Wesleyan's financial aid philosophy. To help make a Wesleyan education attainable, we offer a range of need-based financial aid options, including grants and opportunities for on-campus employment, to ensure all students have the support they need. Navigating Financial Aid Together Wesleyan is small by design, but we do things in a big way. Big, as in awarding more than $90 million in need-based aid each year. Our Financial Aid offers are called "packages" because we bundle many types of aid together. We include self-help in the forms of work-study and summer earnings expectations in our packages, which allow students to both earn money toward indirect expenses and gain valuable work experience during their academic journeys. Funding Your Education Grants and Scholarships Self Help Outside Funding and Scholarships Grants and Scholarships Grants and Scholarships Government Grant Programs Pell and Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants (SEOG) may contribute to your grant award if you are eligible. Wesleyan Institutional Need-Based Grant This grant covers your remaining total college costs up to the amount that your demonstrated financial need exceeds the value of your self-help amount. Other Opportunities Small start-up grants of $500 are provided to first-year students whose parents are contributing $7,000 or less to Wesleyan Students with high need may receive a Wesleyan institutional grant for health insurance. These grants are awarded automatically to independent, undocumented, DACA and international students and to other students based on parental income/assets if they do not have comparable coverage. Self Help For first-year students, a work-study component of $2,750 will be included in your financial aid package. Work-study is funded by the federal government and Wesleyan University. Federal work-study is available to eligible U.S. citizens and permanent residents. Students who earn funds to contribute toward their educational expenses may work on campus or at select off-campus locations. Institutional work-study funded by Wesleyan (for international students, undocumented students, DACA students, and certain U.S. domestic students) has the same provisions as the federal work-study program, except employment must occur at on campus sites. Outside Funding and Scholarships We allow outside grants and scholarships to be applied to certain specific college costs. Go to your local library, high school guidance counselor's office, local businesses and civic organizations, and your parents' places of employment to discover viable options; and/or conduct research on search engines such as fastweb.com and www.finaid.org . Tuition Remission Policy Wesleyan's Tuition Remission policy follows that of our Outside Scholarship. If a parent receives tuition remission benefits from their employer, the self-help portion of the student's financial aid package will be reduced or replaced. Tuition remission benefits greater than these amounts will be used to reduce or replace a student's summer earning expectation. If the tuition remission benefit is in excess of the above, the Wesleyan scholarship will be adjusted dollar-for-dollar to ensure that the student's total aid does not exceed the Cost of Attendance. Tuition Remission benefits will not reduce or replace the Parent Contribution. Our Promise We pledge to meet 100% of a student's demonstrated financial need-without loans-for all who are eligible for need-based financial aid, regardless of family income. Learn More Information About Outside Funding Each year, many Wesleyan students receive outside scholarships or grants in recognition of their outstanding academic and extracurricular achievements. Students are encouraged to seek outside scholarships, as they are a great way to reduce or cancel the "self-help" portion of a financial aid package. At Wesleyan, our policy is to use outside scholarships to reduce or replace the work study expectation (i.e. the "self-help") portion of a student's financial aid package. Outside scholarships greater than that amount will be used to reduce or replace a student's summer earnings expectation. If an outside scholarship is in excess of the above, a student may request that the scholarship be applied toward the cost of the university-sponsored health insurance plan (if applicable), or the outside scholarship can be used towards a one-time computer or laptop purchase of up to $1,500. If a student is interested in this option, please contact the Financial Aid Office prior to this purchase. Documentation of the purchase is required. If outside scholarships exceed the amounts of the above items, Wesleyan scholarship will be adjusted dollar-for-dollar to ensure that a students' total aid does not exceed the Cost of Attendance. An outside scholarship will not reduce or replace the Parent Contribution. State scholarships and grants received will reduce Wesleyan Scholarship dollar-for-dollar. If an outside scholarship replaces work-study in your financial aid award, you may find employment even if you are no longer eligible. If you wish to work on campus, review the employment opportunities available in the Handshake system . Additional Resources Financial Aid Office The Monthly Payment Plan Three Year Option Five Year (BA/MA) Program Optional Student Loans Financial Aid FAQs Student Accounts Financial Aid for Current Students If you are a current Wesleyan student and would like to apply for financial aid for the first time, you must email the Financial Aid Office from your Wesleyan email address to advise of this change. Learn More Get in Touch Financial Aid Office 860-685-2800 860-685-2800 • finaid@wesleyan.edu Take the Next Step Whether you're ready to apply, schedule a visit, or reach out - we're here to help. Apply Visit Request Information Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Contact Resources Directory Campus Map WesPortal WesSupport Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Main Menu Main Menu