Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Give Information For Information For Prospective Students Admitted Students Current Students Parents and Families Faculty Staff Alumni Community Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Open Navigation Open search Close search Search the Site Search Why Wesleyan Academics Admission and Aid Life at Wesleyan About Office of International Student Affairs Open sub menu Menu Close sub menu Close Welcome International Student Body ISS Portal Processing Times Check-In FAQs Advising Services Communications Prospective Students New Students Immigration Beyond Immigration Current Students Immigration Beyond Immigration Life After Wes Immigration Beyond Immigration Events & Programs Student Leadership Opportunities International Student Advisory Board (ISAB) Current ISAB Members International Student Orientation (ISO) ISO Student Staff International Buddy Program (IBP) Wesleyan Africans Thriving Together (WATT) Wesleyan International Speakers Program (WISP) International Student Orientation Campus Partnerships & Resources For Departments Contact Us How to Find Us Fisk Hall, Room 105 262 High Street Middletown, CT 06459 oisa@wesleyan.edu International Student Body Video: International Definitions at Wesleyan International Student Definitions The community at Wesleyan is inclusive of various definitions of the term "international student" when providing support and programming. Wesleyan's "narrow" vs "broad" definitions of international students Narrow Definition : All citizenships other than the United States (non-U.S. citizens or non-U.S. permanent residents). These are students who will need to undergo the visa process to enter the United States. Broad Definition : Narrow definition plus U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent residents who went to school outside of the United States. Growing up outside of the United States brings another perspective to the international community. The broad definition also includes Third Culture Kids (also known as Global Nomads and/or Cross-Cultural Kids) - a person who grew up in one or more countries outside their passport country, and having been raised in a foreign culture, created a third culture, or a mixture of the two. U.S. government definitions U.S. Citizen : One who was born in United States territory, or to a parent or parents with U.S. citizenship at the time of birth; or, status granted through the naturalization process. Dual Citizen : A citizen of two countries at the same time. Permanent Resident of the United States : Any person not a citizen of the United States who is residing in the U.S. under legally recognized and lawfully recorded permanent residence as an immigrant. Also known as "Permanent Resident Alien," "Lawful Permanent Resident," "Resident Alien Permit Holder," and "Green Card Holder." PLEASE NOTE: The following international student data is for the 2023-2024 academic year. Infographic : Wes International Students at a Glance Wesleyan is home to 466 international students that comprise 14,32% of the total student body Total 335 students in F-1 Status: Undergrad (280) Graduate (50) Visiting (5) 131 self-identifying international students who are American citizens/permanent residents and dual citizens Representing 60+ countries in the world, mostly from: China (113) India (21) Hong-Kong (13) Popular majors: for Undergrad: Economics (40), Comuter Science (21), Psychology (19), English Language (13), Mathematics (11), Political Science (11), East Asian Studies (10 for Graduate: Ethnomusicology (13), Physics (10), Molecular Biology & Biochemistry (9) Languages: 43+ languages represented 69% of F-1 students are ELLs (English Language Learners) 92% of F-1 students speak at least 2 languages Financial Aid: 25% of international students (84) receive financial aid Average financial aid for international non-resident students is $83,185 annualy Employment after Wes: Currently, 146 Wes International Alumni are employed in the US on OPT (81) and STEM OPT (65) authorization Their education level: Bachelor's (131), Master's (7), Doctorate (8) Wesleyan University Wesleyan Address 45 Wyllys Avenue, Middletown, CT 06459 Phone Number 860-685-2000 Contact Directory Campus Map WesPortal Careers Bookstore Library Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Threads Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on WeChat TikTok RSS Feed © 2026 Wesleyan University Copyright Privacy Title IX Accessibility Consumer Information Nondiscrimination Back to top Browser Not Supported You are using a unsupported browser. It may not display all features of this and other websites. Please upgrade your browser .