Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search Admission International Admission Current Students Admission Mobility Programs Alumni Facebook Chat Widget by PTE Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Prepare for your stay Immigration affairs Cost of living Health insurance Housing How to get to Pécs Where to Eat in Pécs FAQS Experience UP online Request a BROCHURE Meet us! Discover the wealth of opportunities that the University of Pécs has to offer. Explore the details in the side MENU and sign up below to access more information! CHOOSE YOUR STUDY PROGRAM Business and management Education Engineering Law Human and social sciences Medical and health sciences Music and arts Natural sciences Check out our step-by-step video guide for the application process MORE ABOUT THE APPLICATION Meet our Students If you would like to know more about the UP, the student life in Pécs or the study program you interested in feel free to contact our International Student Ambassadors. Based on their own experiences they can give you an idea of what it is like to be a student. Why UP? If you choose the UP you will... More » Meet our Students Contact our International Student Ambassadors to get first-hand information about the student life in Pécs! More » Services The University of Pécs has a lot to offer for its students, click here to find out more about them. More » Student Life The University has transformed Pécs into a Univer-City. More » How to Apply » Entry Requirements » Scholarship » Prepare for your stay » Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login