Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search Study programs Breadcrumb Home Admission Study Programs - Any - Bachelor Master One-tier Master PhD Non-degree Programs Preparatory Courses Language of instruction - Any - English French German Hungarian with English as an intermediary language Hungarian with English support Italian Russian Spanish Study field - Any - Business and Management Education Engineering Human and Social Sciences Law Medical & Health Sciences Music & Arts Natural Sciences Intake - Any - Fall Spring Fall and Spring What do you want to study? Nutritional Sciences MSc Shape the future of nutrition with a Master's in Dietetics and Nutrition Sciences. Gain cutting-edge expertise, research skills, and global insight to lead in health, science, and policy. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Accelerated Pharmacy-Biotechnology Degree Pathway The Accelerated Pharmacy-Biotechnology Degree Pathway is a specialized education path that integrates pharmaceutical sciences with cutting-edge biotechnology education. Language English Duration of Training 5+1 years (12 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Architecture (BSc + MSc) This program trains students to apply their complex knowledge in the areas of architecture and urban planning, as well as in the multi-faceted field of environment formation in general. Language English Duration of Training 5 years (10 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Architecture DLA The Breuer Marcel Doctoral School offers doctoral programmes in architecture with a main focus on heritage protection and energy design. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Archeology The aim of the curriculum is to train undergraduate archaeologists, who are well prepared from the general knowledge of archaeology and the two chosen specialisations, thus able to acquire and systematize the knowledge independently. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Art History, Classical Studies, Film and Visual Studies, Philosophy (within Liberal Arts program) A degree in liberal arts provides ample career opportunities, graduates can be found in nearly all industries and professions thanks to the transferable skills this education ensures. At the University Pécs you may study Liberal Arts, a multidisciplinary program providing you with a wide choice of humanities-related majors. The flexible curriculum enables you to create a degree programme that suits your own interests. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Communication and Media Science Graduates typically work as journalists, editors and content producers at media companies, publishing houses, or as communication experts at commercial or state organizations and NGOs,responsible for press relations, event planning and advertisement. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in English and American Studies Our goal is to develop professionals with a high level of theoretical and practical knowledge in the field of English Studies and related areas of the Social Sciences. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Germanic Studies (Specialisation German as Ethnic Minority Language) Das Programm bietet Studierenden Kurse zur deutschen Sprache, Literatur und Kultur. Somit werden die Studierenden bewandt in den Kernbereichen der Germanistik. In der Fachrichtung „Deutsch als Minderheitensprache" werden ferner Kurse über die deutschsprachige Minderheit in Ungarn angeboten. Die Studierenden erwerben Sprachkenntnisse auf dem Niveau C1, was ihnen sowohl zahlreiche Berufsperspektiven als auch Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten in einem MA-Programm in ganz Europa ermöglicht. Language German Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Germanic Studies (Specialisation German Studies) Das Programm bietet Studierenden Kurse zur deutschen Sprache, Literatur und Kultur. Somit werden die Studierenden bewandt in den Kernbereichen der Germanistik. Die Studierenden erwerben Sprachkenntnisse auf dem Niveau C1, was ihnen sowohl zahlreiche Berufsperspektiven als auch Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten in einem MA-Programm in ganz Europa ermöglicht. Language German Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Hungarian Literature and Linguistics The Hungarian BA-program is designed to train experts in Hungarian language, literature and culture. Language Hungarian with English as an intermediary language Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in International Relations Educates students who want to learn about political systems, international relations, political institutions, history and various fields. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Pedagogy (Intercultural Educational Assistant) At the University of Pécs, Faculty of Humanities you may study pedagogy and intercultural education as a Single Honours degree. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Pre-school Teaching Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development This program is designed for students who want to pursue a career in early childhood education. It includes basic and intermediate studies in matters related to childhood, such as growth, development and learning. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Psychology At the University Pécs you may study psychology as a Single Honours degree. This can lead to careers in, for example, clinical, counselling, educational, forensic, health or occupational psychology. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Romance Philology and Cultures (Specialization in French Studies) Licence en philologie romane (Spécialité d'Études françaises) L'objectif de cette formation de Licence consiste à munir les étudiants de larges connaissances générales dans les domaines de la langue, la littérature, la linguistique et de la civilisation françaises et francophones. Language French Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Romance Philology and Cultures (Specialization in Italian Studies) Filologia romanza e cultura neolatina BA (Specializzazione in studi italiani) L'obiettivo principale della formazione è quello di offrire agli studenti un vasto panorama di studi che riguarda la cultura, la storia, la civiltà, la lingua e la letteratura italiana. Language Italian Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Romance Philology and Cultures (Specialization in Spanish Studies) Lenguas y Culturas Neolatinas, especialidad en Estudios Hispánicos La finalidad del Departamento de Estudios Hispánicos e Iberoamericanos es preparar profesionales en el campo de la Hispanística, en especial en el área de la Literatura, la Lingüística y los Estudios culturales. Las asignaturas son impartidas en español. Language Spanish Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Romology (Roma Studies) /Specialization in Boyash language and culture / Specialization in Romani language and culture/ The aim of the program is to train Romologists (Expert on Roma Studies) who can transmit and communicate Roma Communities related issues to governmental and non-governmental organizations. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BA in Social Work Social professionals are employed in a variety of multi-professional settings; and support individuals, families and communities that experience difficulties in their lives. Language English Duration of Training 3,5 years (7 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 11/30/2026 BEd Training Elementary School Teachers for German Ethnic Minorities Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Training is based on grammar, language development and methodology for elementary school teachers. Language German Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Non-degree Programs Deadline of Application 02/01/2027 BEd Training Kindergarten Teachers for German Ethnic Minorities Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Training is based on grammar, language development and methodology for kindergarten teachers. Language German Duration of Training 1 year (2 semesters) Academic Level/Type Non-degree Programs Deadline of Application 07/31/2027 BSc in Architectural Engineering This program trains students to apply their complex knowledge in the areas of architecture and urban planning, as well as in the multi-faceted field of environment formation in general. Language English Duration of Training 3.5 years (7 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Biology The study program offers complete education in biology with core subjects covering neurobiology, genetics, microbiology, animal and plant ecology, botany, zoology, and plant physiology. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Biotechnology The program provides deep theoretical understanding of natural sciences with hands on experience in cutting edge technologies. The diploma issued by the Faculty of Pharmacy is accepted by all European Union member states and several other countries. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Business Administration and Management The overall purpose of our EFMD accredited program is to train and educate professionals who can manage ethically, sensitively and holistically in a range of organizations in an increasingly global and rapidly changing environment. Language English Duration of Training 3.5 years (7 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 BSc in Chemistry The study program offers complete education in chemistry, with directions in inorganic and organic chemistry, analytical and environmental chemistry, and physical chemistry. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Civil Engineering This program is accredited by the Institute of Building Construction and meets the requirements to train innovative, up-to-date civil engineers who go on to design cities with structure. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Computer Science The Computer Science BSc line offers full 3-year-education in computer science and programming. The aim of the course is to educate students who will be able to work in the IT sector as coders or software developers, or continue their studies. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Computer Science Engineering The Bachelor of Computer Science Engineering focuses on design and technology within a 7-semester undergraduate training. Language English Duration of Training 3.5 years (7 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/15/2027 BSc in Dietetics Come and join us if you agree that "you are what you eat", prefer to eat a smartly selected, large variety of foods, and would like to upgrade all this knowledge to the scientific level. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Earth Sciences The Earth Sciences BSc program provides a general bachelor level education in earth sciences and also offering the possibility to specialize in Geology. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Geography The Geography BSc program offers complete education in geography, with special directions in Landscape and environmental studies, Regional and settlement development and also in Tourism. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Mechanical Engineering The study program includes modules in the practical aspects of planning and industrial management sciences, as well as in systems engineering, studying mechanical, mechatronic, and electronic aspects. Language English Duration of Training 3.5 years (7 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/15/2027 BSc in Nursing Prevention, treatment, nursing and rehabilitation at all levels of health and social care Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Physical Training The objective of the Physical Training BSc is to prepare students in the science of physical education and coaching. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Physics The Physics BSc line offers full 3-year-education in physics. The study program for the full time training offers complete education in physics, with special directions particularly in Informatics in physics and Applied physics. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 BSc in Physiotherapy Come and join as if you are interested in art of healing with natural energy and movement therapies. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Ceramics Design MA Faculty of Arts At the Ceramics Design courses students are introduced to a wide range of silicate materials from classical materials of ceramic design up to concrete. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Choir Conducting MA Faculty of Arts The activity of choral conductors holding a degree belongs to the field of choral art. It involves forming new ensembles, leading different types of choirs, actual conducting work. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Instrumental Music Performance BA in flute Faculty of Arts The goal of our BA programs in the field of classical music is to train professionals who shall be able to enrich and spread Hungarian and European music tradition via their performance as musicians. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Instrumental Music Performance BA in guitar Faculty of Arts The goal of our BA programs in the field of classical music is to train professionals who shall be able to enrich and spread Hungarian and European music tradition via their performance as musicians. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Instrumental Music Performance BA in piano Faculty of Arts The goal of our BA programs in the field of classical music is to train professionals who shall be able to enrich and spread Hungarian and European music tradition via their performance as musicians. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Instrumental Music Performance BA in viola Faculty of Arts The goal of our BA programs in the field of classical music is to train professionals who shall be able to enrich and spread Hungarian and European music tradition via their performance as musicians. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Instrumental Music Performance BA in violin Faculty of Arts The goal of our BA programs in the field of classical music is to train professionals who shall be able to enrich and spread Hungarian and European music tradition via their performance as musicians. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Instrumental Music Performance MA in cello Faculty of Arts These programs are for the truly committed - for those young artists who do have the aim to be on stage regularly. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Instrumental Music Performance MA in viola Faculty of Arts These programs are for the truly committed - for those young artists who do have the aim to be on stage regularly. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Music Performance MA in flute Faculty of Arts Our Master of Music Programmes in instrument performance (Piano, Violin, Flute and Guitar) focus on developing music performance skills and artistic qualities on the highest level possible. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Music Singing BA Faculty of Arts The course helps students prepare for their role as a teacher. Its goal is to map out this task, to increase self-awareness, to understand and interiorize this role and to initiate taking on this task. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Musical Instrumental Performance MA in piano Faculty of Arts Our Master of Music Programmes in instrument performance (Piano, Violin, Flute and Guitar) focus on developing music performance skills and artistic qualities on the highest level possible. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Musical Instrumental Performance MA in guitar Faculty of Arts Our Master of Music Programmes in instrument performance (Piano, Violin, Flute and Guitar) focus on developing music performance skills and artistic qualities on the highest level possible Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Musical Instrumental Performance MA in violin Faculty of Arts Our Master of Music Programmes in instrument performance (Piano, Violin, Flute and Guitar) focus on developing music performance skills and artistic qualities on the highest level possible. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Classical Singing MA - specialising in Opera Faculty of Arts The students of the Opera Singing MA programme will receive a wide spectrum of theoretical and practical training during the four semesters of the programme. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Dentistry in English This programme provides complete theoretical and practical training in dentistry. The diploma issued by the Medical School is accepted by all European Union countries and several other countries (Norway, USA, Canada, Israel, etc.) Language English Duration of Training 5 years (10 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Dentistry in German (Zahnmedizin) Every year 170 students begin their studies in the German Programme of the Medi­cal School at the University of Pécs. A six-year General Medicine Program and a five-year Dentistry Program are available. Language German Duration of Training 5 years (10 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 07/10/2027 Designer Making - Specializing in Ceramics Design BA Faculty of Arts Our Designer Making BA program offers an opportunity to practice and improve in a wide range of activities. Students are introduced to the possibility of experimenting and combining design, material research, 3D design and 3D printing. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Designer Making - Specializing in Fashion and Textiles Design BA Faculty of Arts The Faculty of Arts offers a tapestry art training program, as part of the Fashion and Textile Design specialization. Founded in 1367, the university provides a unique opportunity to study contemporary tapestry art in an inspiring historical environment. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Electronic Music and Media Art BA Faculty of Arts This program is recommended for those, who are interested in sound, noise, silence and their electronic / digital forms. For those, who don't accept the media of sound and vision in the closed box, but would rather open it for experimenting, improvising. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 05/15/2027 Fast-Track PharmD Students who already hold a BSc degree in Pharmacy can join the Pharmacy program without having to restart their studies. This option provides a streamlined opportunity to advance their pharmaceutical education efficiently. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 05/01/2027 Foundation Year for Classical Instrumental Music Performance Bachelor Program Faculty of Arts The Institute of Music at the Faculty of Music and Visual Arts intends to launch self-funded one-year preparatory programs in order to enhance the quality and academic standards of its English-language Bachelor's degree programmes. Language English Duration of Training 2 semesters Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 07/15/2027 Foundation Year for Classical Instrumental Music Performance Master Program Faculty of Arts The Institute of Music at the Faculty of Music and Visual Arts intends to launch self-funded one-year preparatory programs in order to enhance the quality and academic standards of its English-language Master degree programs. Language English Duration of Training 2 semesters Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 07/15/2027 General Medicine in English This programme provides complete theoretical and practical training in medicine. Language English Duration of Training 6 years (12 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 General Medicine in German (Allgemeine Humanmedizin) Every year 170 students begin their studies in the German Programme of the Medi­cal School at the University of Pécs. A six-year General Medicine Program and a five-year Dentistry Program are available. Language German Duration of Training 6 years (12 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 07/10/2027 Graphic Artist Specialising in Graphic Design OTM (BA+MA) Faculty of Arts The aim of the programme is to train graphic artists who are capable of artistic work within the field of drawing-based graphic genres. Language English Duration of Training 5 years (10 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Hungarian Language Courses: Preparatory Courses The Hungarian Language Programme offers an intensive preparatory course with 30 lessons per week. Students progress from Pre-A to A2 in the first semester, and from B1 to B2 in the second semester, while also taking specialised language courses in their chosen academic field. Language Hungarian with English support Duration of Training 5/10 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Kodály System - Postgraduate Specialist Training Programme Faculty of Arts The objective of this Postgraduate Certificate Program, the Kodály System Specialist Training Program is to train professionals of musical competences who are able to make their students feel the emotional dominance of musical education and consider the artistic, communicative, and educational function of music as well as its functions of personality development and conveying experiences. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Non-degree Programs Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 MA in Adult Education (Andragogy) The aim of the program is to train adult learning and education professionals, who understand and recognise that education is a process of human, cultural and social development that takes place in the family/at home, in communities, in schools and the workplace in accordance with lifelong learning. Through this program, participants will collect valuable knowledge and quality skills to work effectively with adults either on formal or in non-formal structures or, additionally, to work in policy or providing services for adult learners at institutions or organisations of adult education at local/regional, national or international levels. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Aesthetics (Specialisation in Classics) The program enables you to engage in scholarship and research at Masters level within the sphere of aesthetics, philosophies and theories of art. The basic module provides both a chronological overview of the most important stages of philosophical thinking about art and in-depth analysis of the main issues in contemporary philosophical discourse on art. The Classical Studies specialisation provides theoretical knowledge of the arts of antiquity and the early Middle Ages, as well as practical knowledge of how to deal with ancient art in contemporary culture. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in American Studies At the University of Pécs, you may study American Studies at the MA level. The Institute of English Studies teaches the newly registered program providing students with a comprehensive knowledge of American society, history, politics, and culture with a special study track in North American literatures and literary studies. As defined by the curriculum, studies for the MA in American Studies consist of two years of core courses and electives, and the public defense of a thesis demonstrating the student's original research in a selected field of American Studies. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters ) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Archeology The aim of the curriculum is to train professionals who are able to practice the profession of archaeologist with their general knowledge of archaeology and their knowledge of the chosen discipline and their auxiliary sciences. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Balkan Studies At the University of Pécs you may acquire practical and professional knowledge, as well as its theoretical foundations which enable you to find employment in the public and private sector, standing your ground, thanks to useful attainments regarding the Balkan region. Familiarity with Balkan languages is also part of the training and special attention is paid to the fact that you can continue your studies in this field through a doctorate course. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Cultural Heritage Studies The goal of the program is to prepare professionals capable of preserving, managing, and promoting cultural heritage in an increasingly globalised world. Combining cultural history and theory with practical knowledge of heritage management, project management, law, marketing, and cultural mediation, the programme equips students with the interdisciplinary skills needed to work in heritage institutions, public administration, cultural organisations, and the private sector. Students gain expertise in archaeological, built, material, intangible, and digital heritage, as well as in the methods and best practices for their preservation and communication. Language English Duration of Training 4 semesters, 2 year Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in English Studies The goal of the degree program is to train experts in the field of English Studies who have sound theoretical, methodological and practical knowledge of the English language and can apply such knowledge in practice. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in History At the University Pécs, you can acquire theoretical and practical skills that enable you to pursue individual historical research in one of the following fields: Ancient History, Medieval and Early Modern History, and Modern History. Besides providing a few general thematic courses spanning from Antiquity to the Present, the program focuses primarily on research skills specific to the areas of the chronological divisions mentioned. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Human Ecology The aim of the study program is to train theoretical and practical human ecologists who, knowing the interactions between social and natural systems, are able to explore the social dimension of environmental problems, analyze social and cultural processes from an ecological perspective, and plan and organize them on a local and global level. Language English Duration of Training 4 semesters Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Human Resources Counseling The purpose of this course is to educate and train professionals who are experts in providing help to organisations and companies regarding any area of human resources management, one of the functional areas of leadership counselling. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Interior and Spatial design The aim of the program is the training of interior design artists who, in liaison with architects and other design professionals, are capable of solving issues regarding aesthetic, functional, and psychological aspects of a given space or spaces. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 12/10/2026 MA in International and European Law (Online) Faculty of Law The "Master's in International and European Law" is an innovative English-language distance learning program (online) offered by the University of Pécs, Faculty of Law. This program provides a comprehensive and practice-oriented approach. Language English Duration of Training 1,5 year (3 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 MA in International Relations The goal of the MA degree program in International Relations is to train highly qualified experts with broad education in the social sciences who can interpret Hungary's place and role in the international situation and in Europe. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Psychology The aim of the programme is to train professionals in psychology, who with their knowledge acquired in the various fields of psychology can face the mental challenges of the contemporary world. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in Social Policy The aim of the program is to train social policy professionals who, with their acquired theoretical and methodological knowledge, are able to participate in the formulation of policies in the field of societal and social policy. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 11/30/2026 MA in Social Work The study programme is designed to train Social Workers who are competent in Social Work practice and are prepared to introduce professional innovations while protecting human rights and representing the values of social justice. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 11/30/2026 MA in Sociology (Data Analytics) Master studies in Sociology at the University Pécs come with a focus on data analytics. Grounded in up-to-date knowledge of social theory and insight into a wide range of social challenges, the program focuses on mastering applied research, advanced level statistics, and the implementation of various empirical research methods in the study of current social issues. Language English Duration of Training 4 semesters Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MA in the Instruction of English as a Foreign Language The Instruction of English as a Foreign Language program offers a two-semester practice-oriented approach to help you pursue your career as an English teacher. It will provide you with the expertise you need to understand key issues and trends in language learning and teaching in a range of contexts. It also helps you gain an in-depth understanding of the links between theory, practice and research and apply your knowledge in the area of classroom instruction, assessment and materials development. Language English Duration of Training 1 year (2 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Architectural Engineering This programme trains students to apply their complex knowledge in the areas of architecture and urban planning, as well as in the multi-faceted field of environment formation in general. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Biology The study program for full-time training offers a complete education in biology, with special directions particularly in molecular biology (neurobiology, genetics, microbiology), and animal and plant ecology. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Biomedical Engineering The aim of the program is to train engineers who have interdisciplinary theoretical and practical knowledge and skills, complementing their basic knowledge of engineering, IT, medical and health sciences. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/15/2027 MSc in Biotechnology The MSc course aims to educate biotechnologists who possess a high level of theoretical and practical knowledge of biotechnology with medical and pharmaceutical sciences in focus. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Business Development The enterprise development major enables students to engage with the theory of entrepreneurship in relation to how it is practiced in Hungary, Europe, and also internationally. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 09/30/2026 MSc in Chemistry The students who have studied chemistry, biochemistry, physics, and pharmacy in undergraduate level (BSc) will complete their knowledge at Master of Science level. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Clinical Laboratory Science The aim of the Master's Degree Programme is to train clinical laboratory research professionals who are familiar with the general and specific rules and requirements of clinical research and are capable of actively conducting clinical research in practice Language English Duration of Training 1,5 year (3 semester) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Complex Rehabilitation Empower recovery with an MSc in Complex Rehabilitation - where physical, psychological and social healing come together to transform lives. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Computer Science Engineering The program aims to provide engineers from technical disciplines relevant to information technology sciences with the skills to pursue a career in computer and information engineering. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/15/2027 MSc in Earth Sciences The Earth Sciences master's program provides a multi-disciplinary approach: field work, analytical methods, lab experiments, numerical simulation, e-learning, case study analysis, and teamwork. It will allow you to understand the natural processes which have shaped Earth in deep time through to those that generate environmental change today. In addition, you'll undertake courses designed to broaden your understanding of the role of science in society and industry and to improve your science communication skills. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Environmental Education and Sustainability Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development The aim of the master's program is to train professionals who possess theoretical and practical knowledge that will enable them to play a decisive role in the change of attitude that is necessary in education for a sustainable future. Language English Duration of Training 1,5 year (3 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 MSc in Environmental Education and Sustainability (Online) Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development The aim of the master's program is to train professionals who possess theoretical and practical knowledge that will enable them to play a decisive role in the change of attitude that is necessary in education for a sustainable future. Language English Duration of Training 1,5 year (3 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 MSc in Geography During this 4-semester Master degree program, our students will focus on GIS methods and remote sensing tool applied in surface geomorphology both in a classroom environment and in the field. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Geoinformatics During this 4-semester Master's degree program, our students will focus on Geographic Information System (GIS) methods and remote sensing tools applications. They will have the opportunity to join in and participate in research and scientific projects run by IGES. The Institute has research collaborations with global companies and international relations with research groups from Switzerland, Poland, Spain, Slovenia, China, and the US. These projects may provide internships for our students to experience the international atmosphere and scientific skills and knowledge. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Human Kinesiology Master the science of human movement and turn it into a powerful career in performance, wellness or rehabilitation. Become the expert athletes, patients and organizations rely on. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in International Economy and Business (Online) Provides advanced knowledge of international economics and business, preparing graduates for economic analysis, strategic decision-making, and careers in international companies, finance, public institutions, or PhD studies. Language English Duration of Training 2 years; 4 semesters Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 10/31/2026 MSc in Management and Leadership This training programme is particularly recommended for those who already have a BSc degree in economics, but would like to further develop their skills in this area in the Master's programme. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 09/30/2026 MSc in Nursing APRN (Intensive Care) The APRN provide patient-centered, high quality care by partnering with patients and their caregivers. Nurse Practitioners combine their clinical expertise with health prevention and health management and deliver a unique blend of nursing and medical care. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Nursing APRN (Primary Care) The APRN provide patient-centered, high quality care by partnering with patients and their caregivers. Nurse Practitioners combine their clinical expertise with health prevention and health management and deliver a unique blend of nursing and medical care Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Physics Optics and Laser Physics, Physics of Quantum Systems, Atomic and Molecular Physics encompass the science of the main areas of Physics based on the bachelor's level of Physics. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Physiotherapy The aim of the master program is to expand the knowledge acquired during the BSc, and to train physiotherapist professionals, who are able to provide scientific measurements and assessments of the physiotherapy activities. Language English Duration of Training 1,5 year (3 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Sports Coaching Become the specialist your sport deserves. Master elite coaching, science-based training and sport-specific expertise in basketball, fencing, swimming, table tennis or water polo. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Sports Management Become a future-ready sports leader with our MSc in Sports Management - master planning, leadership and the dynamics shaping today's sport industry. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 MSc in Structural Engineering The course is aimed at people who are interested in building- structure, it is open to structural engineers, and civil engineers with a bachelor degree or a degree in a related field of study. Language English Duration of Training 1.5 years (3 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/15/2027 Orchestral and Choral Conducting BA Faculty of Arts Aim of the program: To educate musicians who - with their performing skills, theoretical knowledge, and highly developed musical abilities - enrich and spread the Hungarian and European music culture. Language English Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Academic Level/Type Bachelor Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Painting OTM (BA+MA) Faculty of Arts Exploration of the student's personality, his/her visual skills and directions of interest based on the works done before the entrance examination. Language English Duration of Training 5 years (10 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Pharmacy in English This programme provides complete theoretical and practical training in pharmacy. The diploma issued by the Faculty of Pharmacy is accepted by all European Union countries and several other countries. Language English Duration of Training 5 years (10 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 PhD in Architectural Engineering The Breuer Marcel Doctoral School offers doctoral programmes in architecture with a main focus on heritage protection and energy design. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 PhD in Biology and Sport Biology There are several research topics from the fields of genetics, microbiology, plant biology, ecology and regulatory biology. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 PhD in British, Irish, and American Literatures in English At the University Pécs you may study British, Irish and American literatures in English at PhD level. The newly registered program brings together collegial expertise at the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences to provide students with the appropriate background in literary history and theory, cultural studies as well as in the fields of British, Irish and American Literatures to provide students with the required courses and tutoring to work towards a PhD completed in eight semesters or four years. The core curriculum is supplemented by a component of individual research and other scholarly and educational activities throughout. Students are required to take a comprehensive exam related to their studies and research, and submit and publicly defend a dissertation at the Doctoral School of Literary Studies at Faculty of Humanities and Social Science, University of Pécs. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 PhD in Business Administration The IPhD program combines the advantages of contact-based and distance-based education and aims at professionals in business or public administration with several years of experience. Language English Duration of Training 4 semester educational period + the research period Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/15/2027 PhD in Chemistry The curriculum offers postgraduate training and a PhD Degree in a wide range of fields in chemical sciences. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 PhD in Earth Sciences The Doctoral School of Earth Sciences offers a four-year training and research program in various fields of geography, geology and meteorology. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 PhD in Educational Sciences (Educational theory, history and sociology, romology) At the University Pécs, you may study the specialties of educational research. Our doctoral school of Education offers Hungarian and English programs as well in the field of History, theory, and sociological perspectives of Education. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 PhD in Health Sciences Interdisciplinarity is a major feature of our Doctoral School, as almost all sub-disciplines of Health Sciences are represented within the eligible research areas. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 PhD in International Politics At the University Pécs you may study International Politics designed for professionals who intend to foster research about the actors, processes, intersections, and complexities of the global arena in an interdisciplinary manner. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 PhD in Law Faculty of Law The remarkable connections of the Faculty and the multidisciplinary research method create a unique opportunity to undertake research in any field of law and the related disciplines. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) (180 credits) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 06/15/2027 PhD in Medical Sciences (Basic Medical Sciences, Clinical Medical Sciences, Clinical Neurosciences, Interdisciplinary Medical Sciences, Pharmacological and Pharmaceutical Science) The structure of the PhD programs of the Medical Faculty is similar to those of most European and American universities. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/08/2027 PhD in Physics The Doctoral School of Physics covers the fields that constitute the subject of research in the Institute of Physics. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 PhD in Psychology At the University Pécs you may study psychology at doctoral level. This can help you start a career at academic institutions, private or state-own research companies, or for-profit businesses, where you can transfer your broad knowledge into an applied field. Language English Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 PhD in Regional Development International PhD Program in Regional Development for professionals who have collected several years of experience in their field working at national, regional and local levels of decision making or at think tank. Language English Duration of Training 4 semester educational period + the research period Academic Level/Type PhD Deadline of Application 05/15/2027 Preparatory Courses in English for Architecture and Engineering International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for Biology International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for Business Studies International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for English and American Studies International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for Health Sciences (Nursing, Physiotherapy, Midwifery, Dietetics) International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for International Relations International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for Medical Studies (General Medicine, Pharmacy, Dentistry, Medical Biotechnology) International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for Psychology International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Preparatory Courses in English for Social Work International Studies Center International Studies Center offers complex and integrated preparatory programs for degree studies that meet the language development needs of international students and facilitate their integration into the context of higher education in Hungary. Language English Duration of Training 5/10/15 months Academic Level/Type Preparatory Courses Deadline of Application 10/20/2026 Recreation MSc This training program prepares recreation management professionals to promote active, health-oriented lifestyles and improve the quality of life for diverse groups and individuals. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Sculpture OTM (BA+MA) Faculty of Arts The aim of the training is to educate sculptors who can carry out artistic sculpting activity using their acquired plastic knowledge. Language English Duration of Training 5 years (10 semesters) Academic Level/Type One-tier Master Deadline of Application 06/01/2027 Tourism Management MSc The Tourism Management MSc develops strategic expertise to manage tourism businesses and destinations, combining innovation and responsible decision-making to support their competitiveness, sustainability and community well-being. Language English Duration of Training 2 years (4 semesters) Academic Level/Type Master Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login