Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search Admission How to Apply Breadcrumb Home Admission How to Apply Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Prepare for your stay Immigration affairs Cost of living Health insurance Housing How to get to Pécs Where to Eat in Pécs FAQS Experience UP online Request a BROCHURE Meet us! Every year, thousands of students choose to apply for the study programs of the University of Pécs from more than 100 countries. Will you be one of them? Find out and make an application! 1. Learn about the available study programs , fees, and entrance requirements . 2. Choose your favorite program, click on Apply Now , and start your application. 3. Register on our application site , fill out the application form, upload the necessary documents, pay the application fee, and submit your application! 4. When we receive your application fee, we start the evaluation of your application and invite you to the entrance exam or Skype interview. 5. If you succeed in the entrance exam/Skype interview, you will receive the Conditional Acceptance Letter and a notification for tuition fee payment. 6. When we receive your tuition fee, we issue you the Letter of Admission, and you can start arranging your travel to Pécs! Check out our step-by-step video guide for the application process: Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login