Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search Admission Entry requirements Breadcrumb Home Admission Entry requirements Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Prepare for your stay Immigration affairs Cost of living Health insurance Housing How to get to Pécs Where to Eat in Pécs FAQS Experience UP online Request a BROCHURE Meet us! ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS ADMISSION RULES AND REFUND POLICY ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS The University of Pécs welcomes applications from candidates worldwide. Admission requirements are the minimum academic standards that the University requires in order to consider you for entry into one of our degree programs: For General Admission Requirements for Undergraduate (BA/BSc, OTM, Preparatory) programs, click here Requirements for all other levels of study (BEd training, Non-degree Postgraduate Specialist Training, MA/MSc, PhD, DLA) can be found on the individual program pages under 'Application requirements'. The preparatory program is designed to improve language proficiency and does not serve as a foundation pathway or substitute for the required level of prior education for university admission (e.g. O-levels, SSC, or equivalent secondary school qualifications). To be eligible for admission to the University of Pécs, applicants must meet both general and program-specific requirements. General requirements apply to all students, while each program may set additional academic criteria. For example, engineering programs may expect a stronger background in mathematics. Detailed entry requirements are available on the individual program pages. ELIGIBILITY PREPARATORY COURSES In order to be offered a place in a preparatory course, you must have successfully completed your upper secondary (high school) education or have been awarded a college degree . BACHELOR PROGRAMS In order to be offered a place in a bachelor's (first cycle or undergraduate) program, you must have successfully completed your upper secondary (high school) education and be able to demonstrate the minimum language requirement . BACHELOR OF EDUCATION (BED)TRAINING In order to be offered a place in BEd training, you must have been awarded a Bachelor's degree in Teaching by an internationally recognized university and be able to demonstrate the minimum language requirement . MASTER PROGRAMS In order to be offered a place in a master's (second cycle or graduate) program, you must have been awarded a Bachelor's degree by an internationally recognized university and be able to demonstrate the minimum language requirement . PHD PROGRAMS In order to be offered a place in a PhD program, you must have been awarded a Master's degree by an internationally recognized university and be able to demonstrate the minimum language requirement . NON-DEGREE POSTGRADUATE SPECIALIST TRAINING In order to be offered a place in Postgraduate Specialist Training, you must have been awarded a Bachelor's or Master's degree by an internationally recognized university and be able to demonstrate the minimum language requirement . LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS Strong knowledge of the language of instruction is essential to take our courses in English or other languages. Click here to see our language requirements International students are not required to speak Hungarian in order to participate in the University of Pécs programs offered in foreign languages. However, you are encouraged to learn some Hungarian in order to be able to communicate with the local people (although the majority of young people and, certainly, your teachers will speak English). To develop your Hungarian, you can join various Hungarian preparatory courses. For Hungarian language courses, click here For some useful words in Hungarian, click here RULES OF THE ADMISSION PROCEDURE AND REFUND POLICY To ensure a transparent and smooth application process, the University of Pécs follows a set of formal regulations governing admission procedures, all fees related to the application, and refund conditions. Below, you will find a guide-compliant version of the official rules, prepared to help applicants understand the key steps and responsibilities involved. For full details, please consult the document linked below. FOR THE GUIDE-COMPLIANT VERSION OF THE RULES AND THE REFUND POLICY, CLICK HERE ADDITIONAL RESOURCES For further guidance throughout your application journey, you can explore our most helpful support materials. These resources provide clear answers to common questions and step-by-step instructions. FOR THE FAQ, CLICK HERE FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO APPLY, CLICK HERE Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login