Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search Admission FAQS Breadcrumb Home Admission FAQS Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Prepare for your stay Immigration affairs Cost of living Health insurance Housing How to get to Pécs Where to Eat in Pécs FAQS Experience UP online Request a BROCHURE Meet us! Browse by topic - Any - Application Costs and fees Enrolment Entering Hungary Housing Requirements Scholarship Student life and services Studying and courses Upon arrival What is the NEPTUN Unified Education System and how can I use it? The NEPTUN is an online educational administration system for students enrolled to the University of Pécs. This electronic database contains the personal data and full academic study records (registration, courses, exams, grades and credits) of all registered students of the university. Within the system you can manage your student status, your course and exam registration, your financial transactions for items which students are expected to pay to the university or to the dormitory and also access the materials that the lecturers uploaded. At the beginning of your studies at our university, you will receive a NEPTUN code that you can use to sign into the system. Click here and check out the user's guide for NEPTUN. When is the beginning of the spring semester and when is the beginning of the fall semester? The fall semester begins in September. The spring semester begins in February. For more detailed information please check the Academic Calendar of the given Faculty: Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities Faculty of Law Faculty of Music and Visual Arts Faculty of Medicine and Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences Faculty of Sciences Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development International Studies Center What makes our University unique? The University of Pécs, the oldest and one of the most prestigious universities in Hungary was founded in 1367. Today it is one of the largest Institutions of Higher Education in the country and offers a wide spectrum of courses to some 25,000 students in approximately 500 different study programs. The University of Pécs provides a truly international learning environment - it has been running degree programs in English for more than 30 years, becoming one of the most internationalized universities in Hungary. We are proud to host more than 5,700 international students each year - students who come from 146 countries across the globe. What we can guarantee is a gorgeous location, a safe environment, and a unique Study Abroad experience for international students. Are the degrees issued by the University of Pécs recognized/accredited in the USA, EU, Canada / my home country? The University of Pécs is internationally recognized, its degrees acknowledged worldwide, and its course credits are transferable in all countries in the European Union. To ensure high international standards, strict quality control measures are applied. The Hungarian Accreditation Committee (HAC) conducts continuous institutional and program accreditation procedures and monitors the quality of educational activity for compliance with the European Standards and Guidelines. The University of Pécs and its courses are accredited by HAC. Many of our Faculties and study programs have earned international accreditations already and our Faculties are continuously working on to gain further prominent recognitions. Some of our most prominent accreditations and recognitions: BSc in Business Administration and Management: EFMD EPAS program accreditation Medical School: Medical Board of California In addition to the diploma, students are provided with a special supplement that is recognized all over the European Union. This Diploma Supplement model was developed by the European Commission, Council of Europe and UNESCO/CEPES. The purpose of the supplement is to provide sufficient independent data to improve the international 'transparency' and fair academic and professional recognition of qualifications (diplomas, degrees, certificates etc.). It is designed to provide a description of the nature, level, context, content, and status of the studies that were pursued and successfully completed by the individual named on the original qualification to which this supplement is appended. How are your programs organized? What is the duration of my program of study? The first cycle programs last 6-8 semesters (3-4 years, 180-240 credit points) and lead to a Bachelor's degree. The second cycle programs leading to a Master's degree, last 2-4 semesters (1-2 years, 60-120 credit points). The OTM (One-tier Master programs) last 10-12 semesters (5-6 years, 240-360 credit points) and lead to a Master's degree. A three-year doctoral program is a postgraduate alternative to follow any Master's or equivalent qualification. For the exact duration of your program, please check out the individual program page . How do I apply? You can find a step-by-step guide and a video guide as well in our How to Apply section. How long after the closing date will a decision be made? Most admission decisions should be available within 15 days after the closing date. In some cases the notification dates may significantly differ. How will I learn the result of my application? The relevant departmental decision will be sent via email through our online application system where you can also see the result by logging in to the system with your registration code. Are there admission quotas for certain countries or regions? No. The Faculties of the University of Pécs admit students based on a combination of academic merit, professional experience, and demonstrated preparation for their intended degree programs. How do I apply for multiple programs? On our online application website, you have a chance to apply for a maximum of 3 different programs. The admission offices will consider your priorities, so make sure that your first choice is on the first place. Please note , that if you apply for more than one programs offered by more than one Faculties, you will have to pay application fees per Faculties. For example, if you apply for Nursing BSc offered by the Faculty of Health Sciences and also for Chemistry BSc and Biology BSc offered by the Faculty of Sciences, you will have to pay two application fees: one to the Faculty of Health Sciences and one to the Faculty of Sciences. When is the application deadline? Our programs have specific deadlines that are indicated on the individual program pages. Does UP consider late applications? Late applications are considered on a case-by-case basis. Contact the relevant Faculty in order to get to know more information on late application. Here you can find the contact information for each Faculty. Can I request deferment of admission? Deferment of admission is not a standard option for admitted students at the UP. Individual departments (Faculties) may sometimes allow deferment for exceptionally qualified candidates. Does the University of Pécs work with agencies? The University of Pécs works closely with a wide range of educational agencies, counselors and international academic services throughout the world. These agents and counselors can advise on the most suitable course for you, and offer support and advice throughout the application process. Here you can find the list based on countries. Can I transfer my credits? You can initiate credit transfer based on your previous academic studies during the first semester of your studies. We also recommend that you indicate your credit transfer request in your application as well. To recognize credits, the student has to submit an official request in the Neptun system, supported by an official transcript, official syllabuses and the list of the requested courses as an attachment. The syllabus provides a detailed description of each of the units that the student has completed. The decision on credit transfer request is made by the given Faculty's Credit Transfer Committee. If you wish to know which credits you will probably be able to transfer before you apply, you can contact the program coordinator. How I can find a supervisor for my PhD studies? In order to find a supervisor for your PhD studies, please contact the relevant Faculty. Here you can find the contact details. Can I apply for ERASMUS+ mobility at your university? If you are interested in Erasmus+ mobility programs, please visit https://international.pte.hu/mobility-programs or contact the Mobility Office at erasmus@pte.hu . What is your refund policy in case of visa refusal? Students whose visa applications are rejected may be eligible for a full or partial refund of their tuition fees. In case you do not get your visa for any reason, please send the proof of visa rejection to the responsible program coordinator . Here you can find all the details of the unified rules for tuition fee refund (Chapter II, pharagraphs 10-11) Refund requests can only be made in relation to the tuition fee. The registration, application fees, and the price of the books are non-refundable The cost of the bank transfer must be paid by the applicant. Why do I have to provide my mother's name in my application? The mother's name is an important piece of information for personal identification in Hungary and is required for several purposes such as obtaining a residence permit, opening a bank account, etc. Please note that it is your mother's BIRTH (or maiden) name you need to enter, not the one she has used after her marriage. I am not an EU-citizen and will need a visa to Hungary. However, I do not currently have a passport. Can I apply all the same? You can register in our online application system , fill out the application form and leave your passport information blank until you receive your passport. However, please note that you will not be able to submit your application until you complete that part, therefore the evaluation process can only start AFTER you uploaded the scanned version and filled the necessary blocks. How should I prepare for my interview? The admission interview is designed to test your language, communication skills and sometimes your academic background. Here you can find a useful blog post with some advices and tips from an international student of the UP. Should I study Hungarian in order to study at your University? International students are not required to be able to speak Hungarian in order to participate in the programs of the University of Pécs offered in English or German. However, you are encouraged to learn some Hungarian in order to be able to communicate with the local people (although the majority of young people and, certainly, your teachers will speak English and German). In order to develop your Hungarian, you can join various Hungarian preparatory courses. For Hungarian language courses click here For some useful words in Hungarian click here Are my qualifications acceptable? In order to be eligible for university studies in Hungary, a student must demonstrate that they meet several requirements for the course or program. There are certain general entry requirements that all students must meet. To check the appropriateness of your qualifications,we suggest to visit this website first. Please note, that the preparatory program is designed to improve language proficiency and does not serve as a foundation pathway or substitute for the required level of prior education for university admission (e.g. O-levels, SSC, or equivalent secondary school qualifications). If you still have some questions, you should contact the coordinator of the selected program in the first instance enclosing brief details of the courses that you have taken/are taking, together with your achieved/expected grades and indicate clearly the subject that you are intending to study at the University. Here you can find the contact details of the program coordinators. What is the Medical Certificate? The Medical Certificate is a written statement from a physician or another medically qualified health care provider which attests that the applicant is physically and mentally able to complete higher educational studies, and she/he does not suffer from any chronic and/or infectious disease. You can download the required Medical Certificate of the University of Pécs here . Please note , that the Medical Certificate should be signed and stamped officially by your GP or the health care provider who conducted the examinations. Do you have specific requirements regarding High School certificate and/or GPA? In order to be offered a place in a bachelor's (first cycle or undergraduate) program, you must have successfully completed your upper secondary (high school) education and be able to demonstrate the minimum language requirement. Beside the certain general entry requirements that all students must meet. In addition, there may be other entry requirements specific to the program the student is applying for. For example, an engineering course may require a higher level of previous maths studies. Please note, that the preparatory program is designed to improve language proficiency and does not serve as a foundation pathway or substitute for the required level of prior education for university admission (e.g. O-levels, SSC, or equivalent secondary school qualifications). For more information on the specific entry requirements, please visit the individual program page or contact the program coordinator. Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Next page Next › Last page Last » Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login