Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search BSc in Computer Science Breadcrumb Home Study programs BSc in Computer Science The Computer Science BSc line offers full 3-year-education in computer science and programming. The aim of the course is to educate students who will be able to work in the IT sector as coders or software developers, or continue their studies. Head of program: Dr. Gábor ALMÁSI Degree Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Language English Intake Fall Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Next Starting Date 09/01/2027 Fees Tuition fee: EUR 2,500/sem. Application fee: EUR 140 Registration fee: - Description of the program Application procedure Application requirements Examples of subjects during the studies For more information, please contact The Computer Science BSc line offers full 3-year-education in computer science and programming. The aim of the course is to educate students who will be able to work in the IT sector as coders or software developers, or continue their studies at a master (MSc) level. The basic courses include Discrete mathematics, Calculus, Linear algebra, Numerical analysis, Probability and statistics, Mathematical logics, System design, Programming methodology, Programming languages, Software technology, Computer architecture, Operating system, Networking, Theory of databases etc. The courses are typically worth 2 or 3 credits. Having collected 90 credits from the fundamental courses, there is a choice between an academic and an applied specialization. The academic one is more focused on applied and fundamental mathematical issues such as operations research, advanced theory of algorithms, etc., while the applied one is for actual software development technologies. Both specializations offer flexibility in the choice of courses according to the students' interest. 70 credits are to be collected in this framework, while the remaining 20 credits are given for the preparation of the thesis. Discipline Natural Sciences Academic Level/Type Bachelor For a successful application please follow the steps below: To apply, click on the Apply Now button, and start your application. Register on our application site, fill the application form, upload the necessary documents and submit your application! After you have submitted your application, you are going to receive information on the further steps. If we received your application fee, we are going to start the evaluation of your application. General Entry Requirements For the general entry and language requirements, please visit this page . The applicant has to submit the following documents by uploading them to the online application portal of the University of Pécs: Certified and translated (if originals are not in English) copy of school transcripts showing satisfactory completion of senior high school. Europass CV in English Motivation letter (introduction plus field of interest, etc.) in 3000 to 3500 characters. Copy of valid passport or national ID Medical certificate, vaccination card (showing that you are immunized against HEP B) , HEP C and HIV test, chest X-ray The payment receipt of the application fee Official copy of the language exam certificate (see the acceptable certificates here: Language requirements ) Comlpletion of the entrance exam.* Language skills Applicants must meet the minimum language requirements to be able to start their studies in the Faculty of Sciences, University of Pécs. B2 level is a minimum requirement, which is equivalent to an intermediate command of English. (e.g. IELTS minimum 6.0; or TOEFL minimum 90 score). Applicants who do not meet the minimum language requirements have to start their studies with an English Language Preparatory Program. The applicant must turn 18 years old or should be older by the day of enrolment to the current BSc study program. *Entrance Exam: 2 parts: Written part: Pre-admission Mathematics test: A written test, conducted online, on Moodle platform After submitting the application, you will receive a detailed guide about how to access it Simple and multiple-choice questions Once you start the test, you will have a 45-minute time limit Usage of a calculator is not advised Topics: algebra, functions, combinatorics, logarithms, geometry, graphs, algorithms and basic statistics Only those proceed to have an oral entrance exam, who pass the test Oral part: Online, oral entrance exam: Skype/Zoom interview Assessing English language proficiency, mathematic and informatics background English: good understanding and adequate level of communication are needed (B2 level). Mathematics: algebra, functions, combinatorics, logarithms, geometry, matrices, and basic statistics are needed. Advanced level (analysis, linear algebra) is advised, but not required. Informatics: basic usage of popular operating systems, office suites, search engines, and file management, also a basic knowledge of hardware is needed. Programming knowledge is advised, but not required. A conversation about the applicant's interests and experiences with IT, programming languages, and focuses. Examiner may have questions related to the applicant's interests or other topics requiring the applicant to further elaborate on the matter and carry a professional conversation with the instructor. 1st semester Discrete Mathematics Calculus Linear Algebra Programming Computer Architecture 2nd semester Probability and Mathematical Statistics Algorithms and Data Structures Software Technology 3rd semester Introduction to Computer Science Formal Languages and Automation Software Technology Programming Methodology Oracle Programming with PL/SQL Collections 4th semester Systems Design Programming Languages Computer Networking Database Design, Implementation and Management 5th semester Distributed Systems and Parallel Programming Advanced Database Design 6th semester Operating Systems Information Systems Architecture Data Mining Shells in Business Planning Biorobotics Computer Graphics International Office Phone: +36 72 503-600/24283 E-mail: contact@gamma.ttk.pte.hu English Website of the Faculty Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login