Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search BA in Psychology Breadcrumb Home Study programs BA in Psychology At the University Pécs you may study psychology as a Single Honours degree. This can lead to careers in, for example, clinical, counselling, educational, forensic, health or occupational psychology. Head of program: Dr. Ádám Putz PhD Degree Bachelor of Arts in Psychology Duration of Training 3 years (6 semesters) Language English Intake Fall Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Next Starting Date 09/01/2027 Fees Tuition fee: EUR 3900/semester (for non-EU students); EUR 2900/semester (for EU students) Application fee: EUR 140 Registration fee: - Description of the program Application procedure Application requirements Examples of subjects during the studies For more information, please contact Psychology as the study of behavior, it has close links with the biological and social sciences as well as with the humanities such as philosophy and literature. The general aim of our program is to contribute to the intellectual and personal development of each student. Some students will choose to pursue more advanced studies in specialized areas, whereas others will choose to develop their studies within a broader educational experience before moving into a career in a wide range of employment sectors. The program endeavors to enable students to develop their capacity to contribute both to their own development and to that of the society in their future career. Recent years have seen a massive growth of interest in behavioral issues in everyday life, ranging from stress, health, human-machine interaction and artificial intelligence, to social dynamics, personal development, mental illness, management techniques and the environment, to name but a few. Our students develop skills in experimental science, communicating with others, statistical analysis, and research, ensuring that our psychology graduates are well equipped to pursue a range of careers. Discipline Human and Social Sciences Academic Level/Type Bachelor For a successful application please follow the steps below: To apply, click on the Apply Now button, and start your application. Register on our application site, fill the application form, upload the necessary documents and submit your application! After you have submitted your application, you are going to receive information on the further steps. If we received your application fee, we are going to start the evaluation of your application. General Entry Requirements For the general entry and language requirements, please visit this page . The applicant has to submit the following documents by uploading them to the online application portal of the University of Pécs: Certified and translated (if originals are not in English) copies of school transcripts and certificates showing successful completion of senior high school, with an academic performance equivalent to a minimum GPA of: 5.0 scale: > 3.5 4.0 scale: > 2.7 Percentage: > 70% U.S. letter grade: C+ or above UK: Lower second-class (2:2) or higher Comparable "good" standing in other systems We require an apostilled copy of degree certificates issued in the following countries: Afganistan, Bangladesh, Cameroon, Ghana, Pakistan. The admissions committee may also request additional legalization for documents issued in other countries CV in English Motivation letter (introduction plus field of interest, etc.) in 3000 to 3500 characters. Motivational video recording Copy of valid passport or national ID Medical certificate, (please fill the document and attach the serologic test results) vaccination card (showing that you are immunized against HEP B) HEP A/B/C test* HIV test* Chest X-ray: Please attach the chest's X-ray result (not the film!) in English/Hungarian! (not older than 3 months) Transfer receipt of the EUR 140 application fee Acceptable online language exams: Duolingo online exam from score 115 IELTS Indicator from score 6.0 Oxford Online Placement Test: 70 points Official copy of the following language exam certificates: TOEFL (iBT internet-based): 72 points ( www.ets.org/toefl ) IELTS: Overall Band Score: 6.0 ( www.ielts.org ) Cambridge ESOL: B2 level ( www.cambridgeenglish.org ) TELC: B2 level ( https://www.telc.net/en.html ) ECL: B2 level ( http://www.ecl-test.com/ ) Trinity Integrated Skills in English (ISE and ISE Digital): ISE II or 80 points Pearson PTE Academic: 59 points Oxford Test of English Advanced (OTEA): 111 points Michigan English Test: 53 points Entrance Exam (personally or via MS Teams) *Please note: tests have to be taken within a year! **Applicants are exempt from the language examination requirement if they meet the following criteria: If the applicant obtained their secondary education in one of the following countries: the USA, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Malta, New Zealand, Australia, Canada (except French-language secondary schools), Singapore, or the Republic of South Africa If the applicant has an International Baccalaureate (IB) qualification: Individual IB certificates may be considered for language test exemption purposes only When applying, please include your grade 11 results, your first semester grade 12 results (Progress Report November) and official predicted grades from your school and ensure that the levels of all subjects are clearly indicated (HL, SL, A or B, etc.) If the applicant has Cambridge, Pearson Edexcel or OxfordAQA International Examinations: with (I)GCSE + A-levels* student is exempted from English test. Cambridge, Pearson and/or OxfordAQA International A-Levels with grades A-C provides extra admission points. When applying, also upload the following: your IGCSE results; or if you did not take IGCSEs, instead provide your (pre-A level) secondary school diploma or transcript 1st semester Introduction to Psychology Social Psychology: Culture and Socialization Basic Biological Knowledge 2nd semester Evolutionary Psychology I. The Cognitive Psychology of Attention Human Genetics 3rd semester The Cognitive Psychology of Memory Analytical Developmental Psychology Neurology 4th semester The Cognitive Psychology of Thinking Social Psychology of Communication Psychometry 5th semester Behavioral Views of Personality Measures at Organizations Applied Fields of Psychology 6th semester Health Psychology Introduction to Work and Organization Psychology Introduction to Psychology at Schools Introduction to the Psychology of Arts Programme-related questions: Ádám Putz PhD Head of the program Email: putz.adam@pte.hu Phone:+36-301217061 Asmission-related questions: Ms. Vanda BŐCZIN-SIRKECI International coordinator Phone: + 36 72 501 600/64127; +36 30 186 1686 E-mail: foreign.humanities@pte.hu English website of the Faculty Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login