Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search BSc in Business Administration and Management Breadcrumb Home Study programs BSc in Business Administration and Management The overall purpose of our EFMD accredited program is to train and educate professionals who can manage ethically, sensitively and holistically in a range of organizations in an increasingly global and rapidly changing environment. Head of program: Mónika Galambosné dr. Tiszberger Degree Bachelor of Sciences (BSc) in Business Administration Duration of Training 3.5 years (7 semesters) Language English Intake Fall Deadline of Application 05/31/2027 Next Starting Date 09/01/2027 Fees Tuition fee: EUR 2,750/sem. (for non-EU students), 1150 EUR (for EU students) Application fee: EUR 150 Description of the program Application procedure Application requirements Examples of subjects during the studies For more information, please contact The Business Administration bachelor program is accredited by EFMD Global, a leading international organization of business schools. This provides unique recognition to all graduates. Your EFMD accredited bachelor degree is recognized all over the World, and can open doors to you to the biggest companies worldwide. This program is designed for students who are interested in business studies and want to pursue a business career. The program is conducted in an innovative way, including not only lectures but also case studies, practical tasks and teamwork as well. The program has a sizeable number of guest lecturers from Europe and the United States. By carefully selecting the optional modules students may acquire a better overall knowledge of a chosen fi eld such as marketing, management or fi nance. The aim of the program is not simply to teach economics, but, more importantly, to prepare students for the 21st-century challenges of the business world and the global market. Discipline Business and Management Academic Level/Type Bachelor Step 1: Submit your online application Please create your application profile, and choose the desired programme on the apply.pte.hu online surface and upload all the required documents. Step 2: Application fee payment After submitting the application, the online application system automatically issues the invoice for the €100 application fee payment. You can pay it directly in the system with your bank card. If you pay via bank transfer, you need to consider that a bank transfer could take up to 10-14 days until it is visible on our bank account. Bank account details: Name of the bank MBH BANK Nyrt. Address 1056 Budapest, Váci u.38. Account number 10300002-10011256-00014889 Swift code MKKBHUHB IBAN code HU72103000021001125600014889 Name of the receiver University of Pécs EU VAT Number HU 17783941 Comment field Please put here your name and the number of your notification, that you can find in the up-left corner in the format of #XX-00000000 If you pay with a bank transfer, please e-mail to international@pte.hu your proof of payment document to speed up the confirmation process of your payment. Please note, that the payer is responsible for all banking and transaction charges, including correspondent and intermediary bank fees, so that the invoiced amount is received in full and free of deductions. It is essential to highlight that the application fee is non-refundable regardless of the outcome of the application. Step 3: Evaluation Once the payment has been confirmed, the uploaded materials are evaluated, and the decision is made on whether the applicant is eligible. The document evaluation is based on a point system; please see the details here. You must fulfil all the mentioned criteria to participate in the admission interview. If you do not meet one of the requirements, the application must be rejected; you will receive a "Not qualified" status. The decision shall be without appeal. Step 4: Mathematics test You must complete a Mathematics test being part of the admission criteria. The result will be graded on a 0-10 point scale. The test will be held online. Your application must be rejected if you are not attending the test or the result is below 50%. You can read more about it here. More information Step 5: Admission interview An oral interview (online) is scheduled with eligible applicants and carried out by a committee. The qualified applicant receives a guideline e-mail (on the e-mail address provided during the application process) approximately 5-7 days before the date of the admission interview. Shortly after, the applicant gets the actual MS Teams invitation with the link to join the meeting at the given time (be aware of the time zone differences). The interview takes approximately 10 minutes, and the committee will ask you about your background, future plans and motivation to choose us. About 10 minutes before your scheduled interview time, you will receive a short business-related article in an e-mail to the address you provided during the application. During the interview, you will be asked to summarize what you read in a few sentences, and the committee will have a couple of questions regarding its content. The committee might ask you additional questions; no previously set list exists. Step 6: Admission decision The admissions committee proposes, but the decision is made by the Head of the Programme within a maximum of two weeks from the date of the interview, taking into account the applicant's score and the capacity of the training programme applied for. The decision shall be without appeal. Step 7: Offers If you successfully pass the document evaluation and the admission interview and upload all the required documents, you will receive an "Acceptable" offer. If you successfully pass the document evaluation and the admission interview but have some missing documents, you will receive a "Conditionally acceptable" offer. In this case, you will be given a certain amount of time to submit the missing documents. After this is done, you will receive the "Acceptable" offer. If you cannot pass the admission interview, you will receive a "Failed" status, which means the application is rejected. The decision shall be without appeal. The decision shall be without appeal. Step 8: Tuition fee payment If you receive an "Acceptable" offer, you must accept this offer in the online application system. As soon as you have done that, the system issues the invoice for the tuition fee payment. You must pay the full tuition fee; in the first semester there is no possibility of paying in instalments. If you pay via bank transfer, you need to consider that a bank transfer could take up to 10-14 days until it is visible on our bank account. Bank account details: Name of the bank OTP Baranya m. Belfoldiek Devizai Address 7621 Pécs, Rákóczi út. 44. Account number 11763316-50141889 Swift code OTPVHUHB IBAN code HU41117633165014188900000000 Name of the receiver University of Pécs EU VAT Number HU 17783941 Comment field Please put here your name and the number of your notification, that you can find in the up-left corner in the format of #XX-00000000 If you pay with a bank transfer, please e-mail to international@pte.hu your proof of payment document to speed up the confirmation process of your payment. Step 9: Letter of Admission Upon receiving the tuition fee payment, the School's coordinator must issue the Letter of Admission. The scanned version of the letter will be sent to your e-mail address you provided during the application. Step 10: Arranging visa and arriving in Pécs Applying for a visa is entirely your responsibility. As all the immigration-related tasks belong to the National Directorate-General for Aliens Policing , we do not affect the process. We suggest you to consider that obtaining a visa could take up to 8 weeks. It would be best if you arrived in Pécs by the start of the semester (end of August/beginning of September). Before the official semester starts, you will receive information about the to-dos; please, read it carefully. Here, you can read about the UP-FBE CODES AND GUIDELINES OF THE ADMISSION PROCESS. General Entry Requirements For the general entry and language requirements, please visit this page . (1) This admission procedure applies to all applicants who do not have Hungarian citizenship or Hungarian dual citizenship, regardless of whether they have applied for a scholarship programme or a self-financed placement at the School. (2) Documents to be submitted with the application are: • a valid passport; • a high school diploma (baccalaureate) and a certified translation into English, which entitles the applicant to pursue higher education; an official transcript of the results document and a certified English translation thereof; • a certificate of proficiency in English if no older than two years, and at least a CEFR level B2, obtained at an internationally recognised (accredited) language examination institution. More information about the acceptable certificates here ; • the official medical certificate in English stating that the applicant has received the required vaccines and is free of infectious diseases; • CV, letter of motivation; • for those noncomplying 18 years of age by the time of application, a declaration is required in which the parents agree to the minor's continued studies in Hungary; • other certificates (CEFR C1 level English language exam, disadvantaged situation, voluntary activity) (3) Applications are ranked in a 100-point system according to the following criteria: a) Learning outcomes: maximum 50 points b) Mathematics test performance: maximum 20 points c) Professional interview: maximum 30 points d) Extra points: maximum 16 points Criteria Results breakdown Max points 1. Learning outcomes: GPA of the applicant's last two high school years 0 points: The applicant's GPA is below 50% 20 points: The applicant's GPA is 50% or above, but less than 70% 35 points: The applicant's GPA is 70% or above, but less than 85% 50 points: The applicant's GPA is 85% or above 50 2. Mathematics test performance: 0 points: The applicant's performance is below 50% 10 points: The applicant's performance is 50% or above, but less than 70% 15 points: The applicant's performance is 70% or above, but less than 85% 20 points: The applicant's performance is 85% or above 20 3. Professional interview 0 points: The applicant cannot communicate with the Committee, not even the most basic communication acts (greeting, identity issues) 1-10 points: There is some communication, but it is not real interaction; the applicant seems to read prewritten texts or repeats the same sentences, cannot adequately summarise the assigned article, and/or cannot appropriately respond to the questions/queries of the Committee. The personal and professional motivations are not clear. 11-20 points: There is sound communication between the applicant and the Committee. The applicant summarises the content of the article more or less precisely but does not demonstrate general knowledge of the topic beyond the article. The personal and professional motivations are sufficiently elaborated. 21-30 points: There is a fluent and high-quality conversation in English and professional terms. The applicant excellently summarises the content of the article and demonstrates sound general knowledge related to the topic beyond the article. The personal and professional motivations are well elaborated. 30 Total 100 Extra points* Specialisation in economics during high school studies 0 points: the applicant did not complete any studies in economics; 5 points: Applicant has completed business-related subjects during their high school studies (e.g., Business, Statistics, Finance). 5 CEFR level C1 language exam certificate in the instruction language 0 points: the applicant has only a level B2 language exam certificate in the instruction language; 5 points: the applicant has an internationally recognised CEFR level C1 language exam certificate obtained no earlier than 2 years in the instruction language 5 Volunteering 0 points: the applicant either did not take part in voluntary activities or submitted a certificate for a period of fewer than 3 months; 3 points: Applicant has been volunteering for at least 3 months with a charity or NGO, and this is certified by the organisation. 3 Applicants with fewer opportunities 0 points: the applicant does not have any disability, or it cannot be creditably certified 3 points: the applicant has creditably certified his/her disability by attaching the official documents 3 Total 16 *Applicants will be awarded a maximum of 16 extra points in total, according to the criteria listed, but the total number of admission points, including the extra points, must not exceed 100. (4) Minimum eligibility criteria for admissions a) obtains more than zero points for each of the three main criteria [(3) a), b), c),] and b) the total score, of at least 60, without extra points. 1st semester Quantitative methods Microeconomics Information Systems 2nd semester Macroeconomics Probability and Statistics Introduction to Management 3rd semester Organizational Behaviour Corporate Finance Introduction to Accounting 4th semester Inroduction to Marketing Human Resource Management International Economics 5th semester International Business Communication International Business Business Case Studies 6th semester Operations Management Banking and Finance Ms. Mária LAJOS i nternational coordinator Phone: +36 72 501 599 /23160 E-mail: lajos.maria@ktk.pte.hu English website of the Faculty Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login