Skip to main content Neptun O365 Webmail Teams Moodle PTE Search Hungarian Deutsch HU DE Main menu University About the University UP Story - 650 years Leadership & Organisation Rector's Greeting University Strategy Brochures The City of Pécs University Gifts University Rankings Honorary Doctors Quality Management Codes and Guidelines Pannónia Scholarship Programme UP Charity Fund Education & Research Faculties International Degree Programs Doctoral Schools Academic Calendar Mobility Programs Summer Schools Members of HAS Szentágothai Research Centre Innovation Services and Health Care Medical Care Student Counselling Support Service Campus Legal Aid Clinic Buddy Program Dormitories Libraries Sport Dancing University Student organizations English-German Student Council Student Union Alumni Admission Study Programs How to Apply Entry requirements Scholarships Representatives in your Country Chat with a student Experience UP online Meet us! Prepare for your stay Immigration Affairs Cost of living Housing Health insurance How to get to Pécs FAQS Request a BROCHURE Summer Schools International Relations Overview Inter-University Agreements International Associations International Rankings Travelling Ambassador Meet the Team Current Students Mobility Programs Alumni Menu Search BSc in Civil Engineering Breadcrumb Home Study programs BSc in Civil Engineering This program is accredited by the Institute of Building Construction and meets the requirements to train innovative, up-to-date civil engineers who go on to design cities with structure. Head of program: Zoltán Orbán Dr. full professor Degree Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering Duration of Training 4 years (8 semesters) Language English Intake Fall Deadline of Application 06/30/2027 Next Starting Date 09/01/2027 Fees Tuition fee: USD 3,400/sem. Application fee: USD 150 Registration fee: - Description of the program Application procedure Application requirements Examples of subjects during the studies For more information, please contact This wide-ranging scientific and engineering field covers large structures and constructions, building engineering, infrastructure management like bridges and highways, and municipal water and wastewater systems. Study of these fields comprises of learning classical engineering sciences such as mathematics, natural sciences and economics. In addition to engineering subjects, the program provides training in computers and communication skills. Although most graduates go on to work in the field of planning, design or management, they may also be involved in construction engineering, structural engineering, transportation and urban planning, or set themselves up in independent practice. Discipline Engineering Academic Level/Type Bachelor General Entry Requirements For the general entry and language requirements, please visit this page . The applicant has to submit the following documents by uploading them to the online application portal of the University of Pécs: Copy of the photo-page(s) of your passport Diploma : It states that you have finished your High School studies and it has been certified by the issuing institution. If your documents are in any other language, you also need to submit an authorized English translation of the documents. Application for Bachelor program : High School Diploma Transcript of Records : an official document of High School/Bachelor/Master studies which shows your completed courses and grades for each semester included in your degree. If your documents are in any other language, you also need to submit an authorized English translation of the documents. Application for BSc degree : during the application process, the average of the last two years of your high school studies will be assessed. Motivation letter Medical Certificate: an official certificate issued by a GP which states that you are not suffering from infectious diseases, you are in good physical and mental condition. The form of the certificate is not specified but has to be signed and sealed by the GP. See example! Recommendations, C1 English Language Certificate, publications etc - optional The Application Process 1. Register on the online application site of the University of Pécs 2. Submit your supporting documents 3. Pay the application fee 5. Online interview 6. Notification about the interview result 7. Pay the tuition fee 8. Letter of Admission ( An official letter in which the Faculty offers you a place in the selected program) 9. Visa Process Students must successfully complete their secondary school/Bachelor program before enrollment at UP FEIT. Criteria Results breakdown Max points GPA Bachelor programs: Academic achievements in subjects corresponding to the entry requirements of the program or result of preparatory courses of the University of Pécs. Master programs: GPA of the applicant's last two years in the BA/BSc training 0 point: If applicant's GPA is below 65 % 10 points: If applicant's GPA is 65 % or above 20 points: If applicant's GPA is 75 % or above 30 points: If applicant's GPA is 85 % or above 40 points: If applicant's GPA is 95 % or above 40 Quality and content of the Motivational letter 0 point: a The motivational letter contains nothing specific, no professional goals are set; the motivational letter is written with artificial intelligence. 10 points: Definite professional and personal motivation but still general goals. 20 points: Thoroughly well-thought-out, conclusive motivation and adequately specific professional goals. 20 Skype interview 1. Communicative competence max 15 points 2. Vocabulary max 15 points 3. Formal accuracy max 5 points 4. Pronunciation max 5 points 40 Total 100 Additional Points CEFR level C1 language exam certificate 0 point: the applicant has only a level B2 language exam certificate in the instruction language; 5 points: the applicant has an internationally recognized CEFR level C1 language exam certificate obtained no earlier than 2 years in the instruction language 5 Reference 0 point: the applicant can not provide reference letters from previous teachers, mentors or project leaders; 5 points: the applicant can provide reference letters from previous teachers, mentors or project leaders 5 Total 10 The admission decision The minimum requirement for admission is that the candidate a) obtains more than zero points for each of the three main criteria, and b) the total score, of at least 60, without extra points. The maximum points the Applicant can obtain can not be more than 100 points. 1st semester Materials Science Fluid Mechanics in Engineering 1. Building constructions 1. 2nd semester Construction materials 1 Strength of materials 1 Basics of structural design 3rd semester Geographic information systems 1 Geodesy field practice Reinforced concrete structures 1. 4th semester Structural analysis 1. Timber and masonry structures Hydrology field practice 5th semester Environment Protection for Engineers Public utilities Road and railway design 1. 6th semester Building services engineering Structural diagnostic practice 1. Steel-concrete composite structures 7th semester Underground structures Structural dynamics 1 Hydraulic engineering 8th semester Structural diagnostic practice 2 BSc Thesis Centre for International Programmes and Relations Program coordinator: Prof. Dr. Gabriella MEDVEGY E-mail: international@mik.pte.hu English website of the Faculty Faculties Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Arts Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Sciences Medical School Practical info Application Study Programmes Representatives Academic Calendar Blog FAQ Contact Most popular Scholarship About the University of Pécs Mobility Programs Housing Entry Requirements University of Pécs International Centre | Rector's Cabinet H-7622 Pécs, Vasvári Pál str. 4. +36-72/501-500/61682 international@pte.hu University of Pécs | Chancellery | IT Directorate | Portal group - 2020. PTE Login