Open menu MY HONGIK MENU ACADEMICS Undergraduate Programs Academic Calendar Curriculum Graduate Programs Introduction Academic Calendar Exchange Program Outbound Program Inbound Program Sister Schools International Summer School Issuance of a student visa Office of International Affairs International Students Lounge Non-Degree Program Language Program Continuing Education Research Institute Academic Information Attendance & Grade Evaluation Course Registration Retaking Course·Semester Double Major·Minor Leave of Absence Transfer Withdrawal·Re-admission Summer·Winter School Scholarship Academic Certifications ADMISSIONS Undergraduate Admissions guide for International Students Admissions Information Center Graduate Announcement Apply Application Result FAQ CAMPUS LIFE Facilities Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Dormitory Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Library IT Service HongikWIFI ComputerRoom Healthcare Center Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Services for International Students Supporter Program ABOUT HONGIK President's Office Greetings Profile Former Presidents Philosophy of Education Board of Trustees About Hongik History University Symbol UI University Mascot·Tree·Flower Wa-U Artworks Hongik at a Glance Organization Chart Organization Map & Direction Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Daehakro Campus Hwaseong Campus Around Hongik NEWS CENTER News Notice Hongik SNS Photo Gallery ACADEMICS Undergraduate Programs Academic Calendar Curriculum Graduate Programs Introduction Academic Calendar Exchange Program Outbound Program Inbound Program Sister Schools International Summer School Issuance of a student visa Office of International Affairs International Students Lounge Non-Degree Program Language Program Continuing Education Research Institute Academic Information Attendance & Grade Evaluation Course Registration Retaking Course·Semester Double Major·Minor Leave of Absence Transfer Withdrawal·Re-admission Summer·Winter School Scholarship Academic Certifications ADMISSIONS Undergraduate Admissions guide for International Students Admissions Information Center Graduate Announcement Apply Application Result FAQ CAMPUS LIFE Facilities Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Dormitory Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Library IT Service HongikWIFI ComputerRoom Healthcare Center Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Services for International Students Supporter Program ABOUT HONGIK President's Office Greetings Profile Former Presidents Philosophy of Education Board of Trustees About Hongik History University Symbol UI University Mascot·Tree·Flower Wa-U Artworks Hongik at a Glance Organization Chart Organization Map & Direction Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Daehakro Campus Hwaseong Campus Around Hongik NEWS CENTER News Notice Hongik SNS Photo Gallery USER MENU Alumni News History Photo Gallery Future Students News Undergraduate Admissions guide for International Students Graduate Apply Announcement Photo Gallery Hongik Students News Undergraduate Academic Calendar Graduate Academic Calendar Facilities Photo Gallery Professor·Employee News Academic Calendar (Undergraduate) Academic Calendar (Graduate) Photo Gallery Visitors News Seoul Campus Directions Campus Map Facilities Sejong Campus Directions Campus Map Facilities Daehakro Campus Directions Campus Map Hwaseong Campus Directions Campus Map Library Photo Gallery Alumni News History Photo Gallery Future Students News Undergraduate Admissions guide for International Students Graduate Apply Announcement Photo Gallery Hongik Students News Undergraduate Academic Calendar Graduate Academic Calendar Facilities Photo Gallery Professor·Employee News Academic Calendar (Undergraduate) Academic Calendar (Graduate) Photo Gallery Visitors News Seoul Campus Directions Campus Map Facilities Sejong Campus Directions Campus Map Facilities Daehakro Campus Directions Campus Map Hwaseong Campus Directions Campus Map Library Photo Gallery QUICK LINKS Administration Offices Admissions office Office of International Affairs Affiliated Offices Business center Project Group for Univeristy Innovation Support Program Hongik IPP Business Center Bio-health Innovative Business Center Future Innovative Education Business Center Library Central Library Law Library Moonjeong Library Historical Connection Search Service Thesis Plagiarism Checker Open Education International Language Institute Institute of Continuing Education for Art Institute of Continuing Education (Sejong) Industry-Academia Cooperation Foundation Seoul Sejong University Museum University Museum of Modern Arts Information Technology Training Reserve Officers Training Corps 133 Reserve Officers Training Corps(Seoul) 1331 Reserve Officers Training Corps(Sejong) Hongik Broadcasting Station General Information School Bus Dormitory Seoul Sejong On-line Certificate Issuance Non Curricular Services Center of teaching and learning support Seoul Sejong Student Counseling Center Seoul Sejong Career Development Center Startup Support Center Seoul Sejong HI-Up Others Hongaram(Student Ambassadors) Seoul Sejong Health & Safety Management Photo Gallery Student Services ABEEK Center Seoul Sejong Work-Integrated Education Support Center Shared Device Shared Device Center Hongik Changjak Saegil Maker Lang(Sejong) Human Rights Center Disability Support Center Administration Offices Admissions office Office of International Affairs Affiliated Offices Business center Project Group for Univeristy Innovation Support Program Hongik IPP Business Center Bio-health Innovative Business Center Future Innovative Education Business Center Library Central Library Law Library Moonjeong Library Historical Connection Search Service Thesis Plagiarism Checker Open Education International Language Institute Institute of Continuing Education for Art Institute of Continuing Education (Sejong) Industry-Academia Cooperation Foundation Seoul Sejong University Museum University Museum of Modern Arts Information Technology Training Reserve Officers Training Corps 133 Reserve Officers Training Corps(Seoul) 1331 Reserve Officers Training Corps(Sejong) Hongik Broadcasting Station General Information School Bus Dormitory Seoul Sejong On-line Certificate Issuance Non Curricular Services Center of teaching and learning support Seoul Sejong Student Counseling Center Seoul Sejong Career Development Center Startup Support Center Seoul Sejong HI-Up Others Hongaram(Student Ambassadors) Seoul Sejong Health & Safety Management Photo Gallery Student Services ABEEK Center Seoul Sejong Work-Integrated Education Support Center Shared Device Shared Device Center Hongik Changjak Saegil Maker Lang(Sejong) Human Rights Center Disability Support Center Korean MY HONGIK Close menu MY HONGIK Hongik University Korean Website Open search MY HONGIK Main Homepage Univ/Grad/Affi Homepage 정확도 Integrated Search Menu Direct Phone Number Faculty News Rules Etc Community Attach File Enter Keyword Keyword reset Search 0 Results Found Re-Search Sort By Relevance By Lastest Area All Title Recommend Keyword classnet semester scholarship library 검색 결과가 없습니다. Search Phone Number Popular Keywords 1 조소과 2 fashion 3 클래스넷 4 scholarship 5 클레스넷 6 summer academy 7 옥창수 8 portfolio 9 civil engineering 10 doctor Search History Close search ACADEMICS Undergraduate Programs Academic Calendar Curriculum Graduate Programs Introduction Academic Calendar Exchange Program Outbound Program Inbound Program Sister Schools International Summer School Issuance of a student visa Office of International Affairs International Students Lounge Non-Degree Program Language Program Language Course International Language Institute Continuing Education Continuing Education Center for Fine Arts Research Institute Academic Information Attendance & Grade Evaluation Course Registration Retaking Course·Semester Double Major·Minor Leave of Absence Transfer Withdrawal·Re-admission Summer·Winter School Scholarship Hongik Global Scholarship Good GPA Scholarship Academic Certifications 홈 ACADEMICS Undergraduate Programs Programs Academic Calendar Curriculum Programs Programs Academic Calendar Curriculum 프린트 Search article Select Category Select All Seoul Campus Sejong Campus Search Search SEOUL College of Engineering mobile location The College of Engineering aims to educate well-rounded engineers with ethical values, service-oriented spirit, and critical thinking. They also strive to develop professional engineers with expertise in their fields who can adapt to changing circumstances. The ultimate goal is to nurture innovative engineers capable of proactive adaptation, interdisciplinary collaboration, and effective leadership. The College of Engineering aims to educate well-rounded engineers with ethical values, service-oriented spirit, and critical thinking. They also strive to develop professional engineers with expertise in their fields who can adapt to changing circumstances. The ultimate goal is to nurture innovative engineers capable of proactive adaptation, interdisciplinary collaboration, and effective leadership. School of Electronics and Electrical Engineering homepage mobile location School of Chemical Engineering and Materials Science mobile location Major in Materials Science and Engineering homepage mobile location Major in Chemical Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Computer Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Industrial and Data Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Mechanical and System Design Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Applied Science homepage mobile location SEOUL College of Architecture and Urban Planning homepage mobile location Hongik University's Department of Architecture, which started as the Department of Architectural Art in 1954 and has led Korea's architectural culture for the past 70 years, was newly launched as the College of Architecture in 2006 with the motto of total design and excellence in design. It was merged with the Department of Urban Engineering in 2020, and the name of the college was changed to College of Architecture and Urban Planning. Currently, the College of Architecture and Urban Planning consists of one school, the School of Architecture and the Department of Urban Engineering. Within the School of Architecture, there are two departments, consisting of a 5-year architecture major and a 4-year interior architecture major. In order to foster talented individuals who will lead the 21st century, the College of Architecture and Urban Planning develops each student's talents and aptitudes to the maximum and at the same time strengthens character education. In addition, in order to stay ahead of international competition, in addition to professional problem-solving skills, creative thinking skills are required to explore new things outside of the established thinking framework with an open and flexible mindset. In addition, as we enter the increasingly unified era of globalization, the circumstances around us are causing major innovations in time and space. Amid these changes, the College of Architecture and Urban Planning trains professionals in the fields of architecture, interior architecture, and urban engineering in specialized fields that combine design and engineering. Hongik University's Department of Architecture, which started as the Department of Architectural Art in 1954 and has led Korea's architectural culture for the past 70 years, was newly launched as the College of Architecture in 2006 with the motto of total design and excellence in design. It was merged with the Department of Urban Engineering in 2020, and the name of the college was changed to College of Architecture and Urban Planning. Currently, the College of Architecture and Urban Planning consists of one school, the School of Architecture and the Department of Urban Engineering. Within the School of Architecture, there are two departments, consisting of a 5-year architecture major and a 4-year interior architecture major. In order to foster talented individuals who will lead the 21st century, the College of Architecture and Urban Planning develops each student's talents and aptitudes to the maximum and at the same time strengthens character education. In addition, in order to stay ahead of international competition, in addition to professional problem-solving skills, creative thinking skills are required to explore new things outside of the established thinking framework with an open and flexible mindset. In addition, as we enter the increasingly unified era of globalization, the circumstances around us are causing major innovations in time and space. Amid these changes, the College of Architecture and Urban Planning trains professionals in the fields of architecture, interior architecture, and urban engineering in specialized fields that combine design and engineering. School of Architecture homepage mobile location Major in Architecture homepage mobile location Major in Interior Architecture homepage mobile location Department of Urban Engineering homepage mobile location SEOUL College of Business Administration homepage mobile location College of Business Admistration aims to cultivate ethical and innovative leaders by providing a broad range of educational opportunities, including business administration, liberal arts, business ethics, creativity, and professionalism. College of Business is committed to nurturing ethical and innovative leaders. We offer a diverse range of educational opportunities that encompass business administration, liberal arts, business ethics, creativity, and professionalism. College of Business Admistration aims to cultivate ethical and innovative leaders by providing a broad range of educational opportunities, including business administration, liberal arts, business ethics, creativity, and professionalism. College of Business is committed to nurturing ethical and innovative leaders. We offer a diverse range of educational opportunities that encompass business administration, liberal arts, business ethics, creativity, and professionalism. School of Business Administration homepage mobile location Major in Business Administration homepage mobile location International Trade location SEOUL College of Liberal Arts mobile location The main objectives of the College of Liberal Arts are to allow students to expand the scope and depth of their communication skills and intellectual horizons by studying language, literature, and cultures and to cultivate individual intellectual potentials of students to enable them to gain wider understanding of various aspects in life as well as cultural diversity. Major activities within the College of Liberal Arts include symposiums, festivals of theatrical works, open lectures with foreign scholars, publishing of academic works and group art and cultural activities. Efforts to cultivate students' international competence in the world of global multi-cultural cooperation are made in earnest by offering a well-organized and diverse range of curricular and extra-curricular courses. The main objectives of the College of Liberal Arts are to allow students to expand the scope and depth of their communication skills and intellectual horizons by studying language, literature, and cultures and to cultivate individual intellectual potentials of students to enable them to gain wider understanding of various aspects in life as well as cultural diversity. Major activities within the College of Liberal Arts include symposiums, festivals of theatrical works, open lectures with foreign scholars, publishing of academic works and group art and cultural activities. Efforts to cultivate students' international competence in the world of global multi-cultural cooperation are made in earnest by offering a well-organized and diverse range of curricular and extra-curricular courses. Department of English Language & Literature homepage mobile location Department of German Language & Literature homepage mobile location Department of French Language & Literature homepage mobile location Department of Korean Language & Literature homepage mobile location SEOUL College of Law homepage mobile location School of law has a major educational purpose in fostering excellent legal experts who can contribute to the development of national, domestic and international society by systematically and professionally cultivating practical skills for solving and managing various legal problems such as disputes arising from domestic and foreign legal life through research and professors in law. School of law has a major educational purpose in fostering excellent legal experts who can contribute to the development of national, domestic and international society by systematically and professionally cultivating practical skills for solving and managing various legal problems such as disputes arising from domestic and foreign legal life through research and professors in law. School of Law homepage mobile location SEOUL College of Education homepage mobile location The College of Education aims to develop proficient secondary school teachers who are well balanced in practical and future competencies and educational professionals endowed with the qualities and capabilities essential for the societies of the future. We are actively adapting to recent external changes, such as the digital transition and demographic ecological shifts, with a commitment to fostering secondary school teachers who are excellently prepared for the future. Concurrently, we embrace a broader vision to nurture educational experts capable of exhibiting innovative skills across diverse domains. The College of Education aims to develop proficient secondary school teachers who are well balanced in practical and future competencies and educational professionals endowed with the qualities and capabilities essential for the societies of the future. We are actively adapting to recent external changes, such as the digital transition and demographic ecological shifts, with a commitment to fostering secondary school teachers who are excellently prepared for the future. Concurrently, we embrace a broader vision to nurture educational experts capable of exhibiting innovative skills across diverse domains. Department of Mathematics Education homepage mobile location Department of Korean Language Education homepage mobile location Department of English Education homepage mobile location Department of History Education homepage mobile location Department of Education homepage mobile location SEOUL College of Fine Arts homepage mobile location Through teaching and research on the history of art's formative theories and techniques, the program aims to cultivates experimental mindset and ability to adapt required by society, and produce artists and art educators who can contribute to the development of national culture in the art world. Through teaching and research on the history of art's formative theories and techniques, the program aims to cultivates experimental mindset and ability to adapt required by society, and produce artists and art educators who can contribute to the development of national culture in the art world. Major deferred(Fine Arts) mobile location Department of Oriental Painting homepage mobile location Department of Painting homepage mobile location Department of Printmaking homepage mobile location Department of Sculpture homepage mobile location School of Design location Major in Visual Communication Design homepage mobile location Major in Industrial Design homepage mobile location Department of Metalwork and Jewelry homepage mobile location Department of Ceramics & Glass homepage mobile location Department of Woodworking & Furniture Design homepage mobile location Department of Textile ArtㆍFashion Design homepage mobile location Department of Art History & Theory homepage mobile location SEOUL School of Economics homepage mobile location At Hongik University, School of Economics equips students with a deep understanding of economic theory and analysis. We empower them to explore pressing societal issues and pursue diverse career opportunities. Graduates find success in academia, government, enterprises, and more. Join us to achieve your dreams in the world of economics. At Hongik University, School of Economics equips students with a deep understanding of economic theory and analysis. We empower them to explore pressing societal issues and pursue diverse career opportunities. Graduates find success in academia, government, enterprises, and more. Join us to achieve your dreams in the world of economics. Major in Economics homepage mobile location SEOUL School of Design and Arts Management homepage mobile location The School of Design and Arts Management aims to develop capabilities as creative practical experts in a wide range of fields, including public administration and welfare, focusing on industrial fields that require knowledge in management, design, engineering, and law. This school provides an environment in which students can learn the academic foundations of field work, nurturing customized talent with practical experience in design and cultural arts fields, as well as artistic knowledge and management knowledge. The School of Design and Arts Management aims to develop capabilities as creative practical experts in a wide range of fields, including public administration and welfare, focusing on industrial fields that require knowledge in management, design, engineering, and law. This school provides an environment in which students can learn the academic foundations of field work, nurturing customized talent with practical experience in design and cultural arts fields, as well as artistic knowledge and management knowledge. Major in Design Management homepage location Major in Arts Management location SEOUL School of Performing Arts mobile location The School of Performing Arts provides specialized pracical and theoretical training in Musical Theatre and Contemporary Music majors. By integrating humanities-based general education with arts instruction, it fosters both innovative practical skills and artistic insignts. The goal is to nurture global performers and visionary artists poised to lead in the international performing arts and music arenas. The School of Performing Arts provides specialized pracical and theoretical training in Musical Theatre and Contemporary Music majors. By integrating humanities-based general education with arts instruction, it fosters both innovative practical skills and artistic insignts. The goal is to nurture global performers and visionary artists poised to lead in the international performing arts and music arenas. Major in Musical Theatre homepage mobile location Major in Contemporary Music homepage mobile location SEOUL Major deferred(Seoul Campus) homepage mobile location Seoul Campus Free Major aims to produce talented individuals with the expertise tailored to their abilities through creative and multidisciplinary education. Students can design the major that suits their aptitude and talent by having sufficient time to explore various fields of study. New students are recruited separately into the Department of Humanities and Arts and the Department of Natural Arts, but after the admission, it is operated as a single campus free major, and students can freely design their main major in the fields of Humanities, Natural Sciences, and Arts. Students can either complete the courses of his/her desired study fields or enter the department of his/her choice and complete the courses as a member of the department. ※ College of Education is excluded from the options. Requirements of the grade (GPA) and number of students (quota) for entering a department have been abolished from 2023. The changed system also applies to current students who entered the university prior to the year 2023. (1) Entry into the department Students of Campus Free Major can apply for entry into any department in the campus, except for the College of Education. Certain departments may have requirements that must be met for entry. Please refer to the Campus Free Major Academic System announced on the website. (2) Selection of main major Rather than entering into a department, students can stay as part of the Campus Free Major, and obtain a degree after completing the courses of their main major of their choice (except for the College of Education). A degree is granted to Free Major students who meet the course completion requirements along with other general requirements for their graduation. Students who have selected a main major and have not entered into certain department will receive a degree related to the main major as part of the Seoul Campus Free Major. Students who have entered into certain department will become affiliated with the department and as well receive a degree of the department entered. Seoul Campus Free Major aims to produce talented individuals with the expertise tailored to their abilities through creative and multidisciplinary education. Students can design the major that suits their aptitude and talent by having sufficient time to explore various fields of study. New students are recruited separately into the Department of Humanities and Arts and the Department of Natural Arts, but after the admission, it is operated as a single campus free major, and students can freely design their main major in the fields of Humanities, Natural Sciences, and Arts. Students can either complete the courses of his/her desired study fields or enter the department of his/her choice and complete the courses as a member of the department. ※ College of Education is excluded from the options. Requirements of the grade (GPA) and number of students (quota) for entering a department have been abolished from 2023. The changed system also applies to current students who entered the university prior to the year 2023. (1) Entry into the department Students of Campus Free Major can apply for entry into any department in the campus, except for the College of Education. Certain departments may have requirements that must be met for entry. Please refer to the Campus Free Major Academic System announced on the website. (2) Selection of main major Rather than entering into a department, students can stay as part of the Campus Free Major, and obtain a degree after completing the courses of their main major of their choice (except for the College of Education). A degree is granted to Free Major students who meet the course completion requirements along with other general requirements for their graduation. Students who have selected a main major and have not entered into certain department will receive a degree related to the main major as part of the Seoul Campus Free Major. Students who have entered into certain department will become affiliated with the department and as well receive a degree of the department entered. SEOUL Multidisciplinary Studies location Major in Performing Arts mobile location Major in Cultural Arts Management homepage mobile location Major of architectural spatial arts mobile location Major in IoT Engineering mobile location Major in Intelligent Robotics location Major in smart city and data science mobile location Major in Design Engineering homepage mobile location Major in Data Science Fusion mobile location Major in Medical Healthcare AI location Major in Healthcare Service location SEOUL School of Bio-Health Convergence homepage mobile location The School of Biohealth Convergence aims to nurture creative individuals in the biohealth field with excellent communication skills, expertise in digital convergence, empathy for human society, self-reflection skills, and creative problem-solving abilities. The curriculum is based on the 5D framework, which includes Denovation, Design, Device, Data, and Digital Living Lab. The School of Biohealth Convergence aims to nurture creative individuals in the biohealth field with excellent communication skills, expertise in digital convergence, empathy for human society, self-reflection skills, and creative problem-solving abilities. The curriculum is based on the 5D framework, which includes Denovation, Design, Device, Data, and Digital Living Lab. Major in Bio-Health Design homepage mobile location Major in Bio-Health Device homepage mobile location Major in Bio-Health Data homepage mobile location Major in Cutting Edge Biotech location 바이오헬스인공지능전공 location SEOUL Department of General Studies mobile location Based on the educational philosophy and characteristics of the university, the department of general studies pursues a general studies education that is compatible with the major education, with the goals of raising ethical awareness and cultivating character, enhancing comprehensive thinking and logical reasoning skills, and cultivating the ability to actively cope with the global system. Based on the educational philosophy and characteristics of the university, the department of general studies pursues a general studies education that is compatible with the major education, with the goals of raising ethical awareness and cultivating character, enhancing comprehensive thinking and logical reasoning skills, and cultivating the ability to actively cope with the global system. SEJONG College of Science and Technology homepage mobile location The College of Science & TECHNOLOGY was established to meet the educational goal of Hongik University by fostering a productive relationship between academia and industry. In doing so, the College contributes to the economic development of the nation by strengthening scientific and engineering skills. Detailed educational objectives are as follows : 1. Basic skills : To cultivate engineers with adaptability and problem-solving skills in a variety of industry sectors by developing knowledge-based skills such as math, science and language, etc. 2. Practical skills : To cultivate practical technicians trained with experimental method, communication skills, and information management skills. 3. Ethics and values : To establish the values and professional ethics and produce workers who can cooperate with others. The College of Science & TECHNOLOGY was established to meet the educational goal of Hongik University by fostering a productive relationship between academia and industry. In doing so, the College contributes to the economic development of the nation by strengthening scientific and engineering skills. Detailed educational objectives are as follows : 1. Basic skills : To cultivate engineers with adaptability and problem-solving skills in a variety of industry sectors by developing knowledge-based skills such as math, science and language, etc. 2. Practical skills : To cultivate practical technicians trained with experimental method, communication skills, and information management skills. 3. Ethics and values : To establish the values and professional ethics and produce workers who can cooperate with others. Major deferred(Science & Technology) homepage mobile location Department of Electronic & Electrical Convergence Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Software and Communications Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Nanomaterials Engineering homepage mobile location School of Architecture Engineering homepage location Major in Architectural Engineering homepage mobile location Major in Architecture homepage mobile location Department of Mechanical & Design Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Naval Architecture & Ocean Engineering homepage mobile location Department of Biological and Chemical Engineering homepage mobile location SEJONG College of integrated AID Science and Technology homepage mobile location The College of Science & TECHNOLOGY was established to meet the educational goal of Hongik University by fostering a productive relationship between academia and industry. In doing so, the College contributes to the economic development of the nation by strengthening scientific and engineering skills. Detailed educational objectives are as follows : 1. Basic skills : To cultivate engineers with adaptability and problem-solving skills in a variety of industry sectors by developing knowledge-based skills such as math, science and language, etc. 2. Practical skills : To cultivate practical technicians trained with experimental method, communication skills, and information management skills. 3. Ethics and values : To establish the values and professional ethics and produce workers who can cooperate with others. The College of Science & TECHNOLOGY was established to meet the educational goal of Hongik University by fostering a productive relationship between academia and industry. In doing so, the College contributes to the economic development of the nation by strengthening scientific and engineering skills. Detailed educational objectives are as follows : 1. Basic skills : To cultivate engineers with adaptability and problem-solving skills in a variety of industry sectors by developing knowledge-based skills such as math, science and language, etc. 2. Practical skills : To cultivate practical technicians trained with experimental method, communication skills, and information management skills. 3. Ethics and values : To establish the values and professional ethics and produce workers who can cooperate with others. Department of Materials and Science Engineering homepage mobile location Deparment of Naval Architecture, Ocean and Mobility Engineering homepage mobile location Deparment of Mechanical and Design Engineering homepage mobile location Free Major(College of integrated AID Science and Technology) homepage mobile location Deparment of Electronic and Electrical Convergence Engineering) homepage mobile location Deparment of Software and Communications Engineering homepage mobile location School of Architecture homepage location Archhitectural Engineering homepage mobile location Major in Architecture(5 years) homepage mobile location Department of Biological and Chemical Engineering homepage mobile location SEJONG School of Games homepage mobile location The School of Games is an independent institution that educates professionals in game software and graphic design. It comprises majors in Game Software and Game Graphic Design, emphasizing practical experience through graduation and external projects. With experienced faculty and cutting-edge equipment, it offers a hands-on learning environment and opportunities for collaboration with venture companies. Graduates excel in leadership roles in the game industry. The School of Games is an independent institution that educates professionals in game software and graphic design. It comprises majors in Game Software and Game Graphic Design, emphasizing practical experience through graduation and external projects. With experienced faculty and cutting-edge equipment, it offers a hands-on learning environment and opportunities for collaboration with venture companies. Graduates excel in leadership roles in the game industry. Major in Game Software homepage mobile location Major in Game Graphics Design homepage mobile location SEJONG College of Business Management homepage mobile location The College of Business Management aims to cultivate future managers who can act with creativity and proactivity in the global economic society. To achieve this, the curriculum of the College of Business Management is organized and operated as a holistic course to nurture future corporate leaders who are not only well-versed in business knowledge but also in humanities, language skills, IT capabilities, and ethics. The College of Business Management aims to cultivate future managers who can act with creativity and proactivity in the global economic society. To achieve this, the curriculum of the College of Business Management is organized and operated as a holistic course to nurture future corporate leaders who are not only well-versed in business knowledge but also in humanities, language skills, IT capabilities, and ethics. School of Business Management homepage mobile location Major in Business Management homepage mobile location Major in Accounting homepage mobile location Major in Finance & Insurance homepage mobile location SEJONG College of Design and Arts homepage mobile location An integrative and multifaceted education breaking the boundaries of conventional academic disciplines Design education grounded in sustainability and inclusivity propelling positive social change Design education that fosters critical thinking and innovation while making consistent contributions to the global society Nurturing creative professionals equipped with problem-solving abilities for an unpredictable future society based on cutting-edge technology education Cultivating global talents in the fields of design and film&animation with a balanced combination of logical reasoning and creativity. An integrative and multifaceted education breaking the boundaries of conventional academic disciplines Design education grounded in sustainability and inclusivity propelling positive social change Design education that fosters critical thinking and innovation while making consistent contributions to the global society Nurturing creative professionals equipped with problem-solving abilities for an unpredictable future society based on cutting-edge technology education Cultivating global talents in the fields of design and film&animation with a balanced combination of logical reasoning and creativity. School of Design Convergence homepage mobile location School of Film and Animation homepage mobile location SEJONG School of Advertising and Public Relations homepage mobile location In today's society, advertising and public relations are paramount, emphasizing both communication and persuasion. Our department enhances education qualitatively and quantitatively through a balanced curriculum blending theory, practice, planning, and creativity. Established in 1998, our unique program prepares students as professionals, aiming to anchor this globally recognized field domestically, aspiring for leadership in research and education. In today's society, advertising and public relations are paramount, emphasizing both communication and persuasion. Our department enhances education qualitatively and quantitatively through a balanced curriculum blending theory, practice, planning, and creativity. Established in 1998, our unique program prepares students as professionals, aiming to anchor this globally recognized field domestically, aspiring for leadership in research and education. SEJONG Department of Industrial Sports mobile location Due to informatization and extended human lifespan, the number of people participating in sports will increase and expand rapidly. Therefore, it is required to cultivate sports-related fields and professional leaders to guide sports and sports. The educational goal of the Department of Industrial Sports is to cultivate professional sports leaders who can systematically teach in the sports field after graduation by acquiring expertise, the latest theories and practical skills, along with physical education and sports-related skills. Due to informatization and extended human lifespan, the number of people participating in sports will increase and expand rapidly. Therefore, it is required to cultivate sports-related fields and professional leaders to guide sports and sports. The educational goal of the Department of Industrial Sports is to cultivate professional sports leaders who can systematically teach in the sports field after graduation by acquiring expertise, the latest theories and practical skills, along with physical education and sports-related skills. SEJONG Major deferred(Sejong Campus) homepage mobile location Sejong Campus Free Major aims to produce talented individuals with the expertise tailored to their abilities through creative and multidisciplinary education. Students can design the major that suits their aptitude and talent by having sufficient time to explore various fields of study. Students of Sejong Campus Free Major can either select the desired academic fields as their main major and complete the courses of it, or enter the desired department and complete the courses as a member of the department. ※ Department of Sports Science is excluded from the options. Sejong Campus Free Major aims to produce talented individuals with the expertise tailored to their abilities through creative and multidisciplinary education. Students can design the major that suits their aptitude and talent by having sufficient time to explore various fields of study. Students of Sejong Campus Free Major can either select the desired academic fields as their main major and complete the courses of it, or enter the desired department and complete the courses as a member of the department. ※ Department of Sports Science is excluded from the options. SEJONG Multidisciplinary Studies location Major in Landscape Architecture location Major in Big Data Business mobile location Major in Future Mobility mobile location SEJONG Department of General Studies(Sejong Campus) homepage mobile location 94, Wausan-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 04066, Korea 82-2-320-1114 webmaster@hongik.ac.kr COPYRIGHT © HONGIK UNIVERSITY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.