Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × First-year Office of Admissions Apply First-year Important first-year application information Academic preparation and achievement are some of the most important factors when it comes to reviewing your application, but we want to know more. What should we know about you that isn't reflected in your grades and coursework? Where are you headed? What do you care about? We are excited to learn what you will bring to the UW community. How to apply See our step-by-step instructions on how to apply . What you need to know: What you need to know: Key dates & deadlines Quarter of application Quarter begins Application opens Application deadline Notification period Winter* Early January August 1 September 1 November + December Autumn Late September August 15 November 15 March 1-15 Spring Late March N/A for first-years N/A for first-years N/A for first-years Summer** Mid-June September 1 November 15 March 1-15 Admission decisions are made only after all first-year applications have been reviewed. The UW does not participate in early decision or early action admission. *Winter quarter is not open to international first-year applicants. For more information and to access the application, please contact your admissions counselor. **Most degree-seeking students apply for autumn quarter. If you wish to apply for summer quarter as a degree-seeking student please consult an admissions counselor . To apply for summer quarter as a non-degree student, contact Summer Quarter . Holistic review We're looking for students who will not only benefit from the academic and cultural opportunities available at the UW, but for students who will also contribute to our energy and diversity of experience. The entire application, including the essay and extracurricular activities, is important in the individualized review. We encourage you to use the application to share who you are and what is important to you. Learn more about holistic review . First-year students by the numbers At the UW, you are more than test scores and a GPA, but we know that you're curious about the numbers anyway. CADRs All first-year applicants must complete a minimum level of preparation in six subject areas. This requirement ensures that students entering the UW have an appreciation for the liberal arts and are adequately prepared to succeed in college. Learn more about satisfying CADRs . Subject Credits required English 4 Mathematics 3 Social sciences/social studies 3 World languages 2 Science (including 2 credits of lab science) 3 Senior year Math-based quantitative course 1 Fine, visual or performing arts .5 Academic elective .5 English proficiency (international students only) International students are required to submit an official TOEFL or IELTS score that meets the UW's minimum English proficiency requirement . Exams for credit We get asked about which path is best…a lot. Should you take Advanced Placement (AP) courses? How about International Baccalaureate (IB) or A Level and AS Level exams? The UW encourages and applauds participation in any of these programs. They are challenging and demanding, and we believe they provide excellent preparation for university study. Find details and useful links below. Advanced Placement (AP) International Baccalaureate (IB) A Level and AS Level exams Admission to majors Your admission to a major at the UW depends on the major you are interested in and your application type. Learn more about admission to majors Homeschool policies Homeschool students bring unique qualities to our campus, and we welcome your interest in the UW. Homeschool applicants are assessed in the same context as other first-years in the UW's holistic review process. We welcome applications from homeschool students. Please review our guidelines so you're ready to go. Not sure if you're a first-year or a transfer student? Let us help . College Academic Distribution Requirements (CADRs) All first-year applicants are required to meet minimum academic distribution requirements as set by the Washington Student Achievement Council (WSAC) and the faculty of the UW. Learn more about first-year CADRs . Transcripts Do not send transcripts until you receive a request from the Office of Admissions. The application asks you to provide a detailed account of your academic coursework, and that's all we need to review your application. Applicants who are admitted and who confirm their intention to enroll at the UW will be required to send final transcripts. At that time, we will verify that all admission requirements have been satisfied. The offer of admission may be withdrawn if important discrepancies are discovered. Final college transcripts are also required for applicants who attended college. I applied. Now what? We appreciate the time and effort that you put into your application to the UW. We want to make what comes next as clear and efficient as possible. Just wondering when you'll get your decision? See this notification schedule . Home Apply Admission to majors Dates and deadlines First-year How to apply Holistic review First-year students by the numbers College Academic Distribution Requirement (CADRs) First-year homeschool applicants I applied. Now what? Parents & Families Preparing for college Running Start Transfer How to apply Holistic review Transfers by the numbers College Academic Distribution Requirements (CADRs) Transfer GPA Transfer credit policies WA CC Equivalency Guide Transfer planning resources Spring quarter transfer admission I applied. Now what? Postbaccalaureate How to apply Military University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA