Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × Apply We value the wide lens of our students' experiences, talents and sheer brainpower. You aren't just a GPA and a set of numbers. We want to know more. Important dates & deadlines More dates Applicant type Autumn application opens Autumn application deadline Autumn notification period First-year (including Running Start and veterans) August 15 November 15 March 1-15 Transfer (including veterans) December 15 February 15 May-July Postbac December 15 February 15 June + July What's my application type? First-year, transfer or postbac - what's the difference? What about Running Start? Let us help . First-year Running Start Transfer Postbac Veteran I don't know Watch a video about application types Pride points 54 % WA first-year 3-year average admit rate 76 % WA community college transfer 3-year average admit rate 3 pro tips for success Come see it for yourself TIP 1 There's nothing like experiencing campus through an in-person guided tour. You'll get an up-close view of all UW and Seattle have to offer. Visit campus for a tour Get your common questions answered TIP 2 Get your Common App questions answered by the experts. Our weekly webinars take out the worry and get you up to speed. Attend a webinar Learn how to apply TIP 3 From writing your essay to choosing a program, learn all you need to know as a first-year applicant. Get the details Admission to majors Your admission to a major at the UW depends on the major you're interested in and on your application type. Learn more Preparing for college What can you do now to set yourself up for success? read more JOIN THE EMAIL LIST Get tips from our Admissions team on: How to submit the strongest application Important deadlines Majors and academic programs Campus tours and UW events in your area Join email list University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA