Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × How to apply Office of Admissions Apply First-year How to apply Follow this checklist to make sure you have everything you need to submit a complete application for admission. The application Choose your program The writing section Self-report your courses College Academic Distribution Requirements (CADRs) The application fee Send test scores? Send transcripts? Make sure you also know what's not considered . Questions about the application process? Join us for a Common App webinar . The application The UW application for first-year autumn admission opens August 15. (See dates and deadlines for additional information.) You may apply to the UW using the Common App. The deadline is November 15, and decisions will be released March 1-15. Questions about the application? Join us for a webinar about applying with the Common App. Ready to get started? Apply using the Common App Choose your program If your first-choice major participates in Direct to Major or Direct to College admission, be sure to select it as your first choice on the application to be automatically considered. Are you willing to study something other than your first-choice major if you are admitted to the UW? Your first-choice major serves as the primary admission point for direct-to-major or direct-to-college/school options for computer science, computer engineering, the College of Engineering or the Foster School of Business. Listing a second-choice major on the application lets us know that you are interested in attending the UW even if you are not admitted to your first-choice major and allows us to review your application for general admission to the University. However, your second-choice major is not used for placement into direct-to-major or direct-to-college/school options. Second-choice major options are also used for statistical purposes to better understand the academic interests of our applicants. The writing section The Common App essay, often referred to as the personal essay, is a required and important part of your application. It has a 650-word maximum word limit, and there are seven prompts to choose from. Learn more about the essay . Self-report your courses through STARS All first-year applicants - including U.S., international and homeschool students - are required to self-report their courses and grades through the Self-reported Transcript and Academic Record System (STARS) platform. You may upload your information directly into the STARS system, so having an unofficial transcript may be handy. Be sure to use the same email address for your STARS submission that you use to submit your application to the UW through the Common App. This is how we will match your courses and grades to your application. Submit your STARS record to the UW AFTER you have submitted your application for admission. Note that we are unable to accept changes to your academic record after it is submitted to the UW. You are required to provide complete and accurate information when self-reporting your academic record through STARS. Although official transcripts are not required at the time of application, you will be required to provide a final official high school transcript if you are admitted and plan to enroll at the UW. IMPORTANT : We are unable to accept changes to your academic record after it is submitted to the UW. Find additional information on our STARS FAQ . Complete your College Academic Distribution Requirements (CADRs) The application A minimum level of preparation in six subject areas must be met for admission. Learn more about satisfying CADRs . The application fee U.S. first-year students The application fee is nonrefundable and must be submitted each time you apply for admission. It cannot be transferred to another quarter, campus of the UW or to another student. Application fee: $85 Fee waivers available Spring: first-year applications not accepted Learn more about the application fee . International first-year students The application fee is nonrefundable, and must be submitted each time you apply for admission. It cannot be transferred to another quarter, campus of the UW or to another student. Application fee: $95 Fee waivers not available Winter/Spring: international first-year applications not accepted Learn more about the application fee . Send test scores? The UW no longer requires SAT or ACT scores for most applicants. Homeschooled applicants and applicants who come from schools with non-standard grading practices that do not have letter or numeric grades are still required to submit SAT or ACT scores. Learn more about SAT/ACT scores . International first-year students - English proficiency International students must submit English proficiency test scores that meet the minimum requirement for admission. Learn more about English proficiency . Send transcripts? U.S. schools and international schools that follow a U.S.-style curriculum Do not send high school or college transcripts unless you receive a request from the Office of Admissions. The application asks you to provide a detailed account of your academic coursework, and that's all we need to review your application. Transcripts are not required for U.S. and international schools that follow a U.S.-style curriculum. Please do not mail transcripts at this time. However, uploading an unofficial copy to your Common App application is encouraged. You may also find it useful to have an unofficial copy of your transcript handy to help you complete the application. Schools outside the U.S. that follow a national/local curriculum Regardless of whether you are applying as a U.S. or international student, if you have attended a school outside of the U.S. that follows a national compulsory curriculum, you are required to upload a scanned, unofficial copy of your transcript for grade levels 9 and higher as part of your application. If you have attended a school outside of the U.S. that follows a national compulsory curriculum, you are required to upload a scanned, unofficial copy of your transcript for grade levels 9 and higher as part of your Common App application. Records from schools outside the U.S. must be in English or in the native language and accompanied by official English translations. If you have college/university coursework, you do not need to submit official transcripts. However, you may upload to your application unofficial copies from all colleges and universities you have attended. Do not mail high school transcripts or mid-year school reports to the Office of Admissions. Things we do not consider No interviews/demonstrated interest The UW does not conduct formal interviews or consider demonstrated interest in the admission decision. No letters of recommendation We ask that you not send letters of recommendation or other supplemental materials such as drawings, links to websites, books or other portfolio-type items. We will learn everything we need to know about you through your essay responses. Home First-year How to apply Application fee English proficiency Test scores Writing section Holistic review First-year students by the numbers College Academic Distribution Requirement (CADRs) Alternatives to the English requirement Completing Art A Level & AS Level exams Advanced Placement (AP) International Baccalaureate (IB) First-year homeschool applicants I applied. Now what? First-year guidelines for special admission by appeal University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA