Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × Dates and deadlines Office of Admissions Apply Dates and deadlines First-year deadlines Transfer deadlines Postbaccalaureate deadlines First-year deadlines August 15: Application opens November 15 : Application deadline for summer and autumn quarters December 31 : Test score deadline for summer and autumn quarters February 1 : UW FAFSA + WASFA priority date March 1-15 : Admission decision notification period for summer and autumn quarter May 1 : National College Decision Day, the date by which most first-year students will need to confirm the intent to enroll in a college for summer or autumn quarter. Consult your offer letter for the date by which you must confirm your intent to enroll at the UW and pay your Enrollment Confirmation Deposit (ECD) Transfer deadlines October 1 : FAFSA + WASFA opens December 15 : Application opens for summer and autumn quarters February 1 : UW FAFSA + WASFA priority date February 28 : Application deadline for summer and autumn quarters May 1 - June 30 : Admission decision notification period for summer and autumn quarter Decision deadline : Consult your offer letter for the date by which you must confirm your intent to enroll at the UW and pay your Enrollment Confirmation Deposit (ECD) Departmental deadline : some majors require a separate application. Check the MyMajor tool and with the department for details. Postbaccalaureate deadlines October 1 : FAFSA + WASFA opens December 15 : Application opens for summer and autumn quarters February 28 : UW FAFSA + WASFA priority date February 28 : Application deadline for summer and autumn quarters May 1 - June 30 : Admission decision notification period for summer and autumn quarter Decision deadline : Consult your offer letter for the date by which you must confirm your intent to enroll at the UW and pay your Enrollment Confirmation Deposit (ECD) Departmental deadline : Some majors require a separate application. Check the MyMajor tool and with the department for details. Home Apply Admission to majors Dates and deadlines First-year How to apply Holistic review First-year students by the numbers College Academic Distribution Requirement (CADRs) First-year homeschool applicants I applied. Now what? Parents & Families Preparing for college Running Start Transfer How to apply Holistic review Transfers by the numbers College Academic Distribution Requirements (CADRs) Transfer GPA Transfer credit policies WA CC Equivalency Guide Transfer planning resources Spring quarter transfer admission I applied. Now what? Postbaccalaureate How to apply Military University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA