Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × Costs & Financial Aid Earn your degree with less debt. UW graduates complete college with less debt than the national average. Of UW students surveyed six months after graduation, 18% report continuing their education, and 71% report having found employment. Pride Points TOP 10 Public U.S. Universities for Return on Investment (ROI) Princeton Review, 2025 70 % of UW Seniors graduated with no student loan debt (2024-25) TOP 10 'Best Buy' Among U.S. Public Colleges and Universities Fiske Guide to Colleges, 2025 Apply for aid We believe everyone should have the opportunity to attend the UW. Finances should not be a barrier to getting a world-class education. costs Husky promise Husky Promise is our guarantee to Washington state residents that we will not let financial challenges stand in the way of discovering their potential or achieving a UW degree. Husky Promise Scholarships Scholarships are funds that don't have to be paid back after graduation. Explore what might be available to you. Learn more JOIN THE EMAIL LIST We believe that students from all economic backgrounds should have the opportunity to attend the University of Washington Join email list University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA