Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × Applying for aid Office of Admissions Costs & Financial Aid Applying for aid Financial aid funds are an important resource to help pay for college. Over half of UW undergraduates receive financial aid. Applying for financial aid is separate from your application for admission. For U.S. citizens and permanent resident students to be considered for all forms of UW financial aid, they must file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). For students who are living in Washington and unable to file the FAFSA may file the Washington Application for State Financial Aid (WASFA). For priority aid consideration, be sure that you have submitted your FAFSA/WASFA by February 1, for the upcoming school year, even if you don't know whether you will be offered admission. Award notices are sent out in the spring and continue through the summer. They are sent electronically, so be sure to check your UW email and MyUW regularly. The UW does not provide financial aid to undergraduate international students. Not sure if you're an international student? Let us help. Home Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Resources Residency Financial aid: Getting started Net Price Calculator University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA