Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × Scholarships Office of Admissions Costs & Financial Aid Scholarships The UW offers scholarships in everything from academic pursuits and research activities to community service and musical talents. You are considered for some scholarship programs automatically as part of your admission or financial aid applications, while others are available through departments once you are enrolled as a student. First-year scholarships Transfer scholarships The Office of Student Financial Aid The Financial Aid Scholarship Services Office awards several hundred scholarships each year to undergraduates who demonstrate outstanding academic achievement and financial need and who are residents of Washington state. To be eligible for consideration, students must be admitted to the UW for autumn quarter of the academic year and complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or the Washington Application for State Financial Aid (WASFA) by the priority filing date of February 1. A separate application is not required, but some students will be asked to provide additional information later in the review process. The UW does not provide financial aid or scholarships to undergraduate international students. Not sure if you're an international student? Let us help. First-year scholarships Presidential Scholar The Presidential Scholarship is a $10,000 award given to selected Washington residents who show exceptional leadership, community engagement and promise. It is renewable for up to four years. Washington residents are considered automatically with their application to the UW. Purple & Gold The Purple & Gold Scholarship is awarded to U.S. students (U.S. citizens, permanent residents, refugees and undocumented residents) who are not residents of Washington state. Amounts vary by recipient, are given for four years and may be used only for the Seattle campus. This scholarship is awarded with the following conditions: Recipients are not now, nor will they become, residents of the state of Washington or eligible for Washington resident tuition for the four-year duration of the award. Recipients will confirm their intention to enroll at the UW for autumn quarter by May 1 of the year they wish to enroll. Recipients will enroll as full-time students , defined as a minimum of 12 credits per quarter for three quarters of the academic year. The scholarship is renewable for four years as long as recipients maintain good academic standing . The scholarship may not be deferred. Note: Students admitted to UW Academy are not eligible for the Purple & Gold Scholarship. Costco Scholarship The Costco Scholarship for First-Year is privately supported by the generous contributions of many individuals, organizations and local businesses, including Costco and Boeing. It awards $10,000 per year for four years to high-achieving high-need students who are entering the UW as first-year students from communities that are traditionally underserved in education. The following factors may be considered in the selection process: Academic record (curriculum, grades) Personal background and community service Financial need, as evidenced from the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or Washington Application for State Financial Aid (WASFA) Residency in the state of Washington Part of an underserved group such as youth in foster care, historically underrepresented minority students, and students who are the first in their family to pursue a college degree. To be considered, students are encouraged to file the FAFSA/WASFA as soon after October 1 as possible, but before February 28. Students whose admission applications indicate that they may meet the scholarship criteria will be reviewed automatically - no additional application is needed. Eligible students will be notified in late April or early May. Washington NASA Space Grant Consortium Washington NASA Space Grant Consortium prepares students for the workforce of tomorrow through hands-on education and research, offering scholarships, fellowships, research internships and more to selected students pursuing degrees in science, technology, engineering and mathematics throughout the state of Washington. Explore the opportunities that might be right for you. Army ROTC Tuition Scholarship The Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps Scholarship is a merit based scholarship offered to UW students who are eligible and desire to serve in the U.S. military as a commissioned officer. The scholarship covers full tuition - resident or nonresident rate - and these additional benefits: $1,200 annual book stipend $420 monthly allowance during the school year This scholarship is awarded with the following conditions: Recipients must be U.S. Citizens Between the ages of 17-30 years old Have high moral character Be medically qualified Enrolled as a full time student and in ROTC Military Science courses Pass a physical fitness test Be in good academic standing with a minimum 2.5 GPA to apply Accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation There is no service obligation to apply for the scholarship. Contact the UW Department of Military Science for additional information - armyrotc@uw.edu . UW Army ROTC Housing Scholarship The Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps Housing Scholarship is a merit based scholarship offered to UW students who are eligible and desire to serve in the U.S. military as a commissioned officer. ROTC provides a $10,000 annual scholarship for housing and these additional benefits: $1,200 annual book stipend $420 monthly allowance during the school year. This scholarship is awarded with the following conditions: Recipients must be U.S. Citizens Between the ages of 17-30 years old Have high moral character Be medically qualified Enrolled as a full time student and in ROTC Military Science courses Pass a physical fitness test Be in good academic standing with a minimum 2.5 GPA to apply Accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation There is no service obligation to apply for the scholarship. Contact the UW Department of Military Science for additional information - armyrotc@uw.edu . Transfer scholarships Martin Family Foundation Scholarship programs The Martin Family Foundation supports the Martin Achievement Scholarship and the Martin Family Foundation Honors Scholarship . Both are designed to enable exceptional students of Washington community colleges to complete their bachelor's degrees on the UW's Seattle campus. They fund students at different points in their community college careers and may be renewable each year for up to three years of undergraduate support. Washington NASA Space Grant Consortium Washington NASA Space Grant Consortium prepares students for the workforce of tomorrow through hands-on education and research, offering scholarships, fellowships, research internships and more to selected students pursuing degrees in science, technology, engineering and mathematics throughout the state of Washington. Explore the opportunities that might be right for you. Army ROTC Tuition Scholarship The Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps Scholarship is a merit based scholarship offered to UW students who are eligible and desire to serve in the U.S. military as a commissioned officer. The scholarship covers full tuition - resident or nonresident rate - and these additional benefits: $1,200 annual book stipend $420 monthly allowance during the school year This scholarship is awarded with the following conditions: Recipients must be U.S. Citizens Between the ages of 17-30 years old Have high moral character Be medically qualified Enrolled as a full time student and in ROTC Military Science courses Pass a physical fitness test Be in good academic standing with a minimum 2.5 GPA to apply Accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation There is no service obligation to apply for the scholarship. Contact the UW Department of Military Science for additional information - armyrotc@uw.edu . UW Army ROTC Housing Scholarship The Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps Housing Scholarship is a merit based scholarship offered to UW students who are eligible and desire to serve in the U.S. military as a commissioned officer. ROTC provides a $10,000 annual scholarship for housing and these additional benefits: $1,200 annual book stipend $420 monthly allowance during the school year. This scholarship is awarded with the following conditions: Recipients must be U.S. Citizens Between the ages of 17-30 years old Have high moral character Be medically qualified Enrolled as a full time student and in ROTC Military Science courses Pass a physical fitness test Be in good academic standing with a minimum 2.5 GPA to apply Accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation There is no service obligation to apply for the scholarship. Contact the UW Department of Military Science for additional information - armyrotc@uw.edu . Additional resources The following links will take you to websites not affiliated with the UW. They may offer different privacy policies and levels of security. The UW is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services offered or expressed on other websites. The College Board Fastweb FinAid Federal Trade Commission, Scholarship Scams Home Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Resources Residency Financial aid: Getting started Net Price Calculator University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA