Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × Office of Admissions Apply First-year How to apply Application fee First-year application fee U.S. students International students U.S. students The application fee is nonrefundable and must be submitted each time you apply for admission. It cannot be transferred to another quarter, to another campus of the UW or to another student. Application fee: $85 Payment options You may pay by credit card, debit card or an electronic check from a U.S. checking account. The application fee must be paid at the time you submit the online application and cannot be submitted separately. The application cannot be reviewed by the Office of Admissions unless the application fee has been paid or a fee waiver has been granted. Fee waivers Fee waivers are available for students with confirmed financial hardship who are submitting the U.S. first-year application. (Fee waivers are not available for international applicants.) The fee waiver request is embedded in the application. No additional forms or documents are required. If your request is not approved, you will need to pay the application fee before submitting your application. Receiving a fee waiver will have no bearing whatsoever on the review of your application for admission, and the information you provide will not be released to anyone for any purpose. If you have questions about the fee waiver process or wish to speak to a staff member, please contact the Office of Admissions . International students The application fee is nonrefundable and must be submitted each time you apply for admission. It cannot be transferred to another quarter, to another campus of the UW or to another student. Application fee: $95 Payment options You may pay by credit card, debit card or an electronic check from a U.S. checking account. The application fee must be paid at the time you submit the online application and cannot be submitted separately. The application cannot be reviewed by the Office of Admissions unless the application fee has been paid with the application. Fee waivers Fee waivers are not available for international applicants. Home How to apply Application fee English proficiency Test scores Writing section University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA