Skip to content Enter search text Current site All the UW Search scope Current site All the UW MyUW Calendar Directories Libraries UW Medicine Maps UW Today Helpful Links Information Technology Employee Self Service Husky Card UW Bothell UW Tacoma UW Facebook UW Twitter University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Quick Links Menu Academics Majors Research Study Abroad Honors Careers Apply First-year Running Start Transfer Postbaccalaureate Military Parents & Families Visit Tours and information sessions Events Costs & Financial Aid Cost of attendance Applying for aid Scholarships Husky Promise Student Life Housing & Dining Resources Seattle Contact Join the email list Find your admissions counselor For high school counselors Connect Virtual Tour The Office of Admissions will be closed for in-person appointments on Monday, September 28-Friday, October 2. However, we are available via phone and email . Campus tours and info sessions are not affected. We look forward to connecting with you! × Office of Admissions Apply First-year Holistic review Holistic review While we look at many factors in reviewing applications for admission, academic preparation and performance are still primary. Please note : The UW removed the SAT/ACT requirement for admission. Read more on the SAT/ACT page . Preparation & performance Indicators of preparation and performance include: An overall strong level of academic achievement, as demonstrated by grades, depth and breadth and rigor of curriculum. Taking advantage of college-preparatory courses during high school, such as Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), Running Start or college in the high school; or academic subjects beyond the minimum required for college entrance. Taking full advantage of the senior year Demonstrating a positive grade trend Note: The UW does not weight or prioritize one model of college-level course over another. Comparable coursework completed through AP, IB, Cambridge, Running Start and College in the High School are viewed equally for admission purposes. Personal achievements & characteristics What have you done outside of the classroom? Personal achievements and characteristics may include: Demonstrating a commitment to community service and leadership Exercising significant responsibility in a family, community, employment situation or through activities Attaining a college-preparatory education despite socio-economic disadvantage (Washington state residents only) Demonstrating unique perspectives or experiences Home First-year How to apply Application fee English proficiency Test scores Writing section Holistic review First-year students by the numbers College Academic Distribution Requirement (CADRs) Alternatives to the English requirement Completing Art A Level & AS Level exams Advanced Placement (AP) International Baccalaureate (IB) First-year homeschool applicants I applied. Now what? First-year guidelines for special admission by appeal University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest TikTok Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms Newsletter © 2026 University of Washington | Seattle, WA