입학 모집요강 ※ This admission guide is a translation of the original Korean version. In case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the Korean version shall prevail. 1. Admission Schedule 2. Undergraduate Programs 3. Eligibility 4. Required Documents 5. Application Fee 6. Screening Process 7. Admission Process 8. Application Guidelines 9. International Students Scholarships 10. Sookmyung Korean Proficiency Test 11. Dormitory Spring 2027 Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students Procedure Spring 2027 Admission Note 1st Round 2nd Round 3rd Round *Only residents of Korea are eligible to apply. Others, please contact us via email before applying Application Forms Available online 2026 Oct. 7 (Wed.) 10:00 ~ Oct. 16 (Fri.) 17:0 0 2026 Nov. 6 (Fri.) 10:00 ~ Nov. 20 (Fri.) 17:00 2026 Dec. 3 (Thu.) 10:00 ~ Dec. 18 (Fri.) 17:00 http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr → Admission → Undergraduate → Apply Online Required Documents Submission Deadline 2026 Oct. 30 (Fri.) 17:00 2026 Nov. 27 (Fri.) 17:00 2026 Dec. 18 (Fri.) 17:00 Submission: By postal mail or inperson (Not by email) - Print the online application form and submit it with the required documents in order (Refer to 5. List of Required Documents). [Undergraduate] Centennial Hall #106 Office of International Affairs, Sookmyung Women's University 100, Cheongpa-ro 47-gil, Yongsangu, Seoul, Korea (04310) Notice on Interview 2026 Nov. 9 (Mon.) 2026 Dec. 11 (Fri.) 2026 Dec. 28 (Mon.) http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr → Notice Interview and Document Assessment 2026 Nov. 13 (Fri.) 2026 Dec. 16 (Wed.) 2026 Dec. 30 (Wed.) [Departments with Interview Assessment] Department of Dance, Piano, Instruments, Vocal Music, Composition, Visual&Multimedia Design, Industrial Design, Environmental Design Announcement of Results 2026 Nov. 27 (Fri.) 2027 Jan. 6 (Wed.) 2027 Jan. 15 (Fri.) http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr → Notice Registration January 2027 Classes begin Mar. 2, 2027 (Tue.) 1 Admission Schedule A. Online application is mandatory for all candidates. However overseas applicants, who cannot access online applications can apply via postal mail by submitting a written application form. (If applying offline, please contact the admissions office for prior confirmation.) B. Please prepare the required documents as early as possible, it may take a month or more to complete the preparation, and ensure submission within the deadline. C. After completing online application, applicants should submit the hard copies of completed application forms and other required documents by postal mail or in person. D. If an applicant presents any false information, fails to submit required application materials, or cannot be contacted, the applicant may be disqualified from the application process. 2 Undergraduate Programs (Freshman/Transfer) [Korean courses] College/School Division/Department/Major Freshman Transfer Note Hallyu International College Division of Interdisciplinary Studies Major Selection Available Advanced Major Available (Global Business Major) ○ X Exclusive division for International Students Division of Hallyu Studies ○ X Liberal Arts Division of Korean Language & Literature ○ ○ Department of History & Culture ○ ○ Department of French Language & Culture ○ ○ Division of Chinese Language & Literature ○ ○ Department of German Language & Culture ○ ○ Department of Japanese Studies ○ ○ Department of Library & Information Science ○ ○ Division of Culture, Tourism & Hospitality Management Culture & Tourism Major ○ ○ Natural Science Department of Chemistry ○ ○ Department of Biological Science ○ ○ Department of Mathematics ○ ○ Department of Statistics ○ ○ Department of Dance* ○ ○ Interview Engineering Science Division of Software Department of Data Science ○ ○ Department of Computer Science ○ ○ Department of Advanced Materials and Electronic Convergence Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering ○ ○ Department of Material Physics ○ ○ Department of Mechanical Systems Engineering ○ ○ Division of Artificial Intelligence Engineering ○ ○ [English courses] College/School Division/Department/Major Freshman Transfer Note School of English TESL Major ○ ○ School of Global Service Global Cooperation Major ○ ○ Entrepreneurship Major ○ ○ A. All departments, except *those requiring interviews and practical skill tests, will conduct document reviews. B. For transfer students, applications are accepted regardless of the major or department from their previous university. However, for transfer applications to the **Department of Piano or Orchestral Instruments, only students with the same specialized major can apply. C. Applicants whose evaluation scores do not meet the minimum criteria set by the university's admission guidelines will not be selected. D. Applicants who fail to submit required documents, submit incomplete documents, or are absent will be disqualified. Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering ○ ○ Human Ecology Department of Family & Resource Management ○ ○ Division of Child Welfare & Studies ○ ○ Department of Clothing & Textiles ○ ○ Department of Food & Nutrition ○ ○ Social Sciences Department of Political Science & International Relations ○ ○ Department of Public Administration ○ ○ Department of Public Relations & Advertising ○ ○ Department of Consumer Economics ○ ○ Department of Social Psychology ○ ○ Law Division of Law ○ ○ Economics & Business Administration Division of Economics ○ ○ Division of Business Administration ○ ○ Music Department of Piano** ○ ○ Interview Department of Orchestral Instruments** ○ ○ Interview Department of Vocal Music* ○ ○ Interview Department of Composition* ○ ○ Interview Fine Arts Department of Visual & Multimedia Design* ○ ○ Interview Department of Industrial Design* ○ ○ Interview Department of Environmental Design* ○ ○ Interview Department of Arts & Crafts ○ ○ Department of Painting ○ ○ School of English English Language & Literature ○ ○ School of Communication & Media ○ ○ 3 Eligibility 1. Applicant Qualifications by Admission Categories Section Academic Requirements Nationality Freshmen Applicants must have graduated (or to be expected) from accredited high schools, either domestic or international. ※ High school equivalency certifications, such as GED programs, homeschooling, or online learning, will not be accepted, even if they are recognized or authorized by an organization. 1. Female students whose parents both hold foreign nationalities 2. Students who changed their Korean nationality to a foreign nationality before entering high school, or who gave up their Korean citizenship and acquired a foreign nationality before entering high school (In the case of changing to a foreign nationality or renouncing Korean nationality, the applicant's parents must also complete the process of changing or renouncing Korean nationality before the applicant's entry into high school.) 3. Students with multiple citizenship are NOT eligible to apply. 4. If you are in a family relationship with either your mother or father (e.g., a singleparent family or an unmarried mother/father), you will be eligible to apply based on the nationality of the parent with whom you have a family relationship. ※ If there are any significant changes in family relations or nationality (e.g., divorce, remarriage, unmarried status, Death, missing status, adoption), you must submit documents verifying these situations.) Transfer Applicants Sophomore Transfer Applicants must meet the following requirement: Completion of more than 1 year at a regular 4-year university and earned more than 30 credits Junior Transfer Applicants must meet at least one of the following three requirements: 1. A graduate or expected graduate of a regular 4-year university. 2. An individual who has completed 2 or more years at a regular 4year university and earned more than 60 credits. 3. A graduate or expected graduate of a college. 2. Language Requirements Course Undergraduate Major Language Proficiency Criteria Korean Course Division of Interdisciplinary Studies Division of Hallyu Studies Applicants can apply regardless of language proficiency. *Students are required to complete at least 300 hours of Korean language courses within the Division of Interdisciplinary Studies after admission. All Other Departments A. TOPIK (include IBT) level 3 or higher B. Completion of Level 3 or higher at the Sookmyung Global Language Institute (expected) C. Achieving Level 3 or higher on the Korean Language Test at the Sookmyung Global Language Institute D. Completion (or expected completion) of Level 3 or higher at another university's language institute C. Completion of Sejong Institute Intermediate Level 1 D. Completion of Level 3 of the Ministry of Justice's Social Integration Program, or a score of 61 or higher on the preliminary assessment ※ Applicants who do not have a language proficiency score at the time of application must apply to the Division of Interdisciplinary Studies or Division of Hallyu Studies. (For applicants to arts departments without language proficiency scores, choose one of the following options.) 1) If applying to the Division of Global Convergence, students may pursue a double major or minor in an arts department starting from their second year, subject to a practical skills evaluation. (Requirements may vary by department; please check in advance.) 2) If applying directly to an arts department, applicants who do not meet the department's Korean language proficiency requirements may take a leave of absence after admission(conditional admission). Students can return to their studies once they obtain a qualifying Korean language proficiency score. (For any inquiries about the Korean Language Test and the language Institute, please contact:2) English Course Tesl In School of English /Global Cooperation, Entrepreneurship Majors in the School of Global Services Applicants must submit one of the following language proficiency scores: TOEFL iBT 3.5, IELTS 5.5, New TEPS 327 or higher, or a nationally recognized English proficiency test score equivalent to the required level (TOPIK scores are not required). ※ Applicants who do not meet the above English proficiency requirements are not eligible to apply. ※ Additional Guidelines A. Government-invited scholarship students and foreign government-supported scholarship students follow the invitation application qualifications and academic management guidelines. B. Notwithstanding the above language proficiency requirements, applicants who meet the following criteria may apply without submitting language proficiency scores, provided they submit other supporting documents. 1) Korean Course: Applicants may submit a completion certificate for Level 3 or higher from the Sookmyung Global Language Institute or a passing certificate for Level 3 or higher from the Sookmyung Global Language Institute Korean Proficiency Test or A certificate of completion for Sejong Institute Intermediate Level 1, Level 3 of the Ministry of Justice's Social Integration Program, or a preliminary assessment score of 61 or higher If submitting this certificate, applicants must also provide a TOPIK Level 3 certificate (including IBT) within one year of admission. 2) English Courses Applicants who hold nationality from a country where English is the native or official language. If the country has multiple official languages, including one other than English, applicants must submit a document confirming that their educational curriculum was conducted in English. ※ Applicants for the Korean Track must obtain a TOPIK Level 4 or higher certificate (TOPIK Level 3 or higher for Arts and Physical Education) before graduation (excluding English courses). C. Applicants who are expected to graduate must complete their graduation by February 2027 and submit the final graduation certificate, verified before the start of the semester, in order to be eligible for admission. 4 Required Documents 1. Important notes on document submission A. Original documents should be sub mitted. If submitting photocopied documents, applicants must have the copies notarized or apostilled and then submit the notarized or apostilled copies. Alternatively, applicants may bring the original documents to the Office of International Affairs for official verification. B. All application documents must be in Korean or English. Documents in other languages must be accompanied by a complete Korean or English translatio n, which should be authenticated by the issuing institution or notarized by a notary public. C. All application documents must be accurately completed and submitted within the application period. Once submitted, no changes, replacements, or cancellations are allowed. D. Additional supplementary documents may be requested if necessary. Fa ilure to submit the requested supplementary documents may result in disqualification of the application. E. Any applicant who submits a provisional graduation certificate at the time of application must submit the official high school graduation certificate upon arrival in Korea. F. Transfer applicants who are currently on a leave of absence must submit a certificate of leave or a certificate of completion instead of a certificate of enrollment. G. If there is any inconsist ency in the applicant's name or birth date on the submitted documents, additional verification documents must be provided. H. Submitted documents will not be returned to the applicant. 2. Required Documents for Freshmen (Mandatory) Mandatory Note Application Form Print and submit the application after completing the online registration ※ Overseas applicants who cannot access the online application system can apply offline by submitting the attached [Form 1] . *Prior contact with the admissions officer is required. Release of Information Form Complete the Release of Information Form in Korean or English. Ensure all information about your final (or expected) graduating school is fully provided [Form 2]. High School Academic Documents ■ Certificate of Graduation and Academic Transcript (Proof of Education) - Applicants who have graduated (or are expected to graduate) from domestic high schools must submit the original academic proof documents. - Students who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a high school overseas must submit the required authentication documents. If the high school is located in a country that is a member of the Apostille Convention, an Apostille certificate must be submitted. If the high school is located in a country that is not a member of the Apostille Convention, a consular authentication must be submitted. 1) All documents proving academic background must be confirmed through Apostille (see Apostille Member Countries) 2) Countries without the Apostille Agreement must obtain confirmation from the consul at the Korean Embassy located in the country of the graduated high school. ※ Please refer to page 13 "Apostille and Embassy Legalization Information." ※ For graduates from schools in China, please refer to page 14. - Transcript of all high school grades 1) Submit a document that includes the GPA for all high school years, based on a 4.0, 4.3, 4.5, 5.0, or 100-point scale. 2) In case the transcript does not have information on the applicant's percentile score, an applicant must submit an additional official certificate issued by the high school, confirming that the applicant's academic achievement. 3) If an applicant holds a transcript that does not include information on grade point average or is unable to convert her grades into the GPA criteria mentioned above, then the applicant must submit official documents issued by the website WES(www.wes.org/) or Foreign credits(www.foreigncredits.com). 4) Students to be graduated must submit their academic transcript up to the previous semester. ※ After graduation, submit the graduation certificate and final academic transcript. Certificates of Citizenship of the Applicant and Parents & Official documents indicating family relationship between the Applicant and Parents ■ A copy of your passport and your parents' passports. ※ For applicants with Chinese nationality, please also submit copies of your and your parents' residence permits. ■ Birth certificate, family relationship certificate (or family relations certificate), or a copy of the resident registration that verifies the relationship between the applicant and their parents. ※ For applicants with Chinese nationality, a household registration may be requested if necessary. ※ The validity period for the birth certificate, family relationship certificate, or household registration(for Chinese nationals) is within 6 months from the issue date to the document submission deadline. Portfolio Required for applicants in the fields of arts only. (Relevant departments: Dance, Piano, Orchestral Instruments, Vocal Music, Composition, Visual & Media Design, Industrial Design, Environmental Design) ※ Please refer to page 16. ※ Download Form from the Admission website (http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr → Admission → Undergraduate) 3. Required Documents for Transfer Applicants (Mandatory) Mandatory Note Application Form Print and submit the application after completing the online registration ※ Overseas applicants who cannot access the online application system can apply offline by submitting the attached [Form 1] *Prior contact with the admissions officer is required. Release of Information Form Complete the Release of Information Form in Korean or English. Ensure all information about your final (or expected) graduating school is fully provided. [Form 2] High School Academic Documents ■ Certificate of Graduation (Proof of Education) - Applicants who have graduated from overseas high schools can choose one option from below: 1) All documents proving academic background must be confirmed through Apostille (see Apostille Member Countries) 2) Countries without the Apostille Agreement must obtain confirmation from the consul at the Korean Embassy located in the country of the graduated high school. ※ Please refer to page -- "Apostille and Embassy Legalization Information." ※ For graduates from schools in China, please refer to page 16. College/ University Academic Documents ■ Certificate of Enrollment (or Completion, Graduation, or Expected Graduation) and Academic Transcript (Proof of Education) - Students who have graduated or are expected to graduate from a high school overseas must submit the required authentication documents. If the high school is located in a country that is a member of the Apostille Convention, an Apostille certificate must be submitted. If the high school is located in a country that is not a member of the Apostille Convention, a consular authentication must be submitted. 1) All documents proving academic background must be confirmed through Apostille (see Apostille Member Countries) 2) Countries without the Apostille Agreement must obtain confirmation from the consul at the Korean Embassy located in the country of the graduated high school. ※ Please refer to page 14 "Apostille and Embassy Legalization Information." ※ For graduates from schools in China, please refer to page 15. - Notes on University Academic Transcripts: 1) Submit a transcript that includes grades for all semesters at the college/university, based on a 4.0, 4.3, 4.5, 5.0, or 100-point scale. 2) In case the transcript does not have information on the applicant's percentile score, an applicant must submit an additional official certificate issued by the high school, confirming that the applicant's academic achievement. 3) If an applicant holds a transcript that does not include information on grade point average or is unable to convert her grades into the GPA criteria mentioned above, then the applicant must submit official documents issued by the website WES(www.wes.org/) or Foreign credits(www.foreigncredits.com). 4) Students to be graduated must submit their academic transcript up to the previous semester. ※ After graduation, submit the graduation certificate and final academic transcript. ※ If the highest level of education is an associate degree or higher, submit documents from the most recent graduating university. Certificates of Citizenship of the Applicant and Parents & Official documents indicating family relationship between the Applicant and Parents ■ A copy of your passport and your parents' passports. ※ For applicants with Chinese nationality, please also submit copies of your and your parents' residence permits. ■ Birth certificate, family relationship certificate (or family relations certificate), or a copy of the resident registration that verifies the relationship between the applicant and their parents. ※ For applicants with Chinese nationality, a household registration may be requested if necessary. ※ The validity period for the birth certificate, family relationship certificate, or household registration(for Chinese nationals) is within 6 months from the issue date to the document submission deadline. Portfolio Required for applicants in the fields of arts only. (Relevant departments: Dance, Piano, Orchestral Instruments, Vocal Music, Composition, Visual & Media Design, Industrial Design, Environmental Design, Department of Painting) ※ Please refer to page 16. 4. Required Documents for Freshmen/Transfer Applicants (Optional) Optional Track Major Note Korean Language Proficiency Test Score Report Korean Track Division of Interdisciplinary Studies Division of Hallyu Studies Only applicants with language proficiency test scores are required to submit. All Other Departments a) Certification at a level of TOPIK(include IBT) 3 or higher b) Completion (or expect to complete) of courses in Sookmyung Global Language Institute level 3 or above. c) Certificate of Sookmyung Korean language proficiency test level 3 or above d) Completion (or expected completion) of Level 3 or higher at another university's language institute e) Completion of Sejong Institute Intermediate Level 1 f) Completion of Level 3 of the Ministry of Justice's Social Integration Program, or a score of 61 or higher on the preliminary assessment ※ In the case of submitting a certificate of completion of Sookmyung Global Language Institute level 3 or Sookmyung Korean Language Proficiency test level 3 or Completion (or expected completion) of Level 3 or higher at another university's language institute, you must submit an additional certificate TOPIK(include IBT) level 3 within a year after the admission acceptance. ※ The Korean Language Proficiency test certificate and Completion (or expected completion) of Level 3 or higher at another university's language institute are excluded from the scholarship eligibility review. English Language Proficiency Test Score Report English Track School of English -Tesl Department of Global Services -Global Cooperation Major -Entrepreneurship Major TOEFL iBT 3.5 , IE LTS 5.5, New TEPS 327 or higher, or a nationally recognized English proficiency test score equivalent to the required level (TOPIK scores are not required). Personal Statement Applicable only to applicants for the Division of Global Service (Global Cooper ation Major, Entrepreneurship Major). Submission of a personal statement in English (within one A4 page) is required. Copy of Residence card (Alien Registration Card) Only for applicants who are residing in Korea ※ Important Notes A. For all notarized documents, submit a translated and notarized copy in English or Korean. B. Submission of a personal statement or a letter of recommendation is optional. But, Applicants to the English Track must submit a personal statement in English. C. First and second-round applicants must submit financial documents after acceptance. If submitted in advance, they may be requested again later. D. When applying for or changing a visa after passing the exam, separate preparation of 'academic background', and 'financial support' documents may be requested by the visa center or immigration office. Financial verification documents are valid for 1 month from issuance. E. If visa issuance or changes are denied due to incomplete documents or negligence, the individual will b e responsible for any resulting disadvantages. ※ Apostille and Embassy Legalization Information 1. Authentication of graduation and academic transcripts from schools located overseas, except for China. Applicants must submit either an Apostille or consular verification for graduation (enrollment) a nd academic transcripts issued by overseas schools. A. Apostille Confirmation Obtain an 'Apostille confirmation' from a government agency designated by the country of the high school/college/university's location. Submit it along with your original high s chool/college/university graduation certificate and transcript. B. Confirmation by the Korean Consulate in the Country of Residence (Embassy Legalization) Obtain 'consular confirmation' from the Korean embassy in the country where the high school /college/university is located. Submit it along with your original high school/college/university graduation certificate and transcript. 2. Apostille Certification. A. Apostille confirmation Authority - Ministry of Foreign Affairs Apostille Office: +82-2-2100-7600 - Ministry of Justice Apostille Office: +82-2-720-8027 - Up-to-date data such as information of relevant agencies by country can be retrieved from the Apostille section of Hague International Court Conference on Private International Law website (www.hcch.net) B. Apostille Member countries (2025.3.30) Area Member Countries Asia, Oceania New Zealand, Niue, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Mongolia, Vanuatu, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brunei, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Oman, Australia, Uzbekistan, Israel, India, Indonesia, Japan, China (including Macao and Hong Kong), Cook Islands, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Tonga, Pakistan, Palau, Fiji, Philippines, Korea Europe Georgia, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, R ussia, Romania, Luxembourg, Lithuania, Liechtenstein, North Macedonia, Monaco, Montenegro, Moldova, Malta, Belgium, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Cyprus, San Marino, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Slovakia, Slovenia, Armenia, Iceland, Ire land, Azerbaijan, Andorra, Albania, Estonia, United Kingdom, Austria, Ukraine, Italy, Czech Republic, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Croatia, Türkiye, Portugal, Poland, France, Finland, Hungary. North America United States (including Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands [Saipan], Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Minor Outlying Islands), Canada Latin America Guyana, Guatemala, Grenada, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, Dominica, Mexico, Barbados, Bahamas, Venezuela, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Argentina, Antigua and Barbuda, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, Uruguay, Chile, Costa Rica, Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, Panama, Peru, Paraguay, Jamaica Africa Namibia, South Africa, Liberia, Lesotho, Malawi, Morocco, Botswana, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Seychelles, Eswatini, Cabo Verde, Burundi, Tunisia, Rwanda ※ Document Submission for Applicants who obtained their education or degree in China 1. Required Documents for Applicants who has academic background and degree acquisition in China Submit the original academic background/diploma certification report from the Chinese Ministry of Education's Academic Credentials Certification Center. 2. Required Documents Notes Document High school Transcript * For Freshman Applicants Submit an Apostille for the notarized English translation of the academic transcript. ※ If the educational institution can issue an original English transcript, translation is not required. *For the graduation certificate, refer to the instructions below. *Graduating students must submit a certificate of expected graduation, and after graduation, submit the graduation certificate (and final academic transcript). High School Graduation Certificate * For Freshman, Transfer Applicants Chinese General High School Submit the English version of the online verification certificate from the China Ministry of Education's Academic Credential Verification Center (学信网: www.chsi.com.cn). Ordinary Vocational School 普通中专 ① Online Publication: i) Graduation certificates issued by local education authorities: apostilled *Accepted only if authenticity can be confirmed online. ② Offline Issuance (Required to Submit 'School Information Confirmation Form Attachment 7'): i) Graduation certificates issued by local education authorities: apostilled ii) Graduation certificates issued by the school: Requires confirmation by the Provincial Office of Education (City Office of Education) and confirmation by the Korean Consulate in China. Vocational High School 职业高中 Technical Industrial School 技工学校 Documents must be verified through online inquiry on the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security official website. Additionally, they should be apostilled *Documents will only be accepted if their authenticity can be confirmed online Other high school credentials (e.g., international high schools) School-issued graduation certificate + Apostille ※ A copy of the establishment approval certificate (Business Unit Corporation Certificate [事业单位法人证书] or Private School Operating License [民办学校办学许可证]) must be submitted. * For Freshman, Transfer Applicants High school Certificate High School Graduation Certificate (refer to the above details) Graduate from a General University in China - University Academic Transcript : Submit the notarized English translation of the transcript + Apostille. - University Graduation and Degree Certificates: Submit a copy of the graduation and degree certificates, along with the English version of the online graduation verification certificate from the China Ministry of Education's Academic Credential Verification Center (学信网: www.chsi.com.cn). Graduate from a Chinese College A. Unverified submitted documents will not be accepted. B. Prepare in advance as it takes approximately 30 days to issue a certificate. 5 Application Fee 1. KRW 150,000 ※ Please note that refund of application Fee is unavailable Payment must be made through the Jinhaksa application system. Applications will not be accepted if the fee is transferred to the university's bank account. 6 Screening Process ※ The evaluation criteria for the admission process will not be disclosed. 1. Examination and Distribution of Marks Classification Interview Total *College of Science Department of Dance 100% (100 Points) 100% (100 Points) *College of Music Department of Piano, Vocal Music, Composition, Instruments *College of Fine Arts Department of Environmental Design, Industrial Design, Visual and Multimedia Design ※ Notes: Please arrive at the interview venue 30 minutes before the exact time. A. Please bring an Identification slip and ID Card. B. If you are unable to attend the interview due to being overseas, a phone interview (or video interview) may be conducted. 2. Document Review Classification Document Review Total All the majors except the ones above 100% (100 Points) 100% (100 Points) College of Fine Arts Department of Arts and Crafts, Painting 3. Practical Examinations College Division (Major) Practical Examination Subject Alternative practical examination for students applying out of Korea Science Dance Korean Dance (traditional , creative) Individual Work Attire - Traditional Top: Black V-neck sleeveless leotard with ties (No decorations, lace, or velvet allowed) Bottom: Black traditional skirt, pink tights covering the ankles Shoes: White pointe shoes or beoseon (traditional Korean socks) Attire - Creative Top: Black V-neck sleeveless leotard with ties (No decorations, lace, or velvet allowed) Bottom: Black full skirt (Montak material), pink tights covering the ankles Shoes: White pointe shoes must be worn (Beoseon not allowed) *Submit the USB of your performance recorded. (CD & video will not be accepted, no exception) *The interview will be processed by online Zoom or Skype. Ballet Individual Work Attire Top: Black V-neck sleeveless leotard with ties (No decorations, lace, or velvet allowed) Bottom: Pink tights covering the ankles Shoes: Pink pointe shoes Modern Dance Individual Work Attire Top: Black V-neck sleeveless leotard with ties (No decorations, lace, or velvet allowed) Bottom: Black footless tights Shoes: Barefoot Music Piano ①One fast movement of a sonata (required by piano solo works) ② A work from F. Chopin Etude (except for slow works) *Submit the USB of your performance recorded. (CD & video will not be accepted, no exception) *The interview will be processed by online Zoom or Skype. Instruments Free Piece (about 15 minutes) Vocal Music ① German Song (Free Choice) - Memorized in the original language ② Italian Song (Free Choice) - Memorized in the original language Compositi on Composing a 3-section form piano piece *Submit 2 pieces of composed scores (1 piece for piano, 1 of your choice) *Online Interview (including presentation of piano or other instruments Fine Arts Visual & Multimedi a Design Pencil Detailed Depiction (Quarto) *Portfolio assessment *The interview will be processed by online Zoom or Skype. Industrial Design Environme -ntal Design Department of Painting Pencil Detailed Depiction (Quarto) *Portfolio assessment *Document Screening Department of Arts & Crafts ※ The practical Examinations may be held for Arts applicants and will be included in the interview scores. 7 Admission Process ※ Admission Process Online Application http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr → Submission of Hard Copies of Completed Application Forms and other Required Documents (In person or by postal mail) → Interview → Notification of Admissions http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr → Tuition Payment → Issuing of Admission Certificate → Visa Application and Arrival to Korea → Orientation for new International Students, Course Enrollment → Class begins Students who have TOPIK level 3 or higher → Class begins Students who do not have TOPIK level 3 or higher → Take a leave of absence until an acceptable score is obtained → Class begins ※ Successful applicants with conditional admission must pay the tuition fee to complete their enrollment and then apply for a leave of absence. The paid tuition fee is fully refundable after the semester begins. 8 Application Guidelines 1. Admission applications can be submitted online or in -person. After completing the online application, please print the application form and submit it along with the original copies of the required documents. 2. The submitted documents must arrive at the Office of International Affairs of our university by the document submission deadline. 3. When completing the application form, please provide the following information in Korean/English: A. Applicant's GPA calculated out of 100 from the department/school applied to. B. Nationality/Date of Birth/Alien Registration Number. C. Country of origin/Name of school/Department of origin/Date of graduation. D. Applicant's address/home phone/mobile phone. E. Applicant's parents' nationality/telephone number/address. F. Applicant email address/Skype ID. G. Applicant's Korean language proficiency level/English test score." 4. When applying online, applicants should upload a recent photo - Taken within the last 3 months, featuring the upper body against a solid color background, without a hat, and formatted as a half-color proof card (3 x 4 cm) in JPG format. - Ensure the photo has adequate resolution as significantly lower-resolution files should be avoided. - The uploaded photo will be used for identity verification, issuance of a student ID upon passing the exam, and academic record registration. 5. Enter valid contact information on the application form to ensure accessibility during the screening period. The school is not liable for any communication loss or resulting disadvantages." 6. If any submitted documents are found to be forged or falsified, if any information provided is determined to be false, if the applicant is deemed ineligible, or if the applicant is admitted through dishonest means, the admission may be revoked even after enrollment. Additionally, if a visa is denied or not issued within 30 days after the start of the semester, admission and enrollment may also be canceled. 7. Application documents and fees are non-refundable once submitted. 8. For applicants undergoing an interview, please bring your admission ticket and a valid ID (passport or alien registration card) for identity verification. 9. For applicants undergoing an interview, p lease arrive at the testing room at least 30 minutes prior to the test start time." 10. Prohibited items during tests include wireless communication devices (e.g., mobile phones) and audio devices (e.g., CD/MP3 players) that could disrupt the test. 11. Registered students may undergo physical examinations. If an individual's health or physical condition is found to impact academic performance or other students' studies, the university may take necessary actions, such as granting a leave of absence, post-admission. 12. Any unspecified matters will be determined by the university. In case of discrepancies in meaning between translations and the Korean admission guidelines, the Korean guidelines take precedence. ◈ Admission inquiries and document submission location ○ Location 100, Cheongpa-ro 47 gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul. 04310, Korea Centennial Hall #106 : Undergraduate (9813) ○ Tel. +82-2-710-9813 ○ E-mail. admission@sm.ac.kr ○ Website http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr 9 International Students Scholarship 1. Entrance Scholarships (1st Semester) Language Course Type of Language Test Scholarship Korean Course TOPIK(iBT) Level 6 90% Tuition Waiver TOPIK(iBT) Level 5 Sookmyung Global Language Institute Level 6 70% Tuition Waiver TOPIK(iBT) Level 4(*) Sookmyung Global Language Institute Level 5 60% Tuition Waiver TOPIK(iBT) Level 3(**) Sookmyung Global Language Institute Level 4 40% Tuition Waiver Applicants without TOPIK(iBT) score - Applicants from departments other than arts 30% Tuition Waiver Applicants without TOPIK(iBT) score - Applicants from the arts departments 20% Tuition Waiver English Course IELTS 8.0 or higher, TOEFL iBT 6 or higher, NEW TEPS 498 or higher 70% Tuition Waiver IELTS 6.5~7.5, TOEFL iBT 4.5~5.5, NEW TEPS 398~497 40% Tuition Waiver IELTS 5.5~6.0, TOEFL iBT 3.5~4, NEW TEPS 327~397, Students from English-speaking countries 30% Tuition Waiver Common scholarships Recommendations from partner institutions An additional 10% tuition reduction (choose one) Recommendations from our university's language institute *Includes those who have completed Sejong Insti tute Intermediate 2 or higher, completed the Ministry of Justice's Social Integration Program Level 4, or achieved a score of 81 or higher in the pre assessment. ** Includes those who have completed Sejong Institute Intermediate 1, completed the Ministry of Justice's Social Integration Program Level 3, or achieved a score of 61 or higher in the pre -assessment ※ Online courses from Sejong Institute are not recognized. ※ The scholarship criteria and amount may change in accordance with Sookmyung Women's University's scholarship policies. (1) No need to apply for the 1st Semester Scholarship. (2) The Scholarship result will be announced on the website(http://e.sookmyung.ac.kr) with the result announcement. (3) Amount of entrance fee and tuition will be given according to the standard of applying semester and major. (4) The number of Scholarship students will be determined by the Scholarship Committee. (5) Accommodation fee and airfare, etc. could be additionally supported through the evaluation. (6) For applicants to the English program from countries where English is the native or official language, their language proficiency will be evaluated based on separate criteria set by the university. 2. Scholarship while in School (2nd Semester-8th Semester) A. The scholarship will be provided in accordance with the university's scholarship criteria for enrolled international students. B. According to the International Students Admission regulations, the scholarship could be changed. C. Scholarship payment regulations while attending school. - One must be taking more than 12 credits excluding Pass/Fall courses. - Only given to regular semester (Receiving semester basis: 8 semesters) Language Course Scholarship coverage Korean Track TOPIK /TOPIK iBT GPA(4.3 Conversion) 4.0 or higher 3.5 or higher 3.0 or higher level 6 100% Tuition Waiver 50% Tuition Waiver 30% Tuition Waiver Level 5 70% Tuition Waiver level 4(*) level 3 (**) 40% Tuition Waiver 30% Tuition Waiver 20% Tuition Waiver Applicants without TOPIK(iBT) score 10% Tuition Waiver English Track GPA 4.3 or higher 4.0 or higher 3.5 or higher 3.0 or higher 100% Tuition Waiver 60%Tuition Waiver 50% Tuition Waiver 30% Tuition Waiver 4. TOPIK Scholarship A. Scholarship Details: A scholarship of 300,000 KRW will be awarded if the applicant achieves a TOPIK level 4 or higher within one year of enrollment (only awarded once during their studies). B. Eligibility: Undergraduate students admitted through the Foreign Student Special Admission for thos e with both parents being foreign nationals. C. Specific Details: a. The scholarship is awarded to students who are registered in the regular semester (8 semesters for undergraduate) b. The scholarship is awarded at the end of each semester (July for the first semester, January for the second semester) c. The scholarship will not be awarded to students on leave of absence or those who have withdrawn. d. Only students enrolled in National Health Insurance or private health insurance are eligible for the sch olarship. 10 Sookmyung Korean Proficiency Test 1. Application Period It will be noticed on the Sookmyung Global language institute (Lingua Express) website. (http://lingua.sookmyung.ac.kr) 2. Application Method - Apply followed by the noticed uploaded on Sookmyung English ver. website. - Contact: Lingua Express -> +82-2-710-9164~9165, linguaexpress@sookmyung.ac.kr 3. Application fee: 50,000 KRW ※ Notes - Passport or Identification card will be checked on the day, you cannot apply if you do not have any IDs. - Any cheating on the test is prohibited, and the acceptance is canceled when caught. - Acceptance will be canceled when the act of forgery of the acceptance certificate was detected. - Reissuance is not possible in the event of loss of the pass. 🡺 In the case of submitting a certificate of completion of Sookmyung Global language institute level 3 or Sookmyung Korean Language Proficiency test level 3, you must submit additional certificate TOPIK level 3 within a year after the admission acceptance. If you only submit Korean Language Course level 3, you will be excluded from Scholarship review. 11 Dormitory 1. INTERNATIONAL DORMITORY A. Eligibility: Accepted students who have been accepted as international students whose parents are both non-Korean Citizens. B. Online application period: It will be informed on the Sookmyung website with the admission result. C. Room & Rates (per semester): The room rate varies according to the type of dormitory (single, double, triple room); during vacation dormitory registration and payment takes place separately. D. Contact: +82-2-6325-3100 / inthouse@sookmyung.ac.kr / http://dorm.sookmyung.ac.kr/ Please note that if the number of applicants exceeds the available dormitory space, students will need to find outside accommodation by themselves. Document Self-Check List Classification Required Submission Document Applicants Notarized Document Apostille Note New Student Transfer Student Common submission Document Self-Check List - Application Form - - Print the application form and sign it. Consent to Release of Information - Provide all information, including enrollment period, contact person, and contact details, accurately Academic High School Graduation Certificate Submit the original documents with Apostille or consular verification High School Transcript Submit a document showing the GPA for all years, based on a 4.0, 4.3, 4.5, 5.0, or 100-point scale. University enrollment (completion, graduation) certificate - Submit the original documents with Apostille or consular verification University Transcript Submit a document showing the GPA for all years, based on a 4.0, 4.3, 4.5, 5.0, or 100-point scale. Family Identification Certificate ID card/ Passport, etc. Alien Registration Card or ID Card Submit only if applicable. Certificate of Family Relations Copy of Family Register, Birth Certificate, etc. Other Family-Related Certificate Submit only if applicable, such as in cases of parental divorce, death, disappearance, or loss of Korean nationality. Language Certified Language Certificate Submit only if applicable. Korean track: TOPIK(include IBT) English track: TOEFL, IELTS, New TEPS, etc. Submit the Original Document Sookmyung Global Language Institute Certificate Submit the Original Document Sookmyung Korean Language Test Certificate Submit the Original Document Other Personal Statement Submit only if applicable. Applicants to the Division of Global Service are required to submit a personal statement in English (within one A4 page). Practical Work Follow the recruitment guidelines for preparation Other Supporting Documents A free-form format [서식 1]입학지원서 양식: 온라인 접수가 불가능한 지원자만 작성하여 제출함. 인터넷 접수자는 출력하여 제출 Sookmyung Women's University/숙명여자대학교 Undergraduate Admission for International Students/학부입학 외국인전형 Examinees' No. 수험번호 ※ Do not fill in ※ 작성하지 마시오. Admission year 입학년도 Term 학기 Spring/봄학기 ( ) Fall/가을학기 ( ) Admission type 전형유형 Freshman/신입학( ) Transfer/편입학 ( ) College 대학 Academic Category Foreigners whose parents are both foreigners Division 전공 GPA(percentage) 평점평균 /100 Applicant's Name 지원자이름 Kor 한글 (Photo ,3cm×4cm) (칼라사진3cm×4cm) Eng 영어 Birthday or Alien Registration No. 생년월일 또는 외국인등록증번호 Y Y M M D D / Name of High school 고등학교 이름 Location (nation) of High School 고등학교 소재국 Name of University 대학교 이름 Location (nation) of University 대학교 소재국 Duration of high school 고등학교 입학일~졸업일 DD/MM/YYYY~ DD/MM/YYYY TOPIK Level 한국어능력시험급수 Duration of University 대학교 입학일~졸업일 DD/MM/YYYY~ DD/MM/YYYY English Test Score 영어시험점수 Nationality 국적 Applicant 지원자 Father 아버지 Mother 어머니 연 락 처 Applicant 지원자 Phone Number/전화 Mobile phone/휴대전화 SkypeID Address 주소 Zip Code/우편번호 Email Family 가족 Phone Number/전화 Mobile phone/휴대전화 Name 이름 Relationship 지원자와의 관계 Address 주소 Zip Code/우편번호 I certify that the information given in this application is complete and accurate. 본인은 상기 기재내용이 사실과 다르지 않음을 서약함. DD/MM/YYYY (Date/작성일) Applicant/지원자 (Signature/서명) [서식 2]학력조회동의서 양식 ※ 한국어 혹은 영어로 작성하며 반드시 자필서명 함. Please fill the form in Korean or English, do not forget sign it. 학력조회동의서 Release of Information Form 이 양식에 서명함에 따라 본인이 이수한 학력/학위과정에 대하여 진위를 조회할 수 있도록 숙명여자대학교에 권한을 부여하며 학력조회에 동의함. By signing this form, I am giving my agreement and hereby authorize Sookmyung Women's University to verify my degree/enrollment records. Applicant Information 지원자 정보 School Name 학교명 Name of Applicant 지원자성명 (Family Name, 성) , (Given Name, 이름) Academic Background 학력 / 취득학위 □ 고등학교 졸업 High School Graduate □ 학사 Bachelor □ 석사 Master Major Course of Study 학과/전공 Student ID Number 학번 Date of birth 생년월일 년 (YYYY) / 월(/MM) / 일/(DD) Date of admission(transfer from another school) 입학일자 년 (YYYY) / 월(/MM) / 일/(DD) Date of graduation (transfer to another school) 졸업일자 년 (YYYY) / 월(/MM) / 일/(DD) Signature of Subject, Date 지원자 서명 및 작성일자 지원자 서명(Signature of Subject) Date 작성일자 년 (YYYY) / 월(/MM) / 일/(DD) Office in Charge You Graduated Name of office /Person In Charge(Teacher): Information (Applicant who graduated School in Korea, do not need to fill in.) Phone : : 학력조회 담당부서명 및 연락처, 이메일 Email : (국내학교 졸업자의 경우 기재하지 않음) 귀하가 제공한 개인정보는 학력조회 의뢰의 용도로만 사용되며 엄중히 관리됩니다. The information you provide will be kept in strict confidence and will be used only for the purpose of degree (enrollment) verification. Thank you for your assista 1 [서식 3]학교정보확인서(중국 학교) 학교정보확인서学校信息确认书 유학생 인적사항 留 学 生 个 人 信 息 성명 姓 名 생년월일 出 生 日 期 국적 国 籍 여권번호 护 照 号 码 진 학 예 정 대 학 申请科系名称 전공명 专 业 名 称 전화번호 联 系 电 话 e-mail 电 子 邮 箱 학교정보 学 校 信 息 졸 업 학 교 명 ( 졸업일 ) 毕业学校名称 （毕业日期） ( 졸업일 毕 业 日 期: . . .) 학교유형 学 校 类 型 보 통 중 등 전 문 학 교普通中专( ) 성 인 중 등 전 문 학 교成人中专( ) 직업고등학교 职业高中( ) 기타其他( ) 교육과정 教 育 种 类 고 등 학 교 학 력 과 정高 中 阶 段 学 历 教 育( ) 고 등 학 교 비 학 력 과 정高 中 阶 段 非 学 历 教 育( ) ※ 비학력 과정의경우유 학비자발급불 가非学历教育 学生不能获得韩 国留学签证 소재지 学 校 地 址 전화번호 学 校 电 话 홈페이지 学 校 官 网 교직원 연락정보 教 职 工 联 系 信 息 소속및직위 所属部门及职位 성명 姓 名 ( 인 또 는 서 명) （ 盖 章 或 签 名 ） 전화번호 联 系 电 话 본인은상기학교정보등기재내용이사실과다름없음을서약하며 , 허위사실기재 시대 한 민 국 법 령 에 따 라 처 벌 받 을 수 있 음 을 확 인 합 니 다. 本 人 保 证 ， 以 上 所 填 写 的 学 校 信 息 等 内 容 均 属 实 。 本 人 理解 ， 以 上 信 息 如 有 虚 假 ， 可 能 会 受 到 韩 国 相 关 法 律 法 规 的 处 罚 。特 此 确 认 。 20 . . . 유 학 생 본 인留 学 生 本 人( 서명 签名 ) * 2부작성후교육기관및재외공관에각각제출本确认书需要一式两份。一份交拟入学大学，一份交韩国驻外使领馆。 2