이전 다음 No content Do not display again today close 본문 바로가기 주메뉴 바로가기 nDRIMS Dream PATH groupware portal webmail sitemap 인스타그램 바로가기 페이스북 바로가기 네이버 블로그 바로가기 유튜브 바로가기 POPUP LOGIN About DU Academics Research Admission International Giving to DU News SEARCH DONGGUK UNIVERSITY Popular topics # Academic Calendar # Scholarship # library # Tuition # Certificate # Course registration # Dormitory # Graduate # Departments & Programs 홈 인쇄 공유 페이스북 공유하기 트위터 공유하기 Admissions Eligibility Admissions Eligibility Categories Contents General Requirement Nationality (a or b) a. International students whose parents are non-Korean citizens including him/herself - Applicants and both their parents must have non-Korean nationality b. International students who have received whole education before applying degree course from overseas schools - International students who have completed entire 16 years primary, secondary, and university education outside of Korea (plus graduate education for Ph. D course applicants) - Foreign nationality of both parents is not required Language Requirements (One of a~e) a. Applicants who acquired Korean language proficiency test (TOPIK) level 3 or higher - Only acceptable if the expiration date is within 2 years before the deadline for online application b. Applicants who acquired official English language proficiency test score - Scores over iBT 71, IELTS 5.5, New TEPS 327 - Only acceptable if the expiration date is within 2 years before the deadline for online application c. Applicants from English-speaking countries - Applicants who holds the nationality of a country where English is an official language and have completed their secondary education(high school) or university education from that country. (Applicants must submit certificates of high school or university graduation instead of language proficiency score) d. Those who are (expected to) attain a BC,MA,DC degree from domestic(korea) university e. Department or majors where Language proficiecy test scores are not required : Humanities · Social Science(some departments), Nature Science(some departments), Engineering(some departments), Medicine(All departments) Degrees offered Master's Program a. BA degree holders or those who are expected to attain a BA degree from domestic/overseas university by August 31th, 2022 b. Those who are considered to have equivalent education according to the related regulation c. Students can apply for a major that is different from their undergraduate major d. Students pursuing a major that is different from their previous major must earn certain credits from undergraduate prerequisite courses after admission Ph. D Program a. MA degree holders or those who are expected to attain a MA degree from domestic/overseas university by August 31th, 2022 b. Those who are considered to have equivalent education according to the related regulation c. Students can apply for a major that is different from their undergraduate and graduate study. d. Students pursuing a major that is different from their previous major or from night/special school must earn certain credits from master's prerequisite courses Master's - Ph. D Integrated Program a. BA degree holders or those who are expected to attain a BA degree by August 31th, 2022 from domestic/overseas university b. Those who are considered to have equivalent education according to the related regulation c. Students pursuing a major that is different from their undergraduate major are required to earn certain credits from undergraduate prerequisite courses d. Those who wish to start the integrated program from the 3rd semester must be enrolled in the master's program of the same major and must completed more than 2 semesters of the Master's program at Dongguk University. Each department has different application requirements e. The admission criteria for the Master's-Ph.D integrated program follows Ph. D admission criteria Others Korean Medicine Graduates of Korean Medicine / Medicine major only. Exception : Students who are able to engage in a full-time basic research and experimentation may apply regardless of their previous major with a recommendation from one of the head professors of Korean Medicine / Medicine department, Dongguk. Univeristy Transfer No transfer admission for international students TOP Seoul Campus 30, Pildong-ro 1-gil, Jung-gu, Seoul, 04620, Republic of Korea Tel. +82-2-2260-3314 Fax. +82-2-2260-2277 E-mail incoming@dongguk.edu Exchange Program scf@dongguk.edu International Students Services adm@dongguk.edu International admission cscenter@dongguk.edu Certificate Issuance, Education Verification kic@dongguk.edu Korean Language Course Copyright(c) DONGGUK UNIVERSITY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DONGGUK UNIVERSITY SITE MAP