Toggle navigation SZTE , Neptun , CooSpace , Modulo , Coursera for SZTE , Contact . 2026. September 28., Monday Default color scheme HU University of Szeged Keyword:: Toggle navigation Campus tour About us Rector's Welcome Mission Facts and Figures Organisation Service Units International relations EUGLOH Brochures Education Faculties International Programmes Academic Calendar Coursera for SZTE Talent Management Rules and Regulations Research Doctoral Schools Research & Development Innovation Directorate for Innovation Research Groups of the University of Szeged Supported by the Academy of Sciences Interdisciplinary Centre of Excellence MTA-SZTE Momentum Research Groups HCEMM EUGLOHRIA Admissions Find a Course Tuition & Fees Scholarships Prospective students FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions News Highlights Archive Prospective Students , Freshmen , Students , Alumni . Prospective Students . Freshmen . Students . Alumni : . Prospective Students How to apply The process of Application at the University of Szeged happens via an online application platform called the DreamApply . Learn about the DreamApply Application Platform here. Application Step by Step 1. Choose your programme and read the programme description on our website. Each descriptions includes a direct link to the online application platform. 2. Click on Apply Now button in the programme description and sign up for the online application platform. 3. Fill in the online application form, upload the necessary documents and make sure to pay the application fee. 4. Check your mailbox regularly. The system will remind you to complete the tasks. What happens after? 5. An entrance exam will take place after your application has been submitted and your documents have been reviewed. 6. Pay the entrance exam fee, if applicable, and do your best at the exam. 7. If you are accepted, you will receive our Admission Letter through the system including the tuition fee. 8. Once the tuition fee is credited, your place is reserved at SZTE. 9. In case you need a visa, make sure to arrange an appointment at the Hungarian Consulate or Embassy and present your Admission Letter and the proof of payment of the tuition fee (in most of the cases of SZTE programmes you are asked to pay the first two semesters (one year). Have questions? Contact us at international@rekt.szte.hu or the person indicated in the description for further information about the programme. Admission Requirements The application process varies by Faculty, however, there are certain elements of it which apply to each applicant. General Requirements Submit in an online application form, paying application and/or entrance exam fees, uploading documents presenting applicants academic background and the required language proficiency and a general health certificate. In addition to SZTE requirement, some Faculties may ask for the specific Faculty-based requirements: a motivational letter, entrance examination or individual online interview. Exemption from English language exam certificate During the application to the programmes of the Faculty of Science and Informatics those applicants are not required to provide the English language exam certificates who are natives of one of the following countries and can officially demonstrate that their academic studies have been conducted in English. For the list of countries click here. Full-time Study Programmes for International Students at the University of Szeged Bachelor's Programmes Master's Programmes Undivided Programmes Doctoral Programmes Quick Links: Tuition & Fees Scholarships Contact Us FAQ SZTE Experience Ahmad Adha - Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences I am Ahmad Adha from Indonesia and currently a 3rd year student in Theoretical Linguistics PhD program. I chose the University of Szeged (SZTE) as my study destination because it is located in the center of the town and it is also the highest ranked university in Hungary. The university staff and the professors were very accommodating and understanding when I decided to change the program that suits my research topic. I am so glad that I can be a part of my current department, and of course SZTE, since it is also the Center of Pragmatic Research which aims to promote advanced linguistic pragmatic research with international collaborations. After graduating, I wish to continue to work in my academic field as a professor and a researcher. My advice for prospective SZTE students is to choose a university with a good academic reputation that fits their passion. Ferdous Rahman - Faculty of Law and Political Sciences My name is Ferdous Rahman and I am from Bangladesh. I am pursuing doctoral studies at the Department of Private International Law at the Faculty of Law and Political Science under the Stipendium Hungaricum Programme. Currently I am in the first year of my four-year PhD programme. I came to know about SZTE while exploring for the Stipendium Hungaricum programme. Among the other available options, this was my first choice. Apart from its excellent ranking, I got my supervisor with similar research interest. The increasing number of international students gave me a comfort of having a cosmopolitan environment. After starting my studies here in September 2019, I am convinced that I could not expect more. For prospective students, I would advise that SZTE can be their next home as I got mine. Everyone here including the professors, the administrators, and the students are very friendly and helpful. They make studies a joyous journey instead of pile of classes and books. After my graduation, I will return to my home country. The knowledge and the experience that I have been receiving here will be a great resource for my academic career. I intend to continue my research further and expect to contribute to policy formulation at national and international level." More... Follow us University of Szeged, Hungary H-6720 Szeged, Dugonics square 13. Phone: (+36-62) 544-000 Fax: (+36-62) 546-371 Privacy Policy , Imprint . (C) 2010 University of Szeged. All rights reserved.