Toggle navigation SZTE , Neptun , CooSpace , Modulo , Coursera for SZTE , Contact . 2026. September 28., Monday Default color scheme HU University of Szeged Keyword:: Toggle navigation Campus tour About us Rector's Welcome Mission Facts and Figures Organisation Service Units International relations EUGLOH Brochures Education Faculties International Programmes Academic Calendar Coursera for SZTE Talent Management Rules and Regulations Research Doctoral Schools Research & Development Innovation Directorate for Innovation Research Groups of the University of Szeged Supported by the Academy of Sciences Interdisciplinary Centre of Excellence MTA-SZTE Momentum Research Groups HCEMM EUGLOHRIA Admissions Find a Course Tuition & Fees Scholarships Prospective students FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions News Highlights Archive Prospective Students , Freshmen , Students , Alumni . Faculties . International Programmes . Academic Calendar . Coursera for SZTE . Talent Management . Rules and Regulations . . Education Scholarship Opportunities for International Students Financial matters play a big role in one's decisions and the choice of educational institutions for further Higher Education studies. The University of Szeged offers a range of different scholarship programmes for international students to help cover tuition fees or living costs. SZTE scholarships SZTE Start Scholarship Governmental scholarship opportunities Stipendium Hungaricum Hungarian DIASPORA Scholarship National Higher Education Scholarship EU scholarship opportunities Erasmus+ Ceepus Visegrad Fund SZTE Experience Hamza Baniata - Faculty of Science and Informatics I am Hamza Baniata, a first-year student at the Doctoral School of Computer Science, and I am From Jordan. SZTE is continuously supporting research and it has an internationally recognized, highly ranked group of professors. It also offers courses and research topics that are strongly related to my research field; Cloud Computing, Fog Computing and Internet of Things. All of this motivated me to apply to the University/Department of Software Engineering. Szeged is a calm city, full of love and peace. The University of Szeged is similar to the city, which provides the perfect environment for creation and development. Studying at the university requires a high level of effort, commitment and seriousness. Applying to the university and having these characteristics are my two pieces of advice to prospective students. It is very early to define my future now, but I am planning to apply to a research position in my field after graduation and if I had the opportunity, I would love to contribute my effort and knowledge in advancing such a wonderful and respected university. Ferdous Rahman - Faculty of Law and Political Sciences My name is Ferdous Rahman and I am from Bangladesh. I am pursuing doctoral studies at the Department of Private International Law at the Faculty of Law and Political Science under the Stipendium Hungaricum Programme. Currently I am in the first year of my four-year PhD programme. I came to know about SZTE while exploring for the Stipendium Hungaricum programme. Among the other available options, this was my first choice. Apart from its excellent ranking, I got my supervisor with similar research interest. The increasing number of international students gave me a comfort of having a cosmopolitan environment. After starting my studies here in September 2019, I am convinced that I could not expect more. For prospective students, I would advise that SZTE can be their next home as I got mine. Everyone here including the professors, the administrators, and the students are very friendly and helpful. They make studies a joyous journey instead of pile of classes and books. After my graduation, I will return to my home country. The knowledge and the experience that I have been receiving here will be a great resource for my academic career. I intend to continue my research further and expect to contribute to policy formulation at national and international level." More... Follow us University of Szeged, Hungary H-6720 Szeged, Dugonics square 13. Phone: (+36-62) 544-000 Fax: (+36-62) 546-371 Privacy Policy , Imprint . (C) 2010 University of Szeged. All rights reserved.