University Duisburg-Essen Bewerbung, Zulassung, Einschreibung Sachgebiet Einschreibungswesen Search EN Deutsch Studying at the UDE Navigation Application & Enrolment After Admission Contact Admission and enrolment of applicants from NON-EU countries 1. Application Read more 2. After your admission Read more 3. Enrolment Read more 1. Application Application Periods Winter semester For courses with admission restrictions (NC): 01 May - 15 June For courses without admission restrictions: 01 May - 31 July Summer semester For courses with admission restrictions (NC): 01 November - 15 December For courses without admission restrictions: 01 November - 31 January (Master Development and Governance : 01 March - 31 March) Bachelor's Programs via uni-assist Applications for bachelor's programs (including Medicine ) are to be submitted through the uni-assist application portal . Go to uni-assist Master's Programs via uni-assist The first step in applying for the following master's programs is to submit your application through the uni-assist application portal : Betriebswirtschaftslehre Betriebswirtschaftslehre (technische Linien) Betriebswirtschaftslehre - Energy and Finance (NC) Computer Engineering, ISE Cyber Physical Systems Gesundheitsökonomik Informatik Märkte und Unternehmen Medizinmanagement für Mediziner (NC) Medizinmanagement für Wirtschaftswissenschaftler (NC) Menschzentrierte Informatik und Psychologie Psychologie - Arbeit, Gesundheit und Bildung (NC) Psychologie - Klinische Psychologie und Psychoth. (NC) Software Engineering Volkswirtschaftslehre Wirtschaftsinformatik Go to uni-assist Master's Programs via UDE Application Portal For all other master's programs applications are submitted through the UDE's application portal Go to UDE's application portal Admission requirements University entrance qualification (HZB) To study in Germany, you need a university entrance qualification (HZB). This means that your school or academic certificates must be recognized for admission to a German university. The University of Duisburg-Essen checks whether your HZB and other admission requirements are met. If your qualification is equivalent to the German Abitur, you have direct access to higher education. If not, you may need to attend a Studienkolleg. The University of Duisburg-Essen does not offer a Studienkolleg. You can find information about locations and admission requirements on the website "Studienkollegs in Germany." Language proficiency The medium of instruction at the University of Duisburg-Essen is German (except in the courses that are taught in English ). Therefore, you must have good German language skills in order to study successfully. Most applicants from foreign countries must provide proof of German language proficiency at DSH 2 level before beginning a course of study (apart from a few course-specific exceptions). Please provide one of the following documents as proof of your German proficiency: Deutsche Sprachprüfung für den Hochschulzugang (DSH, German language examination for university admission) with an overall grade of DSH-2 or higher (completed at a German university) Deutsches Sprachdiplom (German Language Diploma) (Stage II) from the German Standing Conference of the Ministers of Education and Cultural Affairs (DSD II) telc C1 Hochschule certificate with an overall grade of ausreichend (sufficient) or higher TestDaF at the TDN-4 level or higher in ALL its parts certificate from the Goethe-Institut of having passed the Zentrale Oberstufenprüfung (ZOP, Central Advanced Level Examination) Kleines Deutsches Sprachdiplom (KDS, Minor German Language Certificate) and/or Großes Deutsches Sprachdiplom (GDS, Major German Language Diploma) successful completion of the Feststellungsprüfung assessment test at the Studienkolleg degree in German studies completed in the EU or a CIS country (the DSH Board may include additional countries) Note: Please be aware that you CANNOT apply for preparatory German language courses if you would like to enrol for a course with admission restrictions (NC/Orts-NC). More information about the DSH examination is available on the DSH Board's webpages . Please note that a DSH-3 requirement currently applies for the following programmes: Medicine (state examination) DSH3 Business Administration in Duisburg (M.Sc.) DSH3 German as a Second or Foreign Language (dual-subject M.A.) DSH3 Are additional language skills required? Many courses require proof of proficiency in additional languages. For information about the language requirements in each study course, please see the descriptions in the Study Courses section of the Student Advisory and Career Service Centre (ABZ) webpages. Note: You cannot apply for the ISE courses at the University of Duisburg-Essen unless you have English language skills . You are expected to have English proficiency corresponding to CEFR level B1 (for bachelor's programmes) B2 (for master's programmes) which you acquired in your home country. Please provide proof in the form of a certificate (TOEFL, IELTS, Medium of Instruction). Can I apply if I do not have the required proficiency level in German? Yes, it is possible to apply for an Bachelor's or Master's degree programme without admission restrictions, within the application periods in our application portals without sufficient knowledge of German. Once your eligibility for university admission - and, in the case of master's courses, your subject-specific aptitude - has been established, you will receive a letter of admission for a language course. Note : Please be aware that you CANNOT apply for preparatory German language courses if you would like to enrol for a course with admission restrictions (NC/Orts-NC) . German language courses for study preparation The University of Duisburg-Essen does not offer its own German language courses for study preparation. You are responsible for choosing a private language school, all of which are subject to a fee and for which application is necessary. Please attend an intensive German language course with at least 18 hours of instruction per week. The German course is not part of the degree program. During this time, you will focus exclusively on learning German and preparing for the language examination. Participation in lectures or examinations of the later degree program is not yet possible . During the German course, you may enroll at the University of Duisburg-Essen as a German course student. You will receive a student ID, a semester ticket, and access to university facilities such as the cafeteria, library, and IT services. 2. After your Admission Visa Once you have your notice of admission ( Zulassungsbescheid ), you can apply at the German embassy in your country for a visa for study purposes or for purposes of taking a German language course. In many cases, the embassy/consulate requires a reservation confirmation from a course provider in Germany when you apply for a visa for a German language course. Important : Do not enter Germany on a tourist visa. A tourist visa expires after three months and cannot be extended or changed to a student visa. Visa requirements: DAAD German Federal Foreign Office Costs The University of Duisburg-Essen does not charge tuition fees. However, all students must pay the student services and student body fees each semester. Information about living expenses in Germany can be found on the DAAD webpages . External scolarships Some scholarships can only be applied for in your home country! If you are already studying in Germany, it is usually no longer possible to apply for such scholarships. Please apply for funding while you are still in your home country. DAAD scholarship database for studying in Germany Overview: Funding opportunities FAQs on scholarships Index of German foundations Scholarships of the Fulbright Commission (for US citizens only) Support for international students under the BAföG grant programme Scolarships from the University Duisburg-Essen Individual scholarships awarded by the state of North Rhine-Westphalia to highly talented students from emerging and developing countries (see News ) Graduation grants from the International Office (applications accepted each year in spring only, see News ) Duisburg-Essener Universitäts-Stiftung (DEUS) foundation UDE scholarships In individual cases of social hardship , Catholic Student Community ( Katholische Studentengemeinde , KOM) and the social advisory service ( Sozialberatung ) of the Studierendenwerk may be able to provide assistance: Catholic Student Community KOM - CampusSegen Social advisory service of the Studentenwerk Sozialberatung Duisburg-Essen Social advisory service of the General Students' Committee (AStA) AStA Duisburg You are also welcome to come to the International Office during office hours for an initial consultation. You can make an appointment here . The enrolment key ( Einschreibeschlüssel ) is SoSe2021 . Prizes for final thesis Duisburg-Essener Universitäts-Stiftung (see menu item Ausschreibungen (calls for applications)) Working during your studies If you want to get a job while studying, some regulations apply. Please find further information here. DAAD website . Here you will find the information flyer "Job regulations for international students in Germany" from the Deutsches Studierendenwerk. Health Insurance All students in Germany must have health insurance. You cannot enrol as a student without proof of valid health insurance. Germany has both statutory and private health insurance schemes. Do you want to continue being insured privately during your studies? Are you covered by your family insurance? Are you over 30 years of age? Degree studies - Statutory health insurance In order to enrol in your selected course of study, you must request a digital notification of your insurance status ('M10 notification') from your statutory health insurance provider. Enrolment is only possible when the University has received a notification regarding your insurance status from a statutory health insurance provider! For this notification to be sent digitally, the health insurance provider needs to be given the University of Duisburg-Essen's reference number (Absender-Nr.), which is H0000277. Do you want to continue being insured privately during your studies? Are you covered by your family insurance? Are you over 30 years of age? In all of these cases, an M10 notification that shows you are not subject to mandatory insurance from a statutory health insurance provider is necessary. Please contact a statutory health insurance provider of your choice and get information about the legal consequences of an exemption from the statutory health insurance obligation. The health insurance provider will then send the digital notification to the University. There is no obligation to be insured by a statutory health insurance provider for: those wishing to enrol in a German course doctoral candidates who wish to enrol to pursue their doctoral studies only If you fall into one of these categories, proof of private health insurance is sufficient for enrolment and you do not need to prove your insurance status via a statutory health insurance provider. Language course: Private health insurance Students enrolled in a German language course are not subject to compulsory health insurance within the meaning of the German Social Code ( Sozialgesetzbuch ), which means that they are not eligible for statutory health insurance. Therefore, they must have private health insurance. Accommodation Student residence halls The University of Duisburg-Essen itself does not offer rooms in student residence halls. Please contact the Studierendenwerk, which is responsible for the student residences . You can only apply for a place in a student residence once you have received your notice of admission ( Zulassungsbescheid ). The Studierendenwerk also requires proof of admission if you would like to enrol in a course without admission restrictions. You can apply for accommodation online HERE . Contact Studierendenwerk Reckhammerweg 1 Student Residence Administration 45141 Essen Office hours Private housing market You can, of course, look for accommodation on the private housing market, where you may find a furnished apartment/room or a place in shared accommodation ( Wohngemeinschaft or WG). Useful links for your search: http://www.wg-gesucht.de/ http://www.immobilienscout24.de/ http://www.studenten-wohnung.de/ http://waz.immowelt.de/ IImportant terms you will need if you are looking for accommodation: http://www.uni-due.de/scies/accommodation.shtml#glossary Download accommodation glossary as a PDF . 3. Enrolment Please note the following steps for enrolment: Please be aware that you cannot enrol before you have arrived in Germany! Send an email to: einschreibung-io@uni-due.de Subject line: Your application number and/or student ID number (if available) Necessary information: Full name Date of birth Place of birth Citizenship Address in Germany Which subject and degree course would you like to enrol for? Which semester (summer or winter) would you like to enrol for? Attachments: Letter of admission Passport photo (jpeg) for your student ID card Scan of your passport University entrance certificate Bachelor's degree certificate, if applicable Complete transcript of records (university entrance and bachelor's degree) Language certificates (German, English if applicable) APS certificate if you're from China, India or Vietnam for language course enrolment only: confirmation of registration for a German language course ( an intensive language course in Germany with at least 18 teaching units per week and usually daily lessons) - It is not possible to register for the German exam only! - To enrol for the summer semester, the language course must take place between April and September - To enrol for the winter semester, the language course must take place between October and March - It is not possible to enrol solely for the German exam! Proof of health insurance coverage (please find essential information on health insurance via the link) For language course enrolment : private health insurance For degree course enrolment : statutory health insurance In light of recent events, we kindly request the written confirmation of your health insurance's M10 notification. if applicable, proof of withdrawal from the register of your previous university in Germany Please note that you can only be enrolled once we have received your complete email providing all information and attachments as mentioned above! Student services and student body fees are only due once you have successfully enrolled. You will receive all necessary information in due time. Please do not transfer any money beforehand! Enrolment deadlines Enrolment in a German language course: Possible throughout the year Enrolment in a degree course: Registrar's Office Student services and student body fees The student services and student body fees are not tuition fees. All students must pay these fees each semester regardless of the date on which they enrol. Please find further information here . Semester ticket Students at the University of Duisburg-Essen will receive the so-called "Deutschlandsemesterticket". Further information about the Semester Ticket Student ID card All students are issued a student ID card, which will be sent to you by post after you have enrolled. Your student ID card doubles as your library card and canteen card with payment chip. You can use it at the self-service stations (to print enrolment certificates, make changes to your address or print bank transfer slips). Further information about the Student ID Card University ID ("Unikennung") Upon enrollment at the University of Duisburg-Essen, you will receive a password-protected university account that allows you access to the internet and the university's electronic services. Please find further information here . Enrolment certificate After you have transferred the student services and student body fees and they have been received by the University of Duisburg-Essen, you can use your University ID (Unikennung) and your password to download your enrolment certificate from the UDE HISinOne portal and print copies. You might need to present an enrolment certificate to authorities, health insurance providers, banks or the Studierendenwerk. Advice for international students You are an international student and you have questions about your studies or life in Duisburg and Essen? The International Office will be happy to help. For questions relating to topics such as financing your studies and dealing with the immigration office, please make an appointment for our online consultation hour via Moodle. You can find further important information regarding appointments and enquiries to the Immigration Office HERE . Moodle-Appointment ISAAC (International Student Activity and Assistance Club) ISAAC offers leisure activities for international students and provides support to those who have questions. ISAAC Contact Enrolment Services - International Admissions Department Essen Campus Universitätsstr. 15 Gebäude V15 D19 45141 Essen international@uni-due.de Duisburg Campus Geibelstraße 41 Gebäude SG 027 47057 Duisburg international@uni-due.de Team If you have any questions, please contact the responsible staff member . Infoline Emergency handling Imprint © UDE Last modified: 2026-09-02 international@uni-due.de