University of Duisburg-Essen Studying Talent in demand Orientation Contact +49 203 379-1800 webredaktion@uni-due.de international@uni-due.de Search A-Z Information for... Prospective students Current students Ph.D. students International researchers (Welcome Service) Prospective founders Alumni Applicants Staff Press EN Deutsch Enrol at the UDE Social Media Navigation University About us Organisation Facts & Figures UDE Guidelines & Strategies Annual Reports Campus Development Jobs, Internships & Training Partnerships, Memberships, Tributes Alumni Network InfinitUDE Addresses, Maps & Directions UDEintern Research Studying Studying Study Courses Application Enrolment Costs Funding & Scholarships Counselling & Service Start of Studies (Freshmen) Organisation Examination Offices & Regulations International Study Abroad Incoming Students Guests Further Education & Training Faculties UDE international Transfer Living Living in Duisburg & Essen Our Region University Life & Culture × Versatile, strong in research & instructive: We. Together. We are one of the youngest universities in Germany and think in terms of possibilities rather than limits. In the heart of the Ruhr metropolis, we develop ideas with a future at eleven faculties. We are strong in research and teaching, live diversity, promote potentials and are committed to educational justice that deserves its name. Schließen Costs & Fees UDE Home Studying Costs & Fees During your studies Cost of living Depending on the city you move to and other circumstances, your cost of living varies. You can find an average calculation here: Information on cost of living in Germany All students must be covered by a compulsory health insurance. There are however certain circumstances in which you must be privately insured. Information on health insurance Social & Student Union Fee Upon enrollment or re-registration, the social and student body contribution must be paid, which consists of the so-called mobility contribution (VRR-Semester Ticket and NRW-Ticket for public transport), the social contribution for the Studierendenwerk and the contribution for the General Student Committee (AStA). The exact amount Contribution for part-time and guest students & continuing education A general fee is charged for the study of secondary students (§ 71 Abs. 1 HG - small secondary students), as well as for the study of guest students (§ 71 Abs. 3 HG) for each semester of their admission. Fees for participation in continuing education courses (§ 90 HG) cover the costs. Read More Possibilities of social counseling Advice and information on all matters related to the financing of studies. Social counseling of the Studierendenwerk Social Counseling of the General Student Committee Inclusion and Disability Portal - Financial & Social Affairs Everything Law Regulations for the waiver of the mobility fee Contribution rules of the student body Contribution rules of the Studierendenwerk Duisburg Campus Forsthausweg 2 47057 Duisburg Essen Campus Universitätsstraße 2 45141 Essen University Hospital Hufelandstraße 55 45147 Essen Directions & Maps Building Finder Night mailboxes/appointment boxes Bus-Shuttle | Mobility Canteens & Cafeterias Weather in Duisburg Weather in Essen Webmailer | OWA (Exchange) Course Catalogue HISinOne | Deadlines & Dates Job Vacancies & Training Fault Reporting: Notifications & Fault Reports UDE Merchandise Shop Intranet Infoline Emergency handling Imprint © UDE Last modified: 2026-01-20 webredaktion@uni-due.de