University of Duisburg-Essen International Studies in Engineering ISE Orientation Search A-Z Enrol at the UDE Navigation General Information Bachelor Program Master Program Admission Requirements Application Bachelor Application Master General Study Information Study Information Study Plan Schedule (LSF) Study Regulation Examination Final Thesis Non-technical Subjects Industrial Internship Recognition of credits Faculty of Engineering Alumni Admission Requirements International Studies in Engineering Requirements for the Bachelor Program General university entrance qualification ("Abitur") or Special university entrance qualification (restricted to certain fields of study, so called "Fachhochschulreife" or equivalent). The evidence of a special degree course related educational background or qualification from school with special profile in mathematics. Applicants must prove that they have studied mathematics in the last 3 years of the previous education entitling them to direct university access and have graduated with a grade of 2.5 (German grading system) or better. Requirements for the Master Program Bachelor's degree in an appropriate subject area with adequate length of studies and with an average mark of at least 3.0 issued in Germany or a foreign equivalent. Language Requirements Bachelor When enrolling, applicants must prove that they have knowledge of the German and English language according to the completed level B1 of the European Framework of Reference for Languages. Students must take placement tests immediately at the start of their studies to determine their knowledge of German and English and for placement. Applicants who have not obtained their study qualification at a German-speaking institution must have demonstrated German language proficiency at level B2 by the time they register for the modules taught in German. Studying in a Bachelor's program in ISE requires proof of level B2 in both languages as a prerequisite for graduation. The language courses required for this in individual cases are part of the study program. Language Requirements Master When enrolling, applicants must prove that they have knowledge of the German and English language according to the completed level B2 of the European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR). English language certificates must be submitted with the application documents. The German language certificates can be submitted later. Online Application via uni-ASSIST Bachelor Application Applicants who would like to apply for a Bachelor course as a part of the study program International Studies in Engineering (ISE) must first use the application portal of uni-assist. uni-assist Online Application via UDE Master Application Applicants who would like to apply for a Master course as a part of the study program International Studies in Engineering (ISE) must use the application portal of UDE. application portal of UDE. Dean's Office Nicole Schmelter Room: MA 261 Tel.: +49 203 37-93254 Fax: +49 203 37-93052 dekanat@iw.uni-due.de Postal Address University of Duisburg-Essen Faculty of Engineering Forsthausweg 2 47057 Duisburg Germany Support Center for (International) Engineering Students www.uni-due.de/scies scies@uni-due.de Campus Duisburg Room: SG 119 Tel.: +49 203 37-93776 Campus Essen Room: V13 S03 C58 Tel.: +49 201 18-36500 Commission for International Affairs Iris Steiner Room: SG 117 Tel.: +49 203 37-93202 iris.steiner@uni-due.de semester abroad, support of foreign guests, international cooperations Library Enrolment Office Examination Office International Office Time Table and Deadlines Canteens and Cafeterias University Sports Bus-Shuttle City of Duisburg City of Essen Infoline Emergency handling Imprint © UDE Last modified: 2026-04-30 webmaster-iw@uni-due.de