Jump to the main content block EN Menu Search Burger Button About Us Team Members Statistics & Data Legislation Common Forms Contact Us NCKU Introduction Slide Incoming Application Why NCKU？ Degree for International Students Degree for Overseas Chinese Students Degree for Mainland Chinese Students Foreign students identification Incoming Exchange Dual Degree Short-Term Program INTENSE Program Outgoing Application Outgoing Exchange Program Dual Degree Program Overseas Internship Short-Term Program Outgoing Scholarship Life @ NCKU Visa/ ARC/ Entry Permit Overseas Students Handbook /Entry Guideline Enrollment/ Registration/ Health Check Insurance Program Transfer/ Course Notice/ Enrollment System CIDS Scholarship Accommadation and Living Expenses Information School Map Overseas Student Association Emergency Allowance/ Appeal/ Consultation Transcript/ Certificate/ Leave School CareerNavigator Program Work Permit FAQs Global Engagement Partnership International Networks Guests Visits Agreements Dual Degree Program Internationalization Grants International Scholar Important Links NCKU Site Map 繁體中文 ::: Home Incoming Application Degree for International Students Incoming Application Incoming Application Why NCKU? About Tainan NCKU Life Degree for International Students Application Application Schedule Programs & fees Scholarship Information Brochures/Video Degree Application FAQ Degree for Overseas Chinese Students Direct Admission Application University Entrance Committee for Overseas Chinese Students Enrollment Schedule Scholarship Overseas Chinese Degree Application Introduction Q&A Degree for Mainland Chinese Students UECMCS Application Prospectus Enrollment Schedule Application Introduction Q&A Foreign students identification Incoming Exchange Application Notice TEC Scholarship (Exchange) College/Department Level Exchange Student Dual Degree Short-Term Program NCKU International Summer School Short-Term Internship Visa Short-Term Research Visa Short-Term Internship Program INTENSE Program Updated Information Admission Prospectus and Application Timeline Partner Company Information Application Information ::: Application update date : 2026-09-10 Admission Prospectus for International Students NEW!!! Admission Prospectus for International Students 2026 Fall/ 2027 Spring.pdf Admission Regulations Ministry of Education_Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan National Cheng Kung University Regulations Governing the Enrollment of International Students (Chinese version only) Application Procedure ※Prepare your application: Confirm your eligibility to apply as an international student, please refer to " Applicant's Eligibility ". Refer to the "Current Programs" via the application portal, to make sure the program(s) you intend to apply is on offer for the current admission round. (or click ) Prepare the required documents and the application fee, according to " Required Documents " and Payment instructions for details. Check with the Current Programs (via the application portal) if the chosen departments/institutes require additional documents, interviews and/or tests. (*Interview details and schedules will be notify by the department/instituion if necessary.) Complete the application online via the applicaiton portal before the deadline. ※How to apply: Register for only ONE account (please use your e-mail address as your username) on the application portal. Verify your e-mail address, then log in to fill out information and choose maximum three departments/institutes. Upload all the required documents and the additional documents as required by the respective department(s)/institute(s), if applicable. ALL documents must be submitted in PDF format . Pay the application fee of NT$2,000 by bank transfer or credit card. Before submitting application, double check if all information and documents are provided as required. Notification email to the recommenders will be sent after submitting your application. - At least TWO recommendation letters are needed for your application. The recommendation letters can be submitted in 1 of the following 3 ways: Upload to the application portal by yourself. Invite your recommenders to upload the letter or fill out the content via the link in the notification email. The recommender can send the recommendation letter to overseas@ncku.edu.tw , indicating your name and application number. Applicants' Eligibility Required Documents Application Fee Payment Instructions Application Portal 【 Application system 】 Spring 2027 Application for International Degree Students Application period: July 1, 2026 (Wed) to September 15 (Tue) 2026 General Language Proficiency Requirements by Program : ◾ English-taught programs (marked with red or green dots): Applicants must submit proof of English proficiency at CEFR B1 level or above . ◾ Chinese- and English-taught programs (marked with blue dots): Applicants must submit proof of Chinese proficiency at TOCFL A2 level or above and English proficiency at CEFR B1 level or above . ◾ Chinese-taught programs (marked with black dots): Applicants must submit proof of Chinese proficiency at TOCFL A2 level or above . The above requirements are general guidelines. Applicants must review the admission prospectus and submit language proficiency documents in accordance with the specific requirements of the intended department/program . Download Relevant Forms Items Download Declaration Declaration Form for International Student Application Recommendation Letter Recommendation Letter Format Financial Sponsorship from the Guarantor Financial Sponsorship Form Non-Household Registration Declaration Non-Household Registration Declaration Form Application For Certificate of Entry and Exit Dates Application Form for Certificate of Entry and Exit Dates Application for Credit Transfer Application for Credit Transfer (Bachelor's) *If you are from designated countries, such as Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nigeria, etc., please make sure you will have guarantor in Taiwan to ensure your visa legitimacy. For more information, please refer to Procedures for Nationals of the Designated Countries Applying for Visitor Visas to the Republic of China (R.O.C.) NCKU handles the recruitment of international students and does not commission any external institution, legal person, group, or individual to handle related matters except publicity and promotions, and to assist students coming to Taiwan undertake the necessary related procedures. In due course, NCKU shall also verify whether any commissioned party has collected any unreasonable fees from international studnents, established any loan relationship with any international student, or wherhter any other violation of related ordinances has occured, and when necessary, NCKU may check details with international students who are applying for admission. NCKU handles events related to the admission of international students or commissions an external institution, leagal person, group, or individual to do so, and provides information that is consistent with the admission regulation, admission guidelines, or any related regulations. Click Num: Share 繁體 English Location: No.1, University Road, Tainan City 701, Taiwan ( Map 、 Traffic Information ) Office Hours: Mon - Fri, 08:00 - 17:00. (Lunch Break: 12:00 - 13:00) Office of International Affairs, National Cheng Kung University. All Rights Reserved. 💬 OIA AI Chatbox ✖ Click to Chat with OIA AI Agent 🔒 This function is for internal use only. Please use your Employee/Student ID@ncku.edu.tw to log in. Password is the same as your NCKU Portal. 👉 Click to Chat Back To Top Login Success OK Cancel Close (Esc) Share Toggle fullscreen Zoom in/out Previous (arrow left) Next (arrow right)