Jump to the main content block EN Menu Search Burger Button About Us Team Members Statistics & Data Legislation Common Forms Contact Us NCKU Introduction Slide Incoming Application Why NCKU？ Degree for International Students Degree for Overseas Chinese Students Degree for Mainland Chinese Students Foreign students identification Incoming Exchange Dual Degree Short-Term Program INTENSE Program Outgoing Application Outgoing Exchange Program Dual Degree Program Overseas Internship Short-Term Program Outgoing Scholarship Life @ NCKU Visa/ ARC/ Entry Permit Overseas Students Handbook /Entry Guideline Enrollment/ Registration/ Health Check Insurance Program Transfer/ Course Notice/ Enrollment System CIDS Scholarship Accommadation and Living Expenses Information School Map Overseas Student Association Emergency Allowance/ Appeal/ Consultation Transcript/ Certificate/ Leave School CareerNavigator Program Work Permit FAQs Global Engagement Partnership International Networks Guests Visits Agreements Dual Degree Program Internationalization Grants International Scholar Important Links NCKU Site Map 繁體中文 ::: Home Incoming Application Degree for International Students Incoming Application Incoming Application Why NCKU? About Tainan NCKU Life Degree for International Students Application Application Schedule Programs & fees Scholarship Information Brochures/Video Degree Application FAQ Degree for Overseas Chinese Students Direct Admission Application University Entrance Committee for Overseas Chinese Students Enrollment Schedule Scholarship Overseas Chinese Degree Application Introduction Q&A Degree for Mainland Chinese Students UECMCS Application Prospectus Enrollment Schedule Application Introduction Q&A Foreign students identification Incoming Exchange Application Notice TEC Scholarship (Exchange) College/Department Level Exchange Student Dual Degree Short-Term Program NCKU International Summer School Short-Term Internship Visa Short-Term Research Visa Short-Term Internship Program INTENSE Program Updated Information Admission Prospectus and Application Timeline Partner Company Information Application Information ::: Scholarships (Degree programs) update date : 2026-08-31 2026.04.24 Updated Those who receive scholarships or grants for international students offered by Taiwanese governmental agencies are not eligible to receive this scholarship. Any recipients of this scholarship found to be acting in violation of this rule will be disqualified from receiving this scholarship, and must return the funds they have already received. US dollars to New Taiwan dollars is approximately 1:30 When issuing the scholarship, the amount of money will be given in NT$. Scholarships for International Students 1. University Scholarship 1. NCKU Elite Doctoral Scholarship Applicable to newly admitted students from the 2026-2027 Academic Year onward Offer in accordance with the NCKU International Student Scholarship Guidelines (Applicable to new students starting from the 2026-2027 Academic Year onward) . Eligibility: Full-time PhD students in years 1-4 of their program Scholarship offer: Waiver of full tuition including basic credit fee, a monthly stipend of maximum NT$25,000. Nominees do not need to submit any application documents for this scholarship. Potential recipients are to be nominated and to be selected as award recipients by the departments. Applicable to newly admitted students in the 2024-2025 & 2025-2026 Academic Years Offer in accordance with the NCKU International Student Scholarship Guidelines (Applicable for new students starting from academic year 2024-2025 and hereafter) . Eligibility: Full-time PhD students in years 1-4 of their program Scholarship offer: Waiver of full tuition including basic credit fee, a monthly stipend of NT$25,000, and advisor's fund of NT$8,000. Nominees do not need to submit any application documents for this scholarship. Potential recipients are to be nominated and to be selected as award recipients by the departments. 2. NCKU Distinguished International Student Scholarship Applicable to newly admitted students from the 2026-2027 Academic Year onward The NCKU Distinguished International Student Scholarship is offer in accordance with the National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships (Applicable to new students starting from the 2026-2027 Academic Year onward) . - Undergraduate Students: Tuition fees waiver, and monthly stipend with amount determined by respective college. - Master's and Doctoral Students: Waiver of full tuition including basic credit fee, and monthly stipend with amount determined by respective college. How to apply: The University International Student Admissions Committee will review the application documents to evaluate the scholarship opportunity for the first academic year. Applicants do not need to submit any additional application documents for this scholarship, and the award information will be mailed along with the admission letter. For renewal applicants, the students have to follow National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships (Applicable to new students starting from the 2026-2027 Academic Year onward) and apply again. Note: 1. Students with an employment status on their ARC or a work visa are not eligible to receive any of the above scholarships. 2. Recipients who defer admission will be disqualified from the granted scholarship and reviewed again on the returning semester. 3. Master's and Doctoral Departments applicants: Departme ntal e valuations must include an interview either in person or via video conferencing . 5. Further regulations about the scholarship, please refer to National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships (Applicable to new students starting from the 2026-2027 Academic Year onward) . Applicable to newly admitted students in the 2024-2025 & 2025-2026 Academic Years The NCKU Distinguished International Student Scholarship follows by the National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships, (applicable for enrolling in the 2024 fall semester and after). For Undergraduate: (1) Tuition fee waive, exclude miscellaneous fees and enrollment fees, and a monthly scholarship of NT$8,000. (2) Tuition fee waive, exclude miscellaneous fees and enrollment fees For Master's: (1) Basic tuition fee waive, exclude credit fees and enrollment fees, and a monthly scholarship of NT$10,000. (2) Basic tuition fee waive, exclude credit fees and enrollment fees. For Doctoral: (1) Basic tuition fee waive, exclude credit fees and enrollment fees, a monthly scholarship of NT$16,000, and NT$4,000 from the recipients' advisors. (2) Basic tuition fee waive, exclude credit fees and enrollment fees, and NT$2,000 from the recipients' advisors. How to apply: The University International Student Admissions Committee will review the application documents to evaluate the scholarship opportunity for the first academic year. Applicants do not need to submit any additional application documents for this scholarship, and the award information will be mailed along with the admission letter. For renewal applicants, the students have to follow National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships and apply again. Note: 1. Students with an employment status on their ARC or a work visa are not eligible to receive any of the above scholarships. 2. Recipients who defer admission will be disqualified from the granted scholarship and reviewed again on the returning semester. 3. Undergraduate scholarship applicants: Departmental evaluations must include a video interview. 4. Graduate and Doctoral Departments applicants: Departmental evaluations must include a video interview. Applicants must have already secured a thesis/dissertation advisor. If, due to special circumstances, a scholarship recipient has not secured an advisor upon enrollment, they must do so no later than the beginning of their second semester to remain eligible for the award. 5. About scholarship termination/loss of eligibility, please refer to National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships 3. International Merit Students in Mathematics and Science, and Business Achievement Scholarship (Bachelor program applicants only) Based on the NCKU Guidelines for NCKU Guidelines for Implementing the International Merit Students in Mathematics and Science, and Business Achievement Scholarship . This applied to foreign students and overseas compatriot students who won awards from an NCKU-designated "overseas mathematics and science, and Business competition" within three years prior to their admission into an NCKU undergraduate program. The Scholarship program will begin from the month when the recipient enrolls in NCKU and end when the recipient graduates, withdraws from NCKU, is suspended or expelled. The maximum period that any recipient may hold the Scholarship is based on the regulated study years for undergraduate programs. Those who study during their extended years of study are not eligible to apply for the Scholarship. Scholarship Categories and Amounts for new students, each recipient will receive a monthly scholarship for 12 months with an approved exemption of tuition and miscellaneous fees. Scholarship amounts vary as follows: Mathematics and Science Level 1 (ranked in 1-15): a monthly scholarship of NTD$12,000. Level 2 (ranked in 16-50): a monthly scholarship of NTD$10,000. Level 3 (ranked in 51-75): a monthly scholarship of NTD$8,000. Level 4 (school representative in competition): a montly scholarship of NT$5,000 Business Level 1 (ranked in 1-15): a monthly scholarship of NTD$12,000. Level 2 (ranked in 16-30): a monthly scholarship of NTD$10,000. Level 4 (school representative in competition): a montly scholarship of NT$5,000 Note: About continuing student application, scholarship termination/loss of eligibility, please refer to NCKU Guidelines for Implementing the International Merit Students in Mathematics and Science, and Business Achievement Scholarship ( https://shorturl.at/xdpu0 ) 4. NCKU Dept./ Inst. Scholarship Information Various available scholarship provided by the dept./inst., the scholarship is subjected to change yearly, please refer to the latest Admission Prospectus for International Students , or you my contact dept./inst. directly for further information. 2. Off-campus Scholarship 1. Taiwan Scholarship This scholarship is offered by the Taiwan government (Ministry of Education, Ministry of Foreign Affairs & Ministry of Science Technology). How to apply: For application guidelines and forms, types of scholarship and quotas, as well as information regarding the selection process and outcome announcements, applicants may directly contact the relevant Taiwan Embassy or Representative Office. Please refer to the MOFA website for the nearest embassy or representative office. Scholarship program office website, please visit: http://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw Important Requirement: For detailed required document (including language proficiency certificate), please refer to "Taiwan Scholarship Program Guidelines", article V . For scholarship guidelines, please vsit: https://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw/web/pages.aspx?p=7 2. MOE Elite Scholarship Eligibility: Doctoral/Master's degree-seeking applicants who are currently university lecturers or professors. (Fall admission applicants) South and Southeast countries in Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, India, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Bhutan. (Fall or Spring semester admission applicants) All African countries. Duration of Scholarships: 3 years (in Doctoral programs /reviewed annually) 2 years (in Master's programs /reviewed annually) Amount of Scholarship: NT$300,000 / year (Around US$10,000 / year) How to Apply: Complete and submit the admission application, those received admission candidates need to finish registraion with Registrar Division. OIA will provide the list of candidates to MOE for final reviewing. Required eligibility: (1) An up-to-date lecturer certificate (English version), as in the employment certificate. (2) To African applicants, please provide either an up-to-date Lecturer certificate or a three-year (or above) university Researcher Employment Certificate with research publications or papers . 2025/2026 MOE Elite Scholarship Information 2026/2027 MOE Elite Scholarship Information 3. International Cooperation and Development Fund (ICDF) Higher Education Scholarship Program The Taiwan ICDF has established the Taiwan International Cooperation Alliance (TICA) with its partner universities, setting up an operational platform under this TICA framework to manage and improve the scholarship program. NCKU has been cooperating with Taiwan ICDF from 2007 for the International Master's Programs in Civil Engineering and Management and Natural Hazards Mitigation and Management . How to Apply: Applicants should complete Taiwan ICDF online application and submit the documents to the ROC (Taiwan) Embassy/ Consulate (General)/ Representative Office/ Taiwan Technical Mission or project representative in their country. Applicants must ensure that they submit accurate and complete documentation; failure to do so will result in the application not being processed. Please also note: Late submissions will not be accepted and/or processed. Award Timeframe: Master's Program in Civil Engineering and Management and Natural Hazards Mitigation and Management for 2 years maximum. For more information, please visit to International Cooperation and Development Fund . 4. Pilot Program Scholarship Funding Source: National Science and Technology Council (NSTC) - Doctoral Student Research Scholarship Pilot Program (Allocation Category). Eligibility: Doctoral students who have completed registration and are currently enrolled. The following are not eligible: students with full-time employment, in-service students, those with deferred enrollment, recipients of other government-funded scholarships of a similar nature, and students from Mainland China, Hong Kong, or Macao. How to Apply: For detailed information, please visit the website of NCKU's Office of Research and Development . National Cheng Kung University Directions of NSTC Doctoral Research Scholarship Pilot Program 5. E.Sun Bank ASEAN Scholarship Purpose: The E.Sun Volunteer & Social welfare Foundation (hereinafter referred to as the Foundation) promotes talent exchanges with ASEAN countries and encourages outstanding ASEAN students to come to Taiwan to study. With the purpose of cultivating outstanding talents of ASEAN with international professionalism and competence, the Foundation specially set up the E.Sun Bank ASEAN Scholarship. Eligibility: An applicant who holds a citizenship of Cambodia, Vietnam or Myanmar applies for a master's degree and is admitted to a partner school may apply. Scholarship amount: Awardee receives total NT$100,000 for one academic year, distributed in two semesters. 6. NCKU Butterfly-ASEAN Scholarship Purpose: With the purpose of cultivating outstanding talents of ASEAN with international professionalism and competence, the Vietnam Yongyuan Foundation invited Guangtai Metal Industry Co., Ltd. and Ronggang Material Technology Co., Ltd. to cooperatively support and provide the university's outstanding Vietnamese students with living allowances through this special establishment-NCKU Butterfly-ASEAN Scholarship. Eligibility: All degree students of NCKU who hold a Vietnamese nationality, with the exclusion of under the status of overseas Chinese students and who have held the Republic of China (ROC Taiwan) nationality. Requirements: Eligible applicants are those enrolled at NCKU as international students who have completed their first semester of study at NCKU and achieved both 80 or above of an average academic grade and conducting score in the previous academic semester. Number of awards: A maximum of 6 students per academic semester. Scholarship awardee receives a total of VND20,000,000 / NTD30,000 at once. Applicants shall submit an application to the International Student Affairs Division under the Office of International Affairs during the period from November 1st to November 30th in the fall semester, or during the period from May 1st to May 31st in the spring semester. For more application information, please refer to International Students Affairs website. 7. NCKU Industries Collaboration Scholarship NCKU links with internationl companies in cooperating in the Cultivation to outstanding talents and provide internships or job opportunities, please refer to the latest Admission Prospectus for International Students , the scholarship is subject to change according to each program deadline. 8. NCKU International Industrial Talents Education Special Program (INTENSE Program) Scholarship International students interested in applying for this program may refer to the 2025 Fall Semester International Industrial Talents Education Special Program (INTENSE Program) Admission Prospectus and website(click). 9. MOFA Taiwan-Europe Semiconductor Scholarship 1. Eligibility: Nationality: Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Lithuania, Kosovo, and Albania. (Note: Applicants who also hold nationality from China, Hong Kong, or Macao are not eligible for this scholarship.) Student Status: Exchange student/visiting student, or degree student. Departments: Semiconductor-related fields, bachelor year or above. 2. Scholarship Content: Tuition, Administrative and insurance fee & Monthly Stipend: Recipients Tuition, Administrative and insurance fees Monthly Stipend Exchange/Visiting Student Up to NTD60,000 /per semester NTD30,000 Degree Student (Master) Up to NTD120,000 /per year NTD30,000 Degree Student (Ph.D.) Up to NTD120,000 /per year NTD40,000 Economy-class airline tickets for each recipient up to NT$100,000 (up to NT$50,000 each way). Scholarship duration: (1) Exchange/Visiting Student: For 1 or 2 semesters. (2) Master student: up to 2 years. (3) Doctoral student: up to 4 years. Other: Scholarship recipients from eligible countries under this program, who are covered by an Executive Yuan-approved project or fall under related agreements with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA), may apply for internships in Taiwan. If approved, they may receive a living allowance for up to 3 months, starting from the month the internship begins, within 6 months after completing their academic program. Monthly living allowance: NT$30,000 for bachelor's and master's students; NT$40,000 for Ph.D. students. 3. How to Apply: Degree-seeking students must complete the Admission application. Qualified applicants will automatically be nominated by the NCKU Office of International Affairs to MOFA. No further procedures are required. (Contact Email: overseas@ncku.edu.tw ) For Exchange/Visiting Student: Please contact NCKU Office of International Affairs-Study Abroad Division. (Contact Email: em50961@email.ncku.edu.tw ) Scholarship announcements and disbursement schedules are subject to the Office of International Affairs' notifications. Application deadline: open to students enrolling through the 2027 Fall Semester intake. Note 1: All reimbursements require official payment receipts for processing. Note 2: If there is any discrepancy between the English translation and the original Chinese text, the Chinese version shall prevail. Note 3: For other scholarship information and details, please visit the MOFA Taiwan-Europe Scholarship website: https://en.mofa.gov.tw/cp.aspx?n=6847 For Scholarships for Overseas Chinese Students(Please click the link) Click Num: Share 繁體 English Location: No.1, University Road, Tainan City 701, Taiwan ( Map 、 Traffic Information ) Office Hours: Mon - Fri, 08:00 - 17:00. (Lunch Break: 12:00 - 13:00) Office of International Affairs, National Cheng Kung University. All Rights Reserved. 💬 OIA AI Chatbox ✖ Click to Chat with OIA AI Agent 🔒 This function is for internal use only. Please use your Employee/Student ID@ncku.edu.tw to log in. Password is the same as your NCKU Portal. 👉 Click to Chat Back To Top Login Success OK Cancel Close (Esc) Share Toggle fullscreen Zoom in/out Previous (arrow left) Next (arrow right)