中華民國 114 年 11月 國立成功大學115 學年度外國學生招生委員會印製 Printed by National Cheng Kung University, November2025 *中英文版本如有出入，以中文版為準。 *In case of any discrepancy between the English translation and the original Chinese text, the Chinese text shallprevail. NCKU OIA Website Email overseas@ncku.edu.tw +886-6-2085608 Phone Fun at NCKU Facebook nckuoia Instagram 國立成功大學 Admission Prospectus for International Students Fall 2026 / Spring 2027 National Cheng Kung University 115 學年度外國學生申請入學招生簡章 申請入學重要期程表 Applications Key Dates 國立成功大學學期時程 NCKU Semesters : 秋季班：115學年度第一學期 2026年9月開始。 2026 Fall: The 1st semester of the academic year starts in September 2026 春季班：115學年度第二學期 2027年2月開始。 2027 Spring: The 2nd semester of the academic year starts in February 2027 秋季班: 2026年9月入學 / Fall Semester, September2026 Entry 階段 時間 注意事項 開放線上申請 Online Application Open 2025年12月20日 December 20, 2025 申請截止時間 Application Deadline 2026年3月15日 March 15, 2026 * 申請資料上傳及申請繳費截止。 * Deadline for complete application and paying application fee. 申請件審查時間 Application Review Period 2026年3月16日至 6月1日 March 16 - June 1 , 2026 錄取結果公告 Admission Result 2026年6月2日 June 2, 2026 * 開放線上查詢申請結果（含獎學金） * Application results available online (including scholarship result) 寄發錄取通知 Admission Letters Mailed 2026年6月下旬 Late June, 2026 春季班: 2027年2月入學 / Spring Semester, February2027 Entry 階段 時間 (暫定) (tentative) 注意事項 開放線上申請 Online Application Open 2026年7月1日 July 1, 2026 申請截止時間 Application Deadline 2026年9月15日 September 15, 2026 *申請資料上傳及申請繳費截止。 * Deadline for complete application and paying application fee. 申請件審查時間 Application Review Period 2026年9月16日至 11月29日 September 16 - November 29, 2026 錄取結果公告 Admission Result 2026年11月30日 November 30, 2026 * 開放線上查詢申請結果（含獎學金） * Application results available online (including scholarship result) 寄發錄取通知 Admission Letters Mailed 2026年12月中旬 Mid-December, 2026 1. 申請資格 Applicants' Eligibility 01 2. 修業年限 Length of Study 02 3. 系所/學程之招生名額暨英文授課狀況 Degree Programs Open to International Students and Quotas 03 4. 系所/學程之附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst. 15 5. 學費收退費及其他費用 Tuition Fee & Other Fees 69 目錄-申請資訊 教育部「外國學生來台就學辦法」 MOE Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan 106 9. 住宿資訊 Accommodation Information 86 10. 國際學位生中文課程 Free Chinese Language Course 87 11. 課輔助教 Tutoring Courses 87 12. 學生會及社團資訊 Student Association & Clubs 87 6. 申請規定與文件 Application Procedures and Documents 73 7. 錄取公告 Admission Announcements 83 8. 報到、註冊及相關注意事項 Registration & Related Notes 84 13. 獎學金資訊 Scholarship Information 88 入學前準備資訊 Pre-Admission Information1 申請與錄取流程 Application & Admission Process2 校園生活與支援 Campus Life & Support3 獎學金 Scholarship4 附錄 Appendix5 1 申請資格 1. 國籍規定 具外國國籍且於申請時不具僑生資格，並符合教育部「外國學生來台就讀學辦法」 規定者，方可申請報考。請詳閱該辦法如附錄。 2. 學歷規定  具高中畢業資格者，得申請入學本校學士學位班；  具學士學位者，得申請入學本校碩士班；  具碩士學位者，得申請入學本校博士班。 註1: 大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 註2:香港或澳門地區：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 註3: 其他地區學歷：海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學 歷。前二項以外之國外地區學歷，應依大學辦理國外學歷採認辦法規定辦理。但 設校或分校於大陸地區之外國學校學歷，應經大陸地區公證處公證，並經行政院 設立或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證。 1. Nationality To be eligible to apply, applicants must qualify for legal international student status of the Ministry of Education's "Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan", (For article, please see the appendix) and never once held the status of Overseas Chinese Student before at the point of application. 2.Academic qualifications International students with:  A high school diploma are eligible to apply for undergraduate programs;  A Bachelor's degree are eligible to apply for Master's programs;  A Master's degree are eligible to apply for Ph.D. programs. Note 1: Academic credentials from Mainland China: The Regulations Governing the Accreditation of Schools in Mainland China shall apply. Note 2: Academic credentials from Hong Kong or Macao: Academic Credential Verification and Accreditation Methods adopted in Hong Kong and Macao shall apply. Note 3: Academic credentials earned at overseas Taiwan schools or Taiwan schools in Mainland China shall be regarded as the same as those at domestic schools with equivalent levels. Academic credentials referred to in the preceding 2 items shall be subject to the Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Foreign Academic Credentials for Institutions of Higher Education. However, academic credentials earned from schools or branches established in Mainland China by foreign schools shall require public notarization in Mainland China and be verified and examined by an institute established or appointed by, or through a private agency. 符合以下外國學生身分者，始具報名資格： Foreign students who meet the following requirements are eligible to apply: 2 修業年限 大學部學程  一般修業年限為4年。  部分專業的大學部課程，如醫學系課程的修業年限為6年（含實習）。  若學生沒有在一般修業年限內完成學業，至多僅能延長2年時間。 研究所學程  碩士班課程為1至4年；  博士班為2至7年。  研究所學生需要在修業期限內完成碩士論文或博士論文。 備註:各系所修業年限規定皆不同，相關規定以系所公告資訊為主。 Undergraduate programs  Undergraduate programs require 4 years of study.  Specialized undergraduate programs, such as the Program of Medicine, require 6 years, including internship.  Students who are unable to fulfill their requirements within the designated time may be granted extensions of up to 2 years. Graduate programs  Graduate programs leading to a Master's or Doctoral degree require one to four years and two to seven years, respectively.  Students who enter graduate school are required to complete their thesis/dissertation on time. Note: The length of study and graduation requirements are different according to each institute/department's regulations, further information is available at the Office of International Affairs website and Department websites. If any revisions occur, please give priority to the announcement from the department/institute. 步驟 Steps 說明 Instructions 1 找出自己有興趣的系所/學程，並查看招生簡章 Identify the departments/programs of interest. 2 確認該系所/學程是否開放申請名額，及開放入學學期。 Confirm whether the department/program offers admission quotas and available entry semesters. 3 檢視該系所/學程之語言授課模式（如紅點、綠點、藍點、黑點標示）。 Check whether the department/program provides courses taught in Englishand/or in Chinese (indicated in red, green, blue, or black). 學程規劃足以讓外國學生畢業之英語講授課程比例 English-Medium Instruction (EMI) courses in a degree program B = 學士 Bachelor M = 碩士 Master D = 博士 Ph.D. ● 全英文授課 Programs taught in English ● 有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ● 提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ● 無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程依當學期開課為標準 *The actual courses offered will be based on the current semester's offerings. 4 參閱「系所/學程附加規定」頁面，確認需繳交之申請文件。 Refer to the "Additional Requirements of Departments/Programs" section to confirm the required application documents. 5 確認上述資訊後，於期限內，完成線上申請作業。 Complete the online application within the deadline. 3 招生系所/學程之英文授課狀況暨名額 如何查看系所/學程之詳細資訊? How to Check Detailed Information of Departments/Programs 文學院 College of Liberal Arts 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115 秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 中國文學系 Dept. of Chinese Literature 2 2 1 ● ● ● x p.15 外國語文學系 Dept. of Foreign Languages & Literature 5 4 2 ● ● ● x p.1516 歷史學系 Dept. of History 1 1 1 ● ● ● x p.18 臺灣文學系 Dept. of Taiwanese Literature Group A: Taiwanese Literature Studies Group B: Taiwan and Southeast Asian Studies. 5 4 3 ● ● (A) ● (B) ● (A) ● (B) ● ● (A) ● (B) ● (A) ● (B) p.1617 考古學研究所 Inst. of Archaeology --- 1 1 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.18 戲劇碩士學位學程 Master Academic Program in Drama --- 2 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.19 藝術研究所 Inst. of Art Studies --- 2 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.19 備註: 請至第15-19頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under the College of Liberal Arts (p.15-19) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. 4 理學院 College of Science 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 數學系 Dept. of Mathematics 1 --- --- ● --- --- x p.20 應用數學研究所 Dept. of Applied Mathematics --- 1 1 --- ● ● x p.20 備註:請至第20-23頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under the College of Science (p. 20-23 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 理學院 College of Science 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 物理學系 Dept. of Physics 4 3 4 ● ● ● x ● ● p.21 化學系 Dept. of Chemistry --- 5 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.21 地球科學系 Dept. of Earth Sciences --- 1 1 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.22 光電科學與工程學系 Dept. of Photonics 1 1 1 ● ● ● x ● ● p.22 太空與電漿科學研究所 Inst. of Space & Plasma Sciences --- 1 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.23 備註:請至第20-23頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under the College of Science (p. 20-23 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. 5 工學院 College of Engineering 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 機械工程學系 Dept. of Mechanical Engineering 6 6 5 ● ● ● x ● ● p.24 化學工程學系 Dept. of Chemical Engineering 8 14 6 ● ● ● x ● ● p.25 工程科學系 Dept. of Engineering Science 2 3 2 ● ● ● x ● ● p.26 系統及船舶機電工程學系 Dept. of Systems & Naval Mechatronic Engineering 3 3 2 ● ● ● ● ● ● p.26 航空太空工程學系 Dept. of Aeronautics & Astronautics 5 13 4 ● ● ● ● ● ● p.27 備註:請至第24-33頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Engineering (p. 24-33) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 6 工學院 College of Engineering 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 生物醫學工程學系 Dept. of Biomedical Engineering 10 15 10 ● ● ● ● ● ● p.2728 生物醫學工程學系醫療器材創 新國際碩士班 Master of The International Institute of Medical Device Innovation (MDI) --- 10 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.28 環境工程學系 Dept. of Environmental Engineering 4 4 2 ● ● ● x ● ● p.2829 資源工程學系 Dept. of Resources Engineering 1 5 3 ● ● ● ● ● ● p.29 材料科學及工程學系 Dept. of Materials Science & Engineering 8 6 7 ● ● ● x ● ● p.30 土木工程學系 Dept. of Civil Engineering 9 38 10 ● ● ● x ● ● p.3031 水利及海洋工程學系 Dept. of Hydraulic & Ocean Engineering 1 4 3 ● ● ● x ● ● p.31 測量及空間資訊學系 Dept. of Geomatics --- 15 10 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.32 海洋科技事務研究所 Inst. of Ocean Technology & Marine Affairs --- 1 1 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.32 自然災害減災及管理國際碩士 學位學程 International Master Program on Natural Hazards Mitigation and Management --- 7 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.3233 備註:請至第24-33頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Engineering (p. 24-33) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 7 工學院 College of Engineering 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 能源工程國際學位學程 International Degree Programs on Energy in Engineering *學士班申請者若欲申請「臺灣獎學 金」，需檢附華語文能力測驗成績。 Bachelor program applicants must provide a TOCFL certificate to apply for the "Taiwan Scholarship". 20 8 4 *● ● ● *● ● ● p.33 備註:請至第24-33頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Engineering (p. 24-33) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. 註: 尖端材料國際碩士學位學程/ 智慧製造國際碩士學位學程: 不開放招生。 Note: International Curriculum for Advanced Materials Program (iCAMP) / International Master Program on Intelligent Manufacturing: Not Open for Application. 電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115 秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 電機工程學系 Dept. of Electrical Engineering 9 7 4 ● ● ● x ● ● p.34 資訊工程學系 Dept. of Computer Science & Information Engineering 8 7 8 ● ● ● x p.34 人工智慧科技碩士學位學程 Graduate Program of Artificial Intelligence --- 2 --- --- ● --- x p.35 製造資訊與系統研究所 Inst. of Manufacturing Information & Systems --- 1 1 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.35 微電子工程研究所 Inst. of Microelectronics --- 3 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.35 通訊工程研究所 Inst. of Communication Engineering --- 4 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.36 備註:請至第34-37頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (p. 34-37 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 8 電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 奈米積體電路工程碩/博士學位 學程 MS/PhD Degree Program on Nano-Integrated-Circuit Engineering --- 1 1 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.36 醫學資訊研究所 Inst. of Medical Informatics --- 2 --- --- ● --- x p.36 智慧資訊安全碩士學位學程 M.S. Degree Program on CyberSecurity Intelligence --- 2 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.37 備註:請至第34-37頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (p. 34-37 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. 規劃與設計學院 College of Planning & Design 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 建築學系 Dept. of Architecture --- 2 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.38 都市計劃學系 Dept. of Urban Planning 1 1 2 ● ● ● x ● ● p.3839 工業設計學系 Dept. of Industrial Design 2 4 4 ● ● ● x ● ● p.40 創意產業設計研究所 Inst. of Creative Industries Design --- 6 3 --- ● ● x p.40 備註:請至第38-40頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Planning & Design (p. 38-40) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 9 管理學院 College of Management 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 工業與資訊管理學系 Dept. of Industrial & Information Management 5 6 2 ● ● ● x x ● p.41 資訊管理研究所 Inst. of Information Management --- 4 2 --- ● ● --- x ● p.42 交通管理科學系 Dept. of Transportation & Communication Management Science 4 2 1 ● ● ● x p.42 電信管理研究所 Inst. of Telecommunications Management --- 1 --- --- ● --- x p.43 國際企業研究所 Inst. of International Business --- 25 10 --- ● ● - ● ● p.43 會計學系 Dept. of Accountancy --- 3 --- --- ● --- x p.44 財務金融研究所 Inst. of Finance --- 3 1 --- ● ● x p.44 統計與資料科學學系 Dept. of Statistics and Data Science 1 1 1 ● ● ● x p.45 國際經營管理研究所 Inst. of International Management (IMBA) --- 41 8 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.45 體育健康與休閒研究所 Inst. of Physical Education, Health and Leisure Studies --- 1 --- --- ● --- x p.46 數據科學研究所 Inst. of Data Science --- 1 --- --- ● --- --- x --- p.46 企業管理學系 Dept. of Business Administration 3 2 1 ● ● ● x p.47 備註:請至第41-47頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Management (p. 41-47 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 10 醫學院 College of Medicine 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 醫學系 School of Medicine 2 --- --- ● --- --- x p.48 藥學系 School of Pharmacy 1 --- --- ● --- --- x p.48 護理學系 Dept. of Nursing *春季班限泰國瑪希敦大學雙聯 學位生申請。 Spring semester : dual degree applicants from Mahidol University in Thailand only. --- --- 14 --- --- ● --- --- *● p.49 物理治療學系 Dept. of Physical Therapy 1 1 --- ● ● --- x ● --- p.4950 環境醫學研究所 Dept. of Environmental and Occupational Health --- 2 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.50 醫學檢驗生物技術學系 Dept. of Medical Laboratory Science and Biotechnology 1 2 --- ● ● --- x ● --- p.51 細胞生物與解剖學研究所 Dept. of Cell Biology and Anatomy --- 1 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.51 生物化學暨分子生物學研究所 Dept. of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology --- 3 --- --- ● --- x p.52 健康照護科學研究所 Inst. of Allied Health Science --- --- 2 --- --- ● --- --- ● p.52 藥理學研究所 Dept. of Pharmacology --- 1 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.53 口腔醫學研究所 Inst. of Oral Medicine --- 2 --- --- ● --- x p.53 備註:請至第48-57頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Medicine (p. 48-57 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 11 醫學院 College of Medicine 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 分子醫學研究所 Inst. of Molecular Medicine --- 3 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.53 臨床醫學研究所 Inst. of Clinical Medicine --- 2 1 --- ● ● x p.54 生理學科暨研究所 Dept. of Physiology --- 1 --- --- ● --- x p.54 微生物及免疫學研究所 Dept. of Microbiology and Immunology --- 2 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.55 臨床藥學與藥物科技研究所 Inst. of Clinical Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences Note: Group A: Division of Clinical Pharmacy and Pharmacoepidemiology Group B: Division of Pharmaceutical Sciences --- 3 3 --● (A) ● (B) ● (A) ● (B) --● (A) ● (B) ● (A) ● (B) p.55 行為醫學研究所 Inst. of Behavioral Medicine --- 1 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.56 公共衛生學系 Dept. of Public Health *學士班申請者若欲申請「臺灣獎 學金」，需檢附華語文能力測驗成 績。Bachelor program applicants must provide a TOCFL certificate to apply for the "Taiwan Scholarship". 20 3 3 *● ● ● x p.56 食品安全衛生暨風險管理 研究所 Dept. of Food Safety/Hygiene and Risk Management --- 3 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.57 基礎醫學研究所 Inst. of Basic Medical Sciences --- --- 4 --- --- ● --- --- ● p.57 備註:請至第48-57頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Medicine (p. 48-57 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 12 醫學院 College of Medicine 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 職能治療學系 Dept. of Occupational Therapy --- 1 --- --- ● --- x p.57 老年學研究所 Inst. of Gerontology --- 1 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.57 跨領域神經科學國際研究生博 士學位學程(中央研究院) Taiwan International Graduate Program for Interdisciplinary Neuroscience (Academia Sinica) TIGP-INS: https://npas.programs.sin ica.edu.tw/ins/index.html --- --- ● x -This program is organized by Inst. of Clinical Medicine of NCKU and Academia Sinica of Taiwan. For more information, please visit the TIGP website. 備註:請至第48-57頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Medicine (p. 48-57 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. 社會科學院 College of Social Science 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 政治學系 Dept. of Political Science 5 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- --- p.58 政治學系政治經濟學碩博士班 Master/PhD Program of Political Economy, Dept. of Political Science --- 3 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.58 經濟學系 Dept. of Economics 4 1 --- ● ● --- ● ● --- p.59 心理學系 Dept. of Psychology 5 2 2 ● ● ● x ● ● p.59 教育研究所 Inst. of Education --- 2 1 --- ● ● x p.60 法律學系 Dept. of Law --- 2 2 --- ● ● x p.60 備註:請至第58-60頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theCollege of Social Science (p.58-60) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 13 生物科學與科技學院 College of Biosciences & Biotechnology 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 生命科學系 Dept. of Life Sciences 6 7 5 ● ● ● ● ● ● p.61 生物科技與產業科學系 Dept. of Biotechnology and Bioindustry Sciences 9 10 6 ● ● ● ● ● ● p.62 熱帶植物與微生物科學研究所 Inst. of Tropical Plant Sciences and Microbiology --- 3 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.63 轉譯農業科學博士學位學程 NCKU-AS Graduate Program in Translational Agricultural Science --- --- 3 --- --- ● --- --- ● p.63 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under the College of Biosciences & Biotechnology (p. 61-63 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. 跨院之學位學程 Program Interdisciplinary Sustainability Studies 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 全校永續跨域國際碩士 學位學程 International Master Program in Interdisciplinary Sustainability Studies 1 Group A: 一般組 General Interdisciplinary Group B: 前沿量子組 Quantum Frontiers Group C:資安科技組 Cybersecurity Technology Group D:立方衛星組 CubeSat Group E: 韌性智慧能源組 Resilience and Intelligence on Sustainable Energy Research Group F: 生物電子醫學組 Bioelectronic Medicine Group --A: 1 B: 3 C: 20 D: 5 E: 5 F: 3 --- --- ● --- --- x --- p.64 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theProgram Interdisciplinary Sustainability Studies (p.64 ) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 14 敏求智慧運算學院 Miin Wu School of Computing 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 智慧運算碩士學位學程 MS Degree in Intelligent Computing --- 1 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.65 智慧科技系統碩士學位學程 Ms Degree Program on Intelligent Technology Systems Group A: 一般組 General Group Group B:智慧臨床醫學組 Intelligent Clinical Medicine Group --- A : 2 B : 5 --- --- ● --- --- ● --- p.65 備註:請至第65頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theMiin Wu School of Computing (p. 65) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. 智慧半導體及 永續製造學院 Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing 115學年度招生名額 Quota for AY2026/27 115秋季班 2026 Fall 115 春季班 2027 Spring 附加 規定 Add. RB M D B M D B M D 晶片設計學位學程 Program on Integrated Circuit Design --- 3 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.66 半導體製程學位學程 Program on Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology --- 3 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.66 半導體封測學位學程 Program on Semiconductor Packaging and Testing --- 3 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.66 關鍵材料學位學程 Program on Key Materials --- 3 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.67 智慧與永續製造學位學程 Program on Smart and Sustainable Manufacturing --- 3 2 --- ● ● --- ● ● p.67 備註:請至第66-68頁查看各系所之附加規定，申請者須自行確認申請資格後，方可提出申請。 Note: Applicants are required to review the additional requirements of the departments under theAcademy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing (p.66-68) and confirm eligibility before submitting an application. X = NOT OPEN for Application。 B= Bachelor / M= Master / D= Ph.D. ●：全英文授課 Programs taught in English ●：有足夠的英文授課課程可滿足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements ●：提供英文授課課程但尚未滿足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements ●：無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English *實際授課課程請以當學期正式開課為準 The actual courses offered are subject to the official schedule of the semester. 15 系所/學程附加規定  面試 (時間將由系所個別通知):  學士班/碩士班: 視系所需要安排「視訊面試(或以電話方式進行)」或「筆試」，擇優錄取。未配合系 所參與視訊面試者，視同放棄獎學金申請資格。  博士班:申請者須先通過資料審查，經系所擇優通知參加「視訊面試」後，方得錄取。部分系所則規 定，學生申請時須已確認具合適之指導教授，方可錄取，相關規定請依各系所公告為準。  Interview (Schedule will be individually notified by the department):  Undergraduate / Master's Programs: Applicants may be required to take an online interview (or phone interview) or take a written test. Admission will be offered to the most qualified candidates. Applicants who fail to participate in the online interview will be considered as forfeiting their eligibility for scholarships.  Doctoral Program: Applicants must first pass the document review.Those who pass will be notified to participate in an online interview before admission decisions are made. For certain departments or institutes, applicants must secure confirmation from a suitable advisor at the time of application to be considered for admission. Please refer to the specific departmental requirements for details. 1. 文學院 College of Liberal Arts 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 中國文學系 Dept. of Chinese Literature 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)   申請者須具備流利的中文聽說讀寫能力，並 須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B1 (含)級以上 成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或 以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B1 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳 2. 中文留學計畫書(大學部申請者 繳交)/ 中文研究計劃書(碩士、 博士班申請者繳交) 3. 中文學術論文及著作(博士班申 請者繳交) 1. Chinese Autobiography 2. Study Plan in Chinese (for Bachelor degree applicants) /Research Proposal in Chinese (for Master and Doctoral degree applicants) 3. Academic thesis or relevant publications in Chinese (for Doctoral degree applicants). 外國語文學系 Dept. of Foreign Languages & Literature 大 學 部( B)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明，2 年內有效。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本 簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 英文自傳 2. 英文留學計畫書 1. English Autobiography 2. English Study Plan 16 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 外國語文 學系 Dept. of Foreign Languages & Literature 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明 (TOEFL iBT 80分以上之成績單)，2年內有效。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或 以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 碩士班: 非本科系考生，錄取者需依規定至大 學部補修相關專業課程及第二外語課程。 3. 博士班:碩士成績單應具有英美文學或語言學 三科以上相關課程成績。錄取者，需視需要 補修大學部及碩士班專業課程，及大學部第 二外語課程。 1. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above (an official TOEFL iBT score report of 80 or above). Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Master's Program: Applicants from non-Englishrelated majors, if admitted, are required to take supplementary undergraduate professional and second foreign language courses as specified. 3. Doctoral Program: The master's transcript should include at least three courses related to English or American literature or linguistics. Admitted students may be required to take additional undergraduate and/or master's-level designated courses and undergraduate second foreign language courses as needed. 1. 英文自傳 2. 英文留學計畫書 3. Writing Sample 4. 大學歷年成績單(碩班生提供) 5. 碩士成績單(博班生提供) 6. 碩士論文及著作(博班生提供) 備註: 申請者請需標明其申請組別 (文學組或語言學組)。 1. English Autobiography 2. English Study Plan 3. Writing Sample 4. Undergraduate transcripts( for master's program applicants) 5. Master's transcripts (for doctoral program applicants) 6. Master's thesis and publications (for doctoral program applicants) Note: Applicants must indicate their intended program (Literature or Linguistics/TESL). 臺灣文學系 Dept. of Taiwanese Literature 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗 TOCFL B1 (含) 級以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能 力證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡 章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。國 籍為澳大利亞、加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐 西蘭、南非及美國等英語系國家免繳。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B1 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B1 or above. Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States) are exempt. 1. 中文(或台文)自傳 2. 中文(或台文) 研究計畫或相關有 利資料 1. Chinese Autobiography (or in Taiwan Literature) 2. Chinese Research proposal (or in Taiwan Literature) or other supporting documents 1. 文學院 College of Liberal Arts 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 17 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 臺灣文學系 Dept. of Taiwanese Literature 研 究 所( M / D)  甲組語言能力(台灣文學組): 1. 授課語言以華語及台語為主。申請者須具備 流利的中文聽說讀寫能力。申請者須繳交華 語文能力測驗TOCFL B2 (含)級以上成績，或相 當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合測驗 免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。國 籍為澳大利亞、加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐 西蘭、南非及美國等英語系國家免繳。 乙組語言能力(台灣與東南亞研究組): 1. 授課語言以英語或雙語為主，且可跨系選修 文學院各系所開設的英文課程。非英語系國 家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。國籍為澳大利 亞、加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非 及美國等英語系國家免繳。 Group A (Taiwan Literature Studies): 1. The language of instruction is mainly Mandarin and Taiwanese. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt from this requirement. Group B (Taiwan and Southeast Asian Studies): 1. The language of instruction is mainly English or bilingual. Students may also take English-taught courses offered by other departments of the College of Liberal Arts. Applicants from nonEnglish-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt. 1. 自傳 (甲組:中文或台文版/ 乙組: 英文版) 2. 留學計畫書 (甲組:中文或台文 版/ 乙組: 英文版) 3. 研究計畫 (甲組:中文或台文版/ 乙組: 英文版) 4. 碩士論文或其他相關學術著作 (申請博士班者繳交) 1. Autobiography (Group A: in Chinese or Taiwanese / Group B: in English) 2. Study Plan (Group A: in Chinese or Taiwanese / Group B: in English) 3. Research Proposal (Group A: in Chinese or Taiwanese / Group B: in English) 4. Master's Thesis or other academic publications (for doctoral program applicants only) 1. 文學院 College of Liberal Arts 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 18 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 歷史學系 Dept. of History 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2級(含) 以上成績。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗CEFR B1(含)以上，如多益、托福、雅思 等。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above. 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B1 or above, such as TOEIC, TOEFL, or IELTS scores. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書(大學部) 3. 讀書及研究計畫(研究所)*請載名 可能的指導教授 4. 碩士論文(僅申請博士班者繳交) 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan (for undergraduate applicants) Study and Research Plan (for graduate applicants) *Please indicate potential advisor 3. Master's Thesis (required only for doctoral program applicants) 考古學 研究所 Institute of Archaeology 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 本所多數課程為中文授課，申請者須具備流 利的中文聽說讀寫能力。 2. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 級(含) 以上，或同等之中文能力檢定。國家官方語 言為華語之申請者，則可免繳華語能力證明。 3. 碩士班申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上，博士班申請者須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上；之國際通用證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或 以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Most courses are conducted in Chinese. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 2. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 3. Master applicants are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B1 or above, Ph.D. applicants are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B2 or above ; or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 研究計劃書(申請博士班者繳交) 4. 大學及碩士班畢業證書、歷年成 績單(申請博士班者繳交) 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Study and Research Plan (for Ph.D. applicants) 4. Bachelor's and Master's degree diplomas & official transcripts by years (for Ph.D. applicants) 1. 文學院 College of Liberal Arts 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 19 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 戲劇碩士 學位學程 Master Academic Program in Drama 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   課程為全中文授課，申請者須繳交華語文能 力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或相當等 級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合測驗免繳 資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替 代條件規定(p.81)。  All courses are conducted in Chinese, applicants are required to possess good Chinese proficiency in Listening, Reading, Writing and Speaking . Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 手寫中文自傳(600字) 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography (600 words most) 2. Study plan 藝術研究所 Inst. of Art Studies 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   課程為全中文授課，申請者須繳交華語文能 力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或相當等 級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合測驗免繳 資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替 代條件規定(p.81)。  All courses are conducted in Chinese, applicants are required to possess good Chinese proficiency in Listening, Reading, Writing and Speaking . Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 手寫中文自傳(600字) 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography (600 words most) 2. Study plan 1. 文學院 College of Liberal Arts 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 20 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 數學系 Dept. of Mathematics 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B1(含)以上之國際通用證明，國籍為澳 大利亞、加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南 非、美國英語系國家免繳。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate CEFR Level B1 or above. Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt from this requirement. 1. 中文手寫自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 課程為中文授課、英語教材， 申請者須具備良好中文及英文能力。 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in Chinese and English. 應用數學 研究所 Dept. of Applied Mathematics 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B1 (含)以上之國際通用證明，國籍為 澳大利亞、加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、 南非、美國英語系國家免繳。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate CEFR Level B1 or above. Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt from this requirement. 1. 中文手寫自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 課程為中文授課、英語教材， 申請者須具備良好中文及英文能力。 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in Chinese and English. 2. 理學院 College of Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 21 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 物理學系 Dept. of Physics 大 學 部( B)   申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含) 級以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能 力證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡 章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註:課程為中文授課，使用英語教 材，申請者須具備流利的中文語言能 力。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Courses are all conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in Chinese. 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語 文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 大學及碩士成績單(博士班繳交) 備註: 申請者需先行與本系教授聯繫， 以利選定指導教授；博士班申請者則 須先確認指導教授始後得錄取。聯絡 方式請詳見本系網站。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Transcripts of undergraduate and master's studies (required for doctoral applicants) Note: Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Doctoral program applicants must have their advisor confirmed before admission. Contact details are available on the department website. 化學系 Dept. of Chemistry 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 碩士班:須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 級(含) 或同等之中文能力檢定。符合測驗免繳資格者 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。(博士班申請者不需繳交) 2. 碩士班 /博士班 申請者須繳交 英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗 免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件 替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Master applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). PhD applicants are exempt from submission. 2. Master/ PhD applicants from non-Englishspeaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 2. 理學院 College of Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 22 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 地球科學系 Dept. of Earth Sciences 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明(3年內有 效成績)。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B2 or above (taken within the past 3 years). Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 碩士論文或學術著作(博士班申請 者繳交) 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Master's thesis or publications (for Ph.D. applicant) 光電科學與 工程學系 Dept. of Photonics 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合 測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他 文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註:本系大部份課程為中文授課。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese. 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 碩士班申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文 能力證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡 章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合 測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他 文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Only master applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 光電系專任教授指導同意書 備註: 申請碩士、博士班者需附本系 教師之指導同意書，格式請至本系官 網下載。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Acceptance letter for supervisor Note: Applicants for the Master's and Ph.D. programs must submit an acceptance letter for supervisor from a department faculty member. The form can be downloaded from the department's website 2. 理學院 College of Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 23 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 太空與電漿 科學研究所 Inst. of Space & Plasma Sciences 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語 文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 2. 理學院 College of Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 24 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 機械工程 學系 Department of Mechanical Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。國 籍為澳大利亞、加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐 西蘭、南非及美國等英語系國家免繳。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an English proficiency certificate CEFR B1 or above. Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 英文版歷年成績單 備註:申請者須具備流利的中文聽說 讀寫能力。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Official transcripts by years in English Note: Applicants must possess fluent proficiency in listening, speaking, reading, and writing in Chinese. ( M / D) 研 究 所   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。國 籍為澳大利亞、加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐 西蘭、南非及美國等英語系國家免繳。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an English proficiency certificate CEFR B1 or above. Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 英文版大學部歷年成績單(碩士班 繳交) 4. 英文版大學及碩士班歷年成績單 (博士班繳交) 備註:申請者需先行與本系教授溝通， 以利選擇指導教授。聯絡方式請詳見 本系網站。如有本系教師之推薦信, 將增加錄取機會。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Official transcripts of Bachelor's studies in English (for master program applicants) 4. Official transcripts of Bachelor's and Master's studies in English (for Ph.D. program applicants) Note: Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website. A recommendation letter from our department faculty member will be considered as an advantage in the admission process. 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 25 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 化學工程 學系 Dept. of Chemical Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者須繳交兩年內英語文 能力測驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或 以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above(within 2 years). Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1.中文手寫自傳(600字) 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography (Handwritten in Chinese at least 600 words) 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者須繳交兩年內英語文 能力測驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或 以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above(within 2 years). Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 英文版自傳 2. 英文版留學計畫書 3. 專題研究報告或相關學術研究成 果或著作 (碩士班申請者繳交) 4. 英文版碩士全文論文及其他相關 學術著作或研究成果 (博士班申請 者繳交) 5. 英文版本之大學及碩士成績單 (博 士班申請者繳交) 6. 成大化工系指導教授推薦信一封 (博士班申請者繳交) 1. English Autobiography 2. English Study Plan 3. Research project report or other related academic research achievements/publications (for Master's program applicants) 4. Master's thesis in English and other related academic publications or research achievements (for Ph.D. program applicants) 5. Official transcripts of Bachelor's and Master's studies in English (for Ph.D. program applicants) 6. One recommendation letter from a potential advisor in the Department of Chemical Engineering, NCKU (for Ph.D. program applicants) 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 26 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 工程科學系 Dept. of Engineering Science 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合 測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他 文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 系統及船舶 機電工程 學系 Dept. of Systems & Naval Mechatronic Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 27 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 航空太空 工程學系 Dept. of Aeronautics & Astronautics 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 生物醫學 工程學系 Dept. of Biomedical Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 28 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 生物醫學 工程學系 Dept. of Biomedical Engineering 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 生物醫學 工程學系 醫療器材 創新國際 碩士班 Master of The International Institute of Medical Device Innovation (MDI) 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 環境工程學系 Dept. of Environmental Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳(手寫為佳) 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese autobiography (handwritten is preferred) 2. Study plan 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 29 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 環境工程 學系 Dept. of Environmental Engineering 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 博士班申請者以繳交一封成 大環工系指導教授推薦信為佳。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Notes: For Ph.D. program applicants, submitting one Letter of Consent from the Department of Environmental Engineering is recommended. 資源工程 學系 Dept. of Resources Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳(手寫為佳) 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese Autobiography ( please submit in hand-written form) 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2(含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 申請者需先行與本系教授溝通， 以利選擇指導教授。聯絡方式請詳見 本系網站。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Notes: Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 30 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 材料科學及 工程學系 Dept. of Materials Science and Engineering 大 學 部( B)   申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含) 級以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能 力證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡 章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 土木工程 學系 Dept. of Civil Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. Autobiography 4. Study plan 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 31 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 土木工程 學系 Dept. of Civil Engineering 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81) ，惟不接受前一學位為全英文授課 之免繳證明。。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above . Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). Please note that exemption based on a previous degree was fully taught in English is not accepted. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 財團法人國際合作發展基金會 (Taiwan ICDF)獎學金碩士學程申請： (1)須另完成Taiwan ICDF報名程序、(2) 申請者提供報名文件取代財力證明書、 (3)本學程僅接受秋季班入學、(4)申 請者可自由選擇組別。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Notes: About Taiwan ICDF scholarship application (https://tinyurl.com/civilncku): (1) Applicant (for Master Program) also must complete Taiwan ICDF online system. And submit required documents to the embassy. (https://www.icdf.org.tw/wSite/np ?ctNode=31561&mp=2) (2) Applicant can submit registration form of scholarship to replace financial statements. (3) Only for Fall semester enrollment. (4) Applicant is free to choose preference division for application. 水利及海洋 工程學系 Dept. of Hydraulic & Ocean Engineering 大 學 部( B)   本系為中文授課，申請者須具備流利的中文 聽說讀寫能力。申請者須繳交華語文能力測 驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或相當等級之 國際通用中文能力證明。符合測驗免繳資格 者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條 件規定(p.81)。  All courses are conducted in Chinese, applicants are required to possess good proficiency in Chinese. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 32 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 測量及空間 資訊學系 Dept. of Geomatics 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 碩士論文或其他相關學術著作(博 士班申請者繳交) 備註: 申請者需先行與本系教授溝通， 以利選定指導教授。聯絡方式請詳見 本系網站。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Master's thesis and other related publications in English (A Ph.D. applicant should provide ) if available. Note: Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website. 海洋科技與 事務研究所 Inst. of Ocean Technology & Marine Affairs 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 自然災害減 災及管理國 際碩士學位 學程 International Master Program on Natural Hazards Mitigation and Management 研 究 所( M)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 財團法人國際合作發展基金會 (Taiwan ICDF)獎學金碩士學程申請： (1)須另完成Taiwan ICDF報名程序、(2) 申請者提供報名文件取代財力證明書、 (3)本學程僅接受秋季班入學。 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) -下一頁有更多規定及說明 There are more regulations on the next page33 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 自然災害減 災及管理國 際碩士學位 學程 International Master Program on Natural Hazards Mitigation and Management 研 究 所( M)   Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Notes: About Taiwan ICDF scholarship application (https://web.inhmm.ncku.edu.tw/en/? page_id=544 ): (1) Applicant (for Master Program) also must complete Taiwan ICDF online system. And submit required documents to the embassy. (https://www.icdf.org.tw/wSite/np ?ctNode=31561&mp=2) (2) Applicant can submit registration form of scholarship to replace financial statements. (3) Only for Fall semester enrollment. 能源工程 國際學士 國際碩士 國際博士 學位學程 International Bachelor Master Doctoral Degree Program on Energy in Engineering 大 學 部( B)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  臺灣獎學金申請者，需於申請時提出TOCFL B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明；或於抵臺就 讀第一學期内，取得通過測驗之成績，詳細 規定請以「臺灣獎學金作業要點」為準。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81).  Applicants for the Taiwan Scholarship must submit a TOCFL Level B1 or above at the time of application , or obtain a TOCFL B1 or above certificate during first semester in Taiwan. Please refer to the "Taiwan Scholarship Guidelines" for detailed regulations. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3.工學院 College of Engineering 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 34 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 電機工程學系 Dept. of Electrical Engineering 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 資訊工程學系 Dept. of Computer Science & Information Engineering 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 本所指導教授同意書 1. Chinese Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Letter of Consent from a Faculty Advisor 4.電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 35 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 人工智慧科技 碩士學位學程 Graduate Program of Artificial Intelligence 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 (建議以中文撰寫) 2. 留學計畫書 3. 本所指導教授同意書 1. Autobiography (recommended to be written in Chinese) 2. Study plan 3. Letter of Consent from a Faculty Advisor 製造資訊 與系統研究所 Institute of Manufacturing Information & Systems 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計劃書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 微電子工程 研究所 Inst. of Microelectronics 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 4.電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 36 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 通訊工程 研究所 Inst. of Communicatio ns Engineering 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 奈米積體電路 工程碩/博士 學位學程 MS/Ph.D. Degree Program on NanoIntegratedCircuit Engineering 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 醫學資訊 研究所 Inst. of Medical Informatics 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 (建議以中文撰寫) 2. 留學計畫書 3. 本所指導教授同意書 1. Autobiography (recommended to be written in Chinese) 2. Study plan 3. Letter of Consent from a Faculty Advisor 4.電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 37 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 智慧資訊安全 碩士學位學程 M.S. Degree Program on Cyber-Security Intelligence 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 4.電機資訊學院 College of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 38 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 建築學系 Dept. of Architecture 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語文 能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 研究計畫書 3. 作品集(申請碩士班者繳交) 備註: 1. 申請者須在申請件上註明要申請 就讀的組別。 2. 申請者需先行與本系教授溝通， 以利選擇指導教授。聯絡方式請 詳見本系網站。 1. Autobiography 2. Statement of purpose 3. Portfolio (required for master program applicants) Notes: 1. Applicants must choose a research related to your own research field. The name of the research group should be shown on the cover page. 2. Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website 都市計劃 學系 Dept. of Urban Planning 大 學 部( B)   申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含) 級以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能 力證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡 章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 (中文手寫) 2. 留學計畫書 3. 中文課程修課證明 (一年以上) 4. 作品集或其他有利審查資料 備註: 課程為中文授課，申請者須具 備良好中文聽說讀寫能力，且學習中 文課程一年以上。 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Proof of Chinese language coursework (at least one year) 4. Portfolio or other supporting documents beneficial to the review Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese, applicants are required to possess good proficiency in Chinese, and have at least one year of study in Chinese. 5.規劃設計學院 College of Planning and Design 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 39 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 都市計劃 學系 Dept. of Urban Planning 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 碩士班申請者須具備良好中文聽說讀寫能力， 且學習中文課程一年以上。申請者須繳交華語 文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或相當 等級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合測驗免繳 資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代 條件規定(p.81)。 2. 碩士班申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明；博士班申請者須 繳交兩年內英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以 上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可 參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Master's applicants must possess strong Chinese listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills, and have completed at least one year of Chinese language courses. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Master's applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above; Doctoral applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above (within 2 years). Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 (碩士班繳交中文手寫自傳/ 博士班繳交英文自傳) 2. 留學計畫書 3. 大學歷年成績單(博士班申請者須 繳大學及碩士班歷年成績單) 4. 一年以上中文課程修課證明 (碩士 班申請者繳交) 5. 作品集或其他有利審查資料 備註: 申請者需先行與本系教授溝通， 以利選擇指導教授。聯絡方式請詳見 本系網站。 1. Autobiography (Master: a handwritten Chinese version/ Doctoral: an English version) 2. Study plan 3. Undergraduate Transcripts by years (Doctoral: must also submit master's transcripts) 4. One year Proof of Chinese language coursework (required for master's applicants) 5. Portfolio or other supporting documents beneficial to the review Note: Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website 5.規劃設計學院 College of Planning and Design 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 40 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 工業設計 學系 Dept. of Industrial Design 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語文 能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文手寫自傳 2. 作品集 3. 中文課程修課證明 (一年以上) 備註: 課程為中文授課，申請者須具 備良好中文聽說讀寫能力，且學習中 文課程一年以上。 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography 2. Portfolio 3. Proof of Chinese language coursework (at least one year) Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese, applicants are required to possess good proficiency in Chinese, and have at least one year of study in Chinese. 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語 文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 作品集 3. 大學及研究所歷年成績單(博士班 申請者繳交) 4. 讀書及研究計劃書 1. Autobiography 2. Portfolio 3. Transcripts of undergraduate and master's studies (required for Ph.D. applicants) 4. Study plan & Research Plan 創意產業 設計研究 所 Inst. of Creative Industries Design 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語 文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 簡歷 3. 留學計畫書 4. 作品集 備註: 請留意，入學後尚有語文能力 檢定之畢業門檻，該門檻與入學申請 時的語言能力標準不同，詳情請參閱 本所修業規範。 1. Autobiography 2. Resume 3. Study Plan 4. Portfolio Note: Please be aware that there are language proficiency requirements for graduation, which differ from those required for admission. For details, please refer to the program's regulations for degree completion. 5.規劃設計學院 College of Planning and Design 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 41 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 工業與資訊 管理學系 Dept. of Industrial & Information Management 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者可繳交以下英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明，將有利於審查: A. 托福 TOEFL IBT 72以上 B. 多益 New TOEIC 785分以上 C. 全民英檢 中高級以上 D. 雅思 IELTS 5.5以上，且每項成績達5.0以上 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants provide at least one of the following an English proficiency test at CEFR B2 level, which were taken within the preceding two years will be favorable for review. A. Minimum TOEFL iBT at least 72 B. Minimum New TOEIC 785 C. GEPT High-Intermediate Level D. IELTS 5.5, no score less than 5.0 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註:課程大部分為中文授課、英語 教材，申請者須具備流利的中文及英 文能力。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 具備基本中文能力之申請者優先錄取。 2. 申請者需提出至少一項下列英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之成績(近2年內)，符合免 繳資格者，可參考本簡章「免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定」(p.81)，惟不接受前一學位 為英語授課之免繳證明。 A. 托福 TOEFL IBT 72以上 B. 多益 New TOEIC 785分以上 C. 全民英檢 中高級以上 D. 雅思 IELTS 5.5以上，且每項成績達5.0以上 1. Applicants with Chinese proficiency or Chinese lesson credits will be given priority. 2. Applicants are required to submit at least one of the following English proficiency test at CEFR B2 level (within 2 years). Applicants who meet the exemption criteria may refer to the regulations in this brochure on "Exemption or Alternative Documents" (p.81). Please note that exemption based on a previous degree was fully taught in English is not accepted. A. Minimum TOEFL iBT at least 72 B. Minimum New TOEIC score 785 C. GEPT High-Intermediate Level D. IELTS 5.5, no score less than 5.0 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 大學及碩士成績單(博士班申請者 需繳交) 備註: 申請者須於報名截止日前自行 與本所教師聯繫指導事宜，完成視訊 面談並回傳截圖畫面至 nckuiim.admission@gmail.com ，否則 將不具領取獎學金資格，聯絡方式請 詳見本系網站。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Undergraduate and Master's transcripts (required for doctoral program applicants) Note: Applicants are required to contact faculty members regarding potential supervision prior to the application deadline. An online interview must be conducted, and a screenshot of the interview must be submitted to nckuiim.admission@gmail.com . Failure to interview with professors may result in an inability to secure admission and the NCKU scholarship. 6.管理學院 College of Management 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 42 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 資訊管理 研究所 Inst. of Information Management 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 具備基本中文能力之申請者優先錄取。 2. 申請者需提出至少一項下列英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之成績(近2年內)，符合免 繳資格者，可參考本簡章「免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定」(p.81)，惟不接受前一學位 為英語授課之免繳證明。 A. 托福 TOEFL IBT 72以上 B. 多益 New TOEIC 785分以上 C. 全民英檢 中高級以上 D. 雅思 IELTS 5.5以上，且每項成績達5.0以上 1. Applicants with Chinese proficiency or Chinese lesson credits will be given priority. 2. Applicants are required to submit at least one of the following English proficiency test at CEFR B2 level (within 2 years). Applicants who meet the exemption criteria may refer to the regulations in this brochure on "Exemption or Alternative Documents" (p.81). Please note that exemption based on a previous degree was fully taught in English is not accepted. A. Minimum TOEFL iBT at least 72 B. Minimum New TOEIC score 785 C. GEPT High-Intermediate Level D. IELTS 5.5, no score less than 5.0 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 大學及碩士班成績單(僅博士班 申請者需繳交) 備註: 申請者須於報名截止日前自行 與本所教師聯繫指導事宜，完成視訊 面談並回傳截圖畫面至 nckuiim.admission@gmail.com ，否則 將不具領取獎學金資格，聯絡方式請 詳見本系網站。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Undergraduate and Master's transcripts (required for doctoral program applicants) Note: Applicants are required to contact faculty members regarding potential supervision prior to the application deadline. An online interview must be conducted, and a screenshot of the interview must be submitted to nckuiim.admission@gmail.com . Failure to interview with professors may result in an inability to secure admission and the NCKU scholarship. 交通管理 科學系 Dept. of Transportation & Communication Management Science 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合 測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他 文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳 (親筆手寫) 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 1. 研究所申請者需先與本系教授溝 通，以利選擇指導教授。聯絡方 式請見本系網站。 2. 課程大部分為中文授課、英語教 材，申請者須具備良好中文及英 文能力。 1. Chinese Autobiography (handwritten by the applicant) 2. Study plan Notes: 1. Graduate program applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website. 2. Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 6.管理學院 College of Management 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 43 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 電信管理 研究所 Inst. of Telecommunications Management 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳(親筆手寫) 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 1. 申請者需先行與本系教授溝通， 以利選擇指導教授。聯絡方式請 詳見本系網站。 2. 課程大部分為中文授課、英語教 材，申請者須具備良好中文及英 文能力。 1. Chinese Autobiography (handwritten by the applicant) 2. Study plan Notes: 1. Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website 2. Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 國際企業 研究所 Inst. of International Business 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 6.管理學院 College of Management 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 44 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 會計學系 Dept. of Accountancy 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B1 級(含) 以上，或同等之中文能力檢定。國家官方語 言為華語之申請者，可免繳華語能力證明。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1(含)以上，國籍為澳大利亞、加 拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非、美國 等英語系國家免繳。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B1 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants whose official national language is Chinese are exempt from submitting a Chinese proficiency certificate. 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants from English-speaking countries, including Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States, are exempt from submitting an English language proficiency certificate. 1. 英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 本系大部分課程為中文授課、 英語教材，申請者須具備良好的中 文及英文能力。 1. English Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 財務金融 研究所 Inst. of Finance 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B1 級(含) 以上，或同等之中文能力檢定。國家官方語 言為華語之申請者，則可免繳華語能力證明。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗CEFR B1(含)以上，國籍為澳大利亞、加 拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非、美國 等英語系國家免繳。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B1 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants whose official national language is Chinese are exempt from submitting a Chinese proficiency certificate. 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants from English-speaking countries, including Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States, are exempt from submitting an English language proficiency certificate. 1. 英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 本系大部分課程為中文授課、 英語教材，申請者須具備良好的中 文及英文能力。 1. English Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 6.管理學院 College of Management 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 45 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 統計與資料 科學學系 Dept. of Statistics and Data Science 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 其他有利審查文件 (僅申請研究 所者需繳交) 備註: 本系大部分課程為中文授課、 英語教材，申請者須具備良好的中文 及英文能力。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Other supporting documents beneficial for review(required for graduate program applicants) Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 國際經營 管理研究所 Inst. of International Management (IMBA) 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語 文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)，惟不接 受前一學位為全英文授課之免繳證明。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). Please note that exemption based on a previous degree was fully taught in English is not accepted. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 6.管理學院 College of Management 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 46 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 體育健康 與休閒研究所 Inst. of Physical Education , Health and Leisure Studies 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗 TOCFL A2 (含) 級以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能 力證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡 章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文及英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 運動科學、健康促進及休閒研究 相關之研究計畫(內容應包含研 究課題、研究動機、研究問題與 研究計畫，限2頁內)。 4. 其他有利審查文件 備註：本所大部分課程為中文授課、 英語教材，申請者須具備良好中文及 英文能力。 1. Autobiography in Chinese and English 2. Study plan 3. A research plan related to exercise science, health promotion, and leisure studies. (The plan should include the research topic, motivation, research questions, and research plan, and be limited to two pages.) 4. Other supporting documents beneficial for review Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 數據科學 研究所 Inst. of Data Science 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 本系大部分課程為中文授課。申請者須繳交 華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或 相當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他 文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 其他有利審查文件 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Other supporting documents beneficial for review. 6.管理學院 College of Management 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 47 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 企業管理學系 Dept. of Business Administration 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B1 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B1 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 大學畢業證書(博士班者須繳交) 4. 大學成績單(博士班者須繳交) 備註:課程大部分為中文授課、英語 教材，申請者須具備良好中文及英 文能力。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Bachelor's Diploma (Applicants for the doctoral program must submit) 4. Bachelor Degree Transcript (Applicants for the doctoral program must submit) Note: Most courses are conducted in Chinese with English teaching materials. Applicants are required to possess good proficiency in both Chinese and English. 6.管理學院 College of Management 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 48 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 醫學系 School of Medicine 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文及英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 高中成績單 (須有在校每學期修 讀課程成績、班及校排名，並附 上成績評分標準對照表。如成績 單為中英文以外之語文，需另檢 附經公證之英文譯本。) 1. Autobiography (in both Chinese and in English) 2. Study plan 3. High school official transcript(s) by years: it should include grades for every semester, class rank and school rank, the grading system must also be included. If it is not in Chinese or English, it should be accompanied by a notarized Chinese or English translation. 藥學系 School of Pharmacy 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文手寫自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography 2. Study plan 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 49 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 護理學系 Dept. of Nursing 研 究 所 博 士 班( D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 個人簡歷 2. 自傳 3. 留學計畫書 4. 一年全職護理工作證明 5. 護理師執照(無護理師證照制度 國家之申請者免提供)。 備註: 春季班限泰國瑪希敦大學雙 聯學位生申請。 1. Personal CV 2. Autobiography 3. Study plan 4. One year full-time working experience in the nursing field (teaching or clinical practice) 5. RN license required, exclude those countries do not operate RN system Notes: For Spring semester, ONLY students from Mahidol University, Thailand with dual degree can apply. 物理治療學系 Dept. of Physical Therapy 大 學 部( B)  1. 學士班以中文授課。申請者須繳交華語文能力 測驗TOCFL C1(含)以上成績，或相當等級之國際 通用中文能力證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可 參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)以上 之國際通用證明。英語系國家(限澳大利亞、加 拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非及美國)之 申請者，可免繳檢定證明。 1. Undergraduate program is conducted in Chinese. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL C1 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants are required to submit an English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B2 or above. Applicants from English-speaking countries (Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States) are exempt. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 50 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 物理治療學系 Dept. of Physical Therapy 研 究 所( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2(含)以上 成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)以上 之國際通用證明。英語系國家(限澳大利亞、加 拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非及美國)之 申請者，可免繳檢定證明。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants are required to submit an English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B2 or above. Applicants from English-speaking countries (Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States) are exempt. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 環境醫學 研究所 Dept. of Environmental and Occupational Health 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 51 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 醫學檢驗生物 技術學系 Dept. of Medical Laboratory Science and Biotechnology 大 學 部、 碩 士 班 ( B、 M)  1. 大學部課程以中文授課為主。申請者須繳交 華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或 相當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他 文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. All undergraduate courses are mainly taught in Chinese. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文及英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography (written in Chinese and English) 2. Study plan 細胞生物與解 剖學研究所 Dept. of Cell Biology & Anatomy 研 究 所( M)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 52 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 生物化學暨 分子生物學 研究所 Dept. of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology 研 究 所( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 健康照護科 學研究所 Inst. of Allied Health Sciences 研 究 所 博 士 班( D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級 以上之國際通用證明。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 碩士論文 4. 本所教師同意指導接受信，或擬 進修領域之指導教授名單1-3名 5. 一年健康照護相關工作證明(如： 物理治療師、職能治療師、臨床 心理師等) 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Master's thesis 4. Letter of Consent from our inst. Advisor or a list of 1-3 potential supervisors in the intended field of study. 5. Proof of at least one year of work experience in the Allied Health Sciences field either teaching or clinical practice (e.g., physical therapist, occupational therapist, clinical psychologist, etc.) 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 53 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 藥理學研究所 Dept. of Pharmacology 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)以 上之國際通用證明。英語系國家(限澳大利亞、 加拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非及美 國)之申請者，可免繳檢定證明。  Applicants are required to submit an English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B2 or above. Applicants from English-speaking countries (Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States) are exempt. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 口腔醫學 研究所 Inst. of Oral Medicine 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 分子醫學 研究所 Inst. of Molecular Medicine 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 54 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 臨床醫學 研究所 Inst. of Clinical Medicine 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交近2年內有效 之英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2(含)以上之國際通 用證明。來自英語系國家(限澳大利亞、加拿 大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非、美國)或 曾於前述國家求學並取得大學以上學位者， 可免繳證明。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide a English language proficiency CEFR B2 or above with a test taken within the last two years. Applicants from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US), or those who have obtained a bachelor's degree or above in these countries, are exempt from this requirement.  研究計劃書。 備註: 碩士班之必修專題討論課程， 將依學生實際語文能力情況安排至 博班專題討論課程(英語授課)修讀。  Research Proposal. Note: The required seminar course for the master's program will be arranged based on the student's language proficiency. Students may be assigned to take the doctoral-level seminar course conducted in English. 生理學科暨 研究所 Dept. of Physiology 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 英文自傳 2. 英文留學計畫書 3. 英文研究計畫 4. 生物醫學相關背景相關資料 1. English Autobiography 2. English Study plan 3. English Research Proposal 4. Supporting documents related to Biomedical background. 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 55 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 微生物及免疫 學研究所 Dept. of Microbiology and Immunology 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2(含)以上 成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)以上 之國際通用證明。英語系國家(限澳大利亞、加 拿大、英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非及美國)之 申請者，可免繳檢定證明。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants are required to submit an English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B2 or above. Applicants from English-speaking countries (Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States) are exempt. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 臨床藥學與藥 物科技研究所 Inst. of Clinical Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 僅碩士班臨床藥學與藥物流病組申請者須繳 交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B2 (含)級以上成績， 或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合 測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其 他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。其他組別無中文 檢定要求。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. For Division of Clinical Pharmacy and Pharmacoepidemiology (Master), applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). Other divisions don't have requirement for Chinese test. 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 56 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 行為醫學 研究所 Inst. of Behavioral Medicine 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 公共衛生學系 Dept. of Public Health 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合 測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他 文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. (大學部) 臺灣獎學金申請者，需於申請時提出 TOCFL B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明；或於抵 臺就讀第一學期内，取得通過測驗之成績，詳 細規定請以「臺灣獎學金作業要點」為準。 1. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. (Undergraduate) Applicants for the Taiwan Scholarship must submit a TOCFL Level B1 or above at the time of application, or obtain a TOCFL B1 or above certificate during first semester in Taiwan. Please refer to the "Taiwan Scholarship Guidelines" for detailed regulations. 1. 英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 本系教師同意指導信，或擬進修 領域之指導教授名單1-3名(博士班 申請者繳交) 備註: 指導教授聯絡方式請詳見本系 網站。 1. English Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Letter of Consent from our dept. Advisor or a list of 1-3 potential supervisors in the intended field of study. (Required for PhD applicant) Note: Advisor's contact details are available on our department's website. 食品安全衛生 暨風險管理 研究所 Dept. of Food Safety / Hygiene and Risk Management 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符合測 驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文 件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. English Autobiography 2. Study plan 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 57 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 基礎醫學 研究所 Inst. of Basic Medical Sciences 研 究 所 博 士 班( D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 英文個人簡歷 2. 英文自傳 3. 英文留學計畫書 1. English CV 2. English Autobiography 3. English Study plan 職能治療學系 Dept. of Occupational Therapy 研 究 所( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 大學部職能治療學系畢業證書 2. 自傳 3. 留學計畫書 4. 論文著作 5. 其他有利審查資料 備註: 申請者大學就讀科系必須是職 能治療學系且畢業。 1. Bachelor's degree in occupational Therapy(required). 2. Autobiography 3. Study plan 4. Publication or Thesis (optional) 5. Further information in support of application(optional) Notes: Applicants must have graduated with a bachelor's degree in Occupational Therapy. 老年學研究所 Inst. of Gerontology 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文及英文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 老年學相關研究計劃(含研究課題、 研究動機、研究問題和計劃，以2 頁為限)。 1. Chinese and English Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Research plan related to gerontology (the contents should include research topic, research motivation, and research questions and plans. The proposal limited to 2 pages). 7.醫學院 College of Medicine 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 58 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 政治學系 Dept. of Political Science 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2(含)以上。符合測驗免繳資格者，可 參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized an English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 英文自傳及中文手寫自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography (both an English autobiography and a handwritten Chinese autobiography) 2. Study plan 政治學系 政治經濟學 碩博士班 Master (PhD) Program of Political Economy, Department of Political Science 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須具備流利的中文聽說讀寫能力。申 請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以 上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants must possess fluent proficiency in listening, speaking, reading, and writing in Chinese. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 8. 社會科學學院 College of Social Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 59 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 經濟學系 Dept. of Economics 大 學 部、 碩 士 班( B / M)  1. 申請者須具備流利的中文聽說讀寫能力。申 請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以 上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1(含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者,可參考本簡章免繳或以其 他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants must possess fluent proficiency in listening, speaking, reading, and writing in Chinese. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate at CEFR Level B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 任一項必繳資料缺件則不予 審查。 1. Chinese Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Applications with any missing required documents will not be reviewed. 心理學系 Dept. of Psychology 大 學 部、 研 究 所( B / M / D)  1. 學士班申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL B1 (含)級以上成績，碩、博士班申請者須繳交華 語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級以上成績，或相 當等級之國際通用中文能力證明。符合測驗免 繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替 代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語文 能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。 符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Bachelor applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL B1 or above, Master and Ph.D. applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above; or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 8. 社會科學學院 College of Social Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 60 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 教育研究所 Inst. of Education 研 究 所( M / D)   申請者須具備流利的中文聽說讀寫能力。申 請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants must possess fluent proficiency in listening, speaking, reading, and writing in Chinese. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文手寫自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Chinese Handwritten Autobiography 2. Study plan 法律學系 Dept. of Law 研 究 所( M / D)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力 證明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明。符 合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 中文自傳 2. 讀書及研究計畫書 備註: 1. 碩士班限大學法律相關學系畢業 而獲有學士學位或具同等學力者； 博士班限獲有與法律學相關之碩 士學位或具同等學力者。 2. 獲錄取者，僅限選擇本系公法組、 民法組（含財經法）或刑法組， 報考時請於「讀書及研究計畫書」 中註明報考組別。 1. Chinese Autobiography 2. Study and Research Proposal Notes: 1. Master's Program: Every applicant must have earned a first law degree. Doctoral Program: Every applicant must have earned a LL.M. degree. 2. Admitted applicants may choose one of the three Programs to enroll, the Public Law Program, the Civil and Business Law Program(including Financial and Economic Law), and the Criminal Law Program. Applicants must specify which Program they apply for on their "Study and Research Proposal". 8. 社會科學學院 College of Social Science 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 61 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 生命科學系 Dept. of Life Sciences 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交 英語文 能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證明 符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   非英語系國家之申請者，申請者須繳交英語 文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 9. 生物科學與科技學院 College of Biosciences & Biotechnology 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 62 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 生物科技與 產業科學系 Dept. of Biotechnology and Bioindustry Sciences 大 學 部( B)  1. 申請者須繳交華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含)級 以上成績，或相當等級之國際通用中文能力證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳 或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。 2. 本系部份課程採 EMI (English as Medium of Instruction)授課，國籍為澳大利亞、加拿大、 英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非、美國之申請者 可免繳英語文能力測驗證明，其餘申請者須繳 交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際 通用證明(如托福、多益、雅思)。 1. Applicants are required to provide a Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 2. Some courses in this department are offered in EMI (English as a Medium of Instruction). Applicants whose nationality is from Englishspeaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt from submitting an English proficiency certificate. Applicants from other countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above (such as TOEFL, TOEIC, or IELTS). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 研 究 所( M / D)   本系部份課程採 EMI (English as Medium of Instruction)授課，國籍為澳大利亞、加拿大、 英國、愛爾蘭、紐西蘭、南非、美國之申請 者可免繳英語文能力測驗證明，其餘申請者 須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之 國際通用證明(如托福、多益、雅思)。  Required courses and some elective courses in Master and Ph.D. program are taught in EMI (English as Medium of Instruction). Applicants whose nationality is from English-speaking countries (limited to Australia, Canada, the UK, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and the US) are exempt from submitting an English proficiency certificate. Applicants from other countries are required to submit an internationally recognized English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above (such as TOEFL, TOEIC, or IELTS). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 9. 生物科學與科技學院 College of Biosciences & Biotechnology 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 63 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 熱帶植物與 微生物科學 研究所 Inst. of Tropical Plant Sciences and Microbiology 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   非英語系國家之申請者 ，申請者須繳交 英語 文能力測驗 CEFR B1 (含)級以上之國際通用證 明。符合測驗免繳資格者 ，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B1 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 轉譯農業科 學博士學位 學程 NCKU-AS Graduate Program in Translational Agricultural Sciences 研 究 所 博 士 班( D)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含) 以上之國際通用證明(限托福、多益、雅思、 全民英檢)。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考 本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。  Applicants are required to submit an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above, limited to TOEFL, TOEIC, IELTS, or GEPT. Applicants who meet the exemption criteria may refer to the regulations on "Exemption or Alternative Documents" (p.81). 1. 自傳及簡歷 2. 留學計畫書 (英文版) 3. 大學部及研究所成績單 4. 其他有助審查資料 備註 : 申請者請先行與學程教授溝通， 以確認入學後能找到合適之指導教 授。聯絡方式請見本學程網頁。 1. Autobiography & Curriculum Vitae (CV) 2. Study plan (English) 3. Undergraduate and Graduate degree transcripts 4. Other supporting documents beneficial for the review. Note: Applicants should contact faculty members in advance to confirm a potential advisor. Contact details are available on the department website. 9. 生物科學與科技學院 College of Biosciences & Biotechnology 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 64 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 全校永續跨域 國際碩士學位 學程 International Master Program in Interdisciplinary Sustainability Studies 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)  申請《 一般組》 、 《 前沿量子 組》、《資安科技組 》、《立方 衛星組》 、《韌性智慧能源組 》 及《生物電子醫學組 》者皆需符 合以下規定： 1. 非英語系國家之申請者， 須提 供2年內達 (含)CEFR B2級以上 之聽說讀寫四項英語能力檢定 證明(達CEFR C1等級以上者 ， 可提供 5年內之證明 )。英語能 力檢定證明僅限托福 、多益、 雅思、全民英檢 、培力英檢證 明。 2. 符合其他語言能力測驗免繳資 格者，請參閱本簡章免繳或以 其他文件替代條件之相關規定 (p.81) ，提供其他語言能力替 代證明。 Applicants for 《General Interdisciplinary Group》, 《Quantum Frontiers Group》, 《Cybersecurity Technology Group》, 《CubeSat Group》, 《Resilience and Intelligence on Sustainable Energy Research Group》,《Bioelectronic Medicine Group》must meet the following requirements: 1. Applicants from non-Englishspeaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 level or above (covering listening, speaking, reading, and writing) obtained within two years. Applicants who have achieved CEFR C1 level or above may submit a certificate obtained within five years. Accepted English proficiency tests are limited to TOEFL, TOEIC, IELTS, GEPT, or BESTEP. 2. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements for other language proficiency tests may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81) and provide alternative proof of language proficiency. 申請《一般組》、《前沿量子組》、《資安科技 組》、《立方衛星組》、《韌性智慧能源組》及 《生物電子醫學組》者需繳交以下資料： 1. 自傳 2. 研究計畫書 3. 其他有助審查資料 Applicants for《General Interdisciplinary Group》, 《Quantum Frontiers Group》, 《Cybersecurity Technology Group》, 《CubeSat Group》, 《Resilience and Intelligence on Sustainable Energy Research Group》 and 《Bioelectronic Medicine Group》are required to submit the following documents: 1. Autobiography 2. Study and Research Plan 3. Other supporting documents 備註: 1. 申請《前沿量子組》者須先與本組教授聯繫， 以確認入學後能找到合適之指導教授，聯絡方式 請見本學程網站。 2. 申請《資安科技組》者需至少具備一項程式語言 之撰寫能力，如C/C++、Python、Java或其他。  大學時需修過資料結構課程(演算法尤佳)。 另，須至少修過以下其中一門或相關課程: 1. 計算機結構、2.作業系統、3.電腦網路/分 散式系統、4.資料庫系統、5.程式語言、6. AI/機器學習/計算機視覺/自然語言處理、7. 密碼學 3. 申請《韌性智慧能源組》者需具備工程或理學相 關領域之大學學歷。 Notes: 1. Applicants for《Quantum Frontiers Group》should contact faculty members in advance to ensure the availability of a suitable advisor upon admission. Contact details are available on the program website. 2. The applicant for《Cybersecurity Technology Group》is required to have a basic ability in programming, such as C/C++, Python or Java, etc., at least one of the abilities.  Applicants must have completed a Data Structures course (preferably Algorithms) during undergraduate studies . Applicants must have taken at least one of the following or a related course: 1. Computer Architecture、2.Operating System、 3. Computer Network/ Distributed System、4. Database system、5. Programming Language、 6. AI/ Machine Learning/ Computer vision/ Natural Language Processing、7. Cryptography 3. Applicants for《Resilience and Intelligence on Sustainable Energy Research Group》must possess a bachelor's degree in an engineering or sciencerelated discipline. 10. 跨院之學位學程 Program Interdisciplinary Sustainability Studies 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 65 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 智慧運算 碩士學位 學程 MS Degree in Intelligent Computing 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   申請者需繳交以下國際通用 語言能力成績。符合測驗免 繳資格者，可參考本簡章免 繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。 1. 華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2 (含) 級以上 2. 英語文能力測驗 CEFR B2 (含) 級以上  Applicants are required to provide the below internationally recognized language proficiency certificates of equivalent level. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. Chinese proficiency certificate TOCFL A2 or above 2. English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 專題報告、作品或有助審查文件 備註:申請者至少需具備一項程式語言的撰寫能力， 如Python、C/C++/C#、Java、R或Matlab等。就讀電 資、科學、工程、數學及統計等領域之相關科系或 具備跨領域研究專長尤佳。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Project report, portfolio, or other supporting documents for the review. Note: The applicant is required to have a basic ability in programming, such as Python, C/C++/C#, Java, R or Matlab, etc., at least one of the abilities.Applicants with academic backgrounds in electrical engineering, computer science, natural sciences, engineering, mathematics, or statistics, or those with interdisciplinary research expertise, are especially preferred. 智慧科技 系統碩士 學位學程 MS Degree Program on Intelligent Technology Systems 研 究 所 碩 士 班( M)   申請者須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際 通用證明。符合測驗免繳資 格者，可參考本簡章免繳或 以其他文件替代條件規定 (p.81)。  Applicants from non-Englishspeaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 3. 專題報告、作品或有助審查文件 備註: 申請《一般組》者至少需具備一項程式語言的撰 寫能力，如Python、C/C++/C#、Java、R或Matlab等。 就讀電資、科學、工程、數學及統計等領域之相關科 系或具備跨領域研究專長尤佳。 申請《智慧臨床醫學組》者須就讀醫學科系且具備該 國醫師執照。以具骨科(脊椎外科)或神經外科專科醫 療背景、有程式語言撰寫能力，如Python、C/C++/C#、 Java、R或Matlab等，尤佳。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 3. Project report, portfolio, or other supporting documents for the review. Note: The applicant for《General Group》is required to have a basic ability in programming, such as Python, C/C++/C#, Java, R or Matlab, etc., at least one of the abilities. Applicants with academic backgrounds in electrical engineering, computer science, natural sciences, engineering, mathematics, or statistics, or those with interdisciplinary research expertise, are especially preferred. The applicant for《Intelligent Clinical Medicine Group》 must be enrolled in a medical-related field and hold a valid medical license in their country of practice. Proficiency in orthopedics (spinal surgery) or neurosurgery, and in programming languages, such as Python, C/C++/C #, Java, R, or MATLAB, is highly preferred. 11. 敏求智慧運算院 Miin Wu School of Computing 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 66 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 晶片設計學 位學程 Program on Integrated Circuit Design 研 究 所( M、 D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳國際通用證明 之英語文能力測驗。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。英語文能力測驗證明如: A. TOEFL/IBT托福 94分以上 B. New TOEIC 940分以上 C. 全民英檢高級 以上 D. IELTS 6.5以上，且每項成績需達 6.0  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate. Applicants who meet the exemption criteria may refer to the regulations on "Exemption or Alternative Documents" (p.81). Applicants are required to provide at least one of the following English proficiency certificates: A. Minimum TOEFL score of iBT at least 94 B. Minimum New TOEIC score 940 C. GEPT Advanced Level Above D. IELTS 6.5, and every section rank no less than 6.0 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 半導體製程 學位學程 Program on Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology 研 究 所( M、 D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳國際通用證明 之英語文能力測驗。符合測驗免繳資格者， 可參考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規 定(p.81)。英語文能力測驗證明如: A. TOEFL/IBT托福 94分以上 B. New TOEIC 940分以上 C. 全民英檢高級 以上 D. IELTS 6.5以上，且每項成績需達 6.0  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate. Applicants who meet the exemption criteria may refer to the regulations on "Exemption or Alternative Documents" (p.81). Applicants are required to provide at least one of the following English proficiency certificates: A. Minimum TOEFL score of iBT at least 94 B. Minimum New TOEIC score 940 C. GEPT Advanced Level Above D. IELTS 6.5, and every section rank no less than 6.0 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan 12.智慧半導體及永續製造學院 Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 67 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 半導體封測 學位學程 Program on Semiconductor Packaging and Testing 研 究 所( M、 D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力測 驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明(近兩年 內有效) 。符合測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章 免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。英語文 能力測驗證明限以下類別: A. OOPT 61分以上 B. TOEFL iBT 72分以上、或TOEFL ITP 543分以上 C. TOEIC 785分以上 或 TOEIC SW310分以上 D. GEPT 全民英檢中高級 E. IELTS 5.5級以上 F. Cambridge Main Suite First(FCE) G. BULATS 60分以上  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above (valid within the past two years). Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). Applicants are required to provide at least one of the following English proficiency certificates: A. OOPT 61 or above B. TOEFL iBT 72 or above / TOEFL ITP 543 or above C. TOEIC 785 or above / TOEIC SW310 or above D. GEPT High-Intermediate level E. IELTS 5.5 or above F. Cambridge Main Suite: First(FCE) G. BULATS 60 or above 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 請申請者先透過本學程網站與 教授溝通，以確定入學後能找到合 適的指導教授。如有本學程教師之 推薦信，將增加錄取機會。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Applicants are required to contact professors through the program website in advance to ensure the availability of a suitable advisor upon admission. A recommendation letter from a faculty member will be considered an advantage in the admission process. 關鍵材料 學位學程 Program on Key Materials 研 究 所( M、 D)   非英語系國家之申請者，需繳國際通用證明之 英語文能力測驗 ，符合測驗免繳資格者，可參 考本簡章免繳或以其他文件替代條件規定(p.81)， 英語文能力測驗證明限以下類別(近兩年內有效): A. OOPT 61分以上 B. TOEFL iBT 72分以上、或TOEFL ITP 543分以上 C. TOEIC 785分以上 或 TOEIC SW310分以上 D. GEPT 全民英檢中高級 E. IELTS 5.5級以上 F. Cambridge Main Suite First(FCE) G. BULATS 60分以上  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate. Applicants who meet the exemption criteria may refer to the regulations on "Exemption or Alternative Documents" (p.81). Applicants are required to provide at least one of the following English proficiency certificates(valid within two years): A. OOPT 61 or above B. TOEFL iBT 72 or above / TOEFL ITP 543 or above C. TOEIC 785 or above / TOEIC SW310 or above D. GEPT High-Intermediate level E. IELTS 5.5 or above F. Cambridge Main Suite: First(FCE) G. BULATS 60 or above 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 請申請者先透過本學程網站與 教授溝通，以確定入學後能找到合 適的指導教授。如有本學程教師之 推薦信，將增加錄取機會。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Applicants are required to contact professors through the program website in advance to ensure the availability of a suitable advisor upon admission. A recommendation letter from a faculty member will be considered an advantage in the admission process. 12.智慧半導體及永續製造學院 Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 68 系所 Dept./Inst 學位 Degree 面試 Interview 語言能力 Language Proficiency 申請文件 Requirements Documents 智慧與永續製 造學位學程 Program on Smart and Sustainable Manufacturing 研 究 所( M、 D)   非英語系國家之申請者，須繳交英語文能力 測驗 CEFR B2 (含)級以上之國際通用證明符合 測驗免繳資格者，可參考本簡章免繳或以其 他文件替代條件規定(p.81)。英語文能力測驗 證明限以下類別 (近兩年內有效) : A. OOPT 61分以上 B. TOEFL iBT 72分以上、或TOEFL ITP 543分以上 C. TOEIC 785分以上 或 TOEIC SW310分以上 D. GEPT 全民英檢中高級 E. IELTS 5.5級以上 F. Cambridge Main Suite First(FCE) G. BULATS 60分以上  Applicants from non-English-speaking countries are required to provide an English proficiency certificate at CEFR B2 or above. Applicants who meet the exemption requirements may refer to the regulations on "Application procedures and regulations" (p.81). English proficiency test are limited to the following (valid within two years): A. OOPT 61 or above B. TOEFL iBT 72 or above / TOEFL ITP 543 or above C. TOEIC 785 or above / TOEIC SW310 or above D. GEPT High-Intermediate level E. IELTS 5.5 or above F. Cambridge Main Suite: First(FCE) G. BULATS 60 or above 1. 自傳 2. 留學計畫書 備註: 請申請者先透過本學程網站與 教授溝通，以確定入學後能找到合 適的指導教授。如有本學程教師之 推薦信，將增加錄取機會。 1. Autobiography 2. Study plan Note: Applicants are required to contact professors through the program website in advance to ensure the availability of a suitable advisor upon admission. A recommendation letter from a faculty member will be considered an advantage in the admission process. 12.智慧半導體及永續製造學院 Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing 系所附加規定 Additional Requirements of Dept./Inst 面試時間將由系所個別通知(p.15)/Interview Schedule will be individually notified by the department(P.15) 學費收退費及其他費用 備註:  除了學（雜）費和學分費之外，學校其他費用為平安保險費、健保費等。  書籍費則依所修習的課程與出版商的訂價而有不同；生活費方面依個人花費有所不同。  如資訊有修正，請參考本校註冊組網站( https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/index.php )並以網站公告為主。  MOFA臺灣獎學金受獎生之學費將比照本地學生，學費收費標準請見以下連結： https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-1041-5424.php?Lang=zh-tw Notes:  Compulsory fees include Students Accident Insurance, National Health Insurance, etc.  Book costs are at the student's expense and vary from program to program. Living costs vary depending on individual living styles.  If any revisions occur, please give priority to the announcement made on the Registrar Division website, Office of Academic Affairs at https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/?Lang=en  If you are the Taiwan scholarship recipient sponsored by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the tuition will follow that of the local students. Please refer to the website at https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-10415424.php?Lang=en  115學年度外國學生學雜費收費標準尚未公告，正式外國學生學雜費收費標準請一律以本校註冊 組公告為準。請先參考下表114學年度收費標準。  The tuition and miscellaneous fees for international students for the Fall 2026/Spring 2027 have not yet been announced. The official tuition and miscellaneous fees for international students are subject to the announcement by NCKU's Registration Division. Please refer to the AY2025/2026 rates in the table below as a reference. A. 114學年度學士班外國學生和大陸地區學生學雜費收費標準表(僅供參考) NCKU Tuition and Miscellaneous Fees in AY2025/2026 for International Students and Mainland Chinese Students in Undergraduate Programs (for reference only) ※Freshmen are required to pay a NT$1,200 Internet usage fee for the first semester and a NT$600 languagelab fee (totaling NT$1,200 for first and second semesters). 69 備註:  除了學（雜）費和學分費之外，學校其他費用為平安保險費、健保費等。  書籍費則依所修習的課程與出版商的訂價而有不同；生活費方面依個人花費有所不同。  如相關資訊有修正，請參考本校註冊組網站( https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/index.php )並以網站公告為 主。  MOFA臺灣獎學金受獎生之學費將比照本地學生，學費收費標準請見以下連結： https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-1041-5424.php?Lang=zh-tw Note: • Compulsory fees include Students Accident Insurance, National Health Insurance, etc. • Book costs are at the student's expense and vary from program to program; living costs vary depending on individual living styles. • If any revisions occur, please give priority to the announcement made on the Registrar Division website, Office of Academic Affairs at https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/?Lang=en • If you are the Taiwan scholarship recipient sponsored by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the tuition will follow that of the local students. Please refer to the website at https://reg-acad.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-10415424.php?Lang=en B. 114學年度碩博班外國學生和大陸地區學生學雜費收費標準表(僅供參考) NCKU Tuition Fees and Miscellaneous Fees in AY2025/2026 for Foreign Students and Mainland Chinese Students in Master's and Doctoral Programs (for reference only) 70 ※112年2月(含)以後入學之碩博士新生依本表收費，前4學期(不含休學)收取學雜費含基本學分費，第五 學期起僅收學雜費基數。 Master's and doctoral students who enroll in or after February 2023 will be charged according to this table. In the first four semesters (not including suspension) , students will need to pay the tuition and basic credit fees. From the fifth semester on, students will only need to pay the tuition fee. ※新生第一學期需繳交新生網路使用費1,200元。 Newly-enrolled students have to pay the internet usage fee of NT$1,200. ※111年9月以前入學之碩博士舊生維持二階段收費，第一階段繳學雜費基數、第二階段繳交學分費(每 學分2,400元)。 Master's and doctoral students enrolled before September 2022 will continue to be charged based on two stages. Students will need to pay the tuition fee during the first stage, and pay the credit fee during the second stage. The credit fee is NT$2,400. ※經營管理碩士學位學程(AMBA)學生學雜費基數為34,740元，學分費每學分為7,500元。 For AMBA students, tuition fees(per semester) is NT34,740, per credit fee is NT7,500元。 ※跨領域神經科學博士學位學程學生採本地生收費標準 Ph.D. students in the Taiwan International Graduate Program in Interdisciplinary Neuroscience (TIGP) will be charged according to local student standard fees. 71 國立成功大學學雜費退費基準表 學生休、退學時間 學費、雜費退費比例 備註 一、註冊日（包括當日）前申 請休退學者 免繳費，已收費者，全額退費 二、於註冊日之次日起至上課 （開學）日之前一日申請 休、退學者 學費退還三分之二，雜費全部 退還 其採學分學雜費或學雜費基數核算 者，退還學分費全部、學雜費基數 （或學分學雜費）三分之二 三、於上課（開學）日（包括 當日）之後而未逾學期三 分之一申請休、退學者 學費、雜費退還三分之二 其採學分學雜費或學雜費基數核算 者，退還學分費、學雜費基數（或 學分學雜費）各三分之二 四、於上課（開學）日（包括 當日）之後逾學期三分之 一，而未逾學期三分之二 申請休、退學者 學費、雜費退還三分之一 其採學分學雜費或學雜費基數核算 者，退還學分費、學雜費基數（或 學分學雜費）各三分之一 五、於上課（開學）日（包括 當日）之後逾學期三分之 二申請休、退學者 所繳學費、雜費，不予退還 備註： 1. 表列註冊日、上課（開學）日及學期之計算等，依各校正式公告之行事曆認定之；本校 未明定註冊日者，以註冊繳費截止日為註冊日。 2. 學生申請休學或自動退學者，其休、退學時間應依學生（或家長）向本校受理單位正式 提出休、退學申請之日為計算基準日；其屬勒令退學者，退學時間應依本校退學通知送 達之日為計算基準日。但因進行退學申復（訴）而繼續留校上課者，以實際離校日為計 算基準日。 3. 休、退學之學生應於本校規定期限內完成離校手續；其有因可歸責學生之因素而延宕相 關程序者，以實際離校日為計算基準日。 4. 各校不得於本校行事曆所定該學期開始日前預收任何費用。 資料來源: 教育部-專科以上學校學雜費收取辦法 https://law.moj.gov.tw/LawClass/LawAll.aspx?PCode=H0030043 72 NCKU Tuition and Miscellaneous Fee Standard Refund Policy Time of student suspension and withdrawal Tuition and miscellaneous fee refund rate Remark 1. Apply for suspension or withdrawal before the registration date (inclusive). No payment required; full refund for those charged. 2. Apply for suspension or withdraw on the following day of registration date to the day before the first day of classes. Tuition fees are refunded by twothirds, and miscellaneous fees refunded in full. If the credit and miscellaneous fee or basic tuition fee is calculated, the full credit fee and two-thirds of the basic tuition fee (or credit and miscellaneous fees) will be refunded. 3. Apply for suspension or withdrawal from the first day of classes (inclusive) but not exceed one-third of the semester. Two-thirds amount of tuition and miscellaneous fees is refundable. If the credit and miscellaneous fee or basic tuition fee is calculated, twothirds of the credit fee and two-thirds of the basic tuition fee (or credit and miscellaneous fees) will be refunded. 4. Apply for suspension or withdrawal from the first day of classes (inclusive), exceeds one-third of the semester and yet two-thirds of the semester. One-third amount of tuition and miscellaneous fees is refundable. If the credit and miscellaneous fee or basic tuition fee is calculated, one-third of the credit fee and one-third of the basic tuition fee (or credit and miscellaneous fees) will be refunded. 5. Apply for suspension or withdrawal from study after two-thirds of the semester after the first day of classes (inclusive). Tuition and miscellaneous fees paid is not refundable. Remark: 1. The calculation of the registration date, the first day of classes and semester shall be determined according to the NCKU academic calendar; If the registration date is not specified, the registration fee payment deadline shall be the registration date. 2. For student who applies for suspension of schooling or automatic withdrawal, the date of suspension or withdrawal shall be effective based on the date when the student (or parent) formally submits the application for suspension or withdrawal to the corresponding division; for student who is ordered to withdraw from school, the base date of withdrawal shall be effective on the school's notice of withdrawal delivered date. However, for whom continues to stay in school due to the appeal application on withdrawing from school, the actual leaving school date will be calculated as the base date. 3. Student who is suspended or withdrawn from school shall complete the leaving school procedures in due time specified by the school; If the relevant procedure is delayed due to factors attributable to the student, the actual leaving school date will be calculated as the base date. 4. Any fees will not be charged in advance before the commencement date of the semester specified on the academic calendar. 5. Refund policy follows the regulations announced by the Ministry of Education, for details please visit https://law.moj.gov.tw/LawClass/LawAll.aspx?PCode=H0030043 A 線上申請程序 Online application procedures 1. 國立成功大學國際學生線上申請入學系統 ( 請點選【季班申請連結】 ) 2. 申請流程：  請至本校國際學生線上申請入學系統以個人Email註冊一組帳號，並取得申請序號。  依序填寫報名表內容，選擇志願系所。  上傳所有申請文件，所有文件均需以PDF檔案形式上傳  繳交申請費用(每位申請者需繳交新臺幣2,000元整) 。  在申請期限內完成並送出申請件。 73 申請規定與文件 外國學生申請入學線上申請流程 Fill out Application Form Upload Document In PDF Files Registration at Portal Fee Payment NTD 2,000 Submission Before deadline 1.註冊帳號 3.上傳文件 5. 提交申請件 在本校申請入學 系統註冊帳號 以PDF格式上傳 所有申請文件 截止日期前 提交申請件 2.填寫報名表 4. 繳交申請費用 填寫報名表及 選擇志願系所 支付申請費用 新臺幣2,000元 1. NCKU Degree Application for International Students system ( please click 【Application Portal】) 2. Application Procedure:  Register an account with a personal email address on the NCKU Degree Application for International Students system and obtain an application number. (Each applicant can only register one account at the application portal)  Complete the application form and select the intended department/program.  Upload all required application documents in PDF format.  Pay the application fee (NTD 2,000 per applicant).  Confirm and submit the application within the application period. A 線上申請程序 Online application procedures 74 3. 注意事項:  一律線上申請。申請者僅能申請 1 組帳號報名申請；違者則其帳號和申請案件視同無效。  申請者須於截止日期前完成線上申請程序 （含繳費）並上傳所有應繳文件，如逾期報名者一 概不受理；如表件不齊全致延誤報名者，由考生自行負責；報名費一概不予退還。  每位申請者至多可申請三個系所，而一個系所至多申請一個組別；申請必繳文件均須繳交， 缺件則為無效件，並依志願系所繳交系所額外要求文件。  線上申請完成並確認送出後，申請者即不得更改申請資料或申請系所學程。  經錄取者僅能選擇一系所辦理報到及註冊入學。  請牢記您線上報名時所填寫之電子郵件，以便之後登入申請系統修改資料、 上傳文件以及查 詢資格審查與錄取結果。  已錄取之學生，如經發現申請資格不符規定或所繳交之證件有不實、偽造、 假借、塗改、學 歷資格不具合法效力等情事， 即取消入學資格或開除學籍，且不發給任何學力（歷）證明； 如在本校畢業後始發現有上述情事者， 除勒令繳回撤銷其學位證書外，並公告取消其畢業資 格。 3. Note:  Only accept online applications. Each applicant may register only one account. Applicants with more than one account will be taken as invalid.  Applicants must complete the online application procedure (including payment) and upload all required documents before the deadline. Late, ineligible, or incomplete applications will not be processed. Applicants are responsible for incomplete submissions caused by missing documents. The application fee is non-refundable.  Each applicant can apply for up to 3 departments/institutes, and, at most, only one group within a department/institute. Required documents are mandatory to be uploaded, if missing any will be considered as invalid. Additional documents required by the department/institution are mandatory as well.  Once the online application is completed and submitted, applicants cannot modify the application information or the departments/institutes.  Applicants can only choose one department/institute to study and enroll if they get 2 or above admission offers.  Applicants should remember the email used for the application and password in order to change their information, upload their documents, and check their application status later on.  If anyone who has applied or received offers of admission into NCKU violates any of the regulations of the Ministry of Education (MOE)"Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan", or if any of the documents submitted are found to be fraudulent, forged or altered, it will result in immediate cancellation of admission, deprivation of their recognized status as an NCKU registered student or revocation of their NCKU diploma. No academic certificate will be given. B 申請費用及繳費方式 Application Fee Payment 繳費方式 ：  國內繳款： 申請者需持繳款帳號至本國國內銀行以電匯方式 （臨櫃或ATM）匯款至本校帳戶。  匯款帳號：虛擬帳號（系統自動產生）  銀行名稱：玉山銀行金華分行  匯款戶名：國立成功大學 410 專戶  國外繳款： 申請者需持繳款帳號至當地銀行以電匯方式匯款 至本校帳戶。  Beneficiary's Name: National Cheng Kung University 410  Beneficiary's Bank: E. Sun Commercial Bank, Ltd., Taipei, Taiwan  Beneficiary's Address: 1 University Road, Tainan City, Taiwan, R.O.C. 70101  SWIFT Code：ESUNTWTP  信用卡付款： 申請者得以直接於系統中以信用卡繳費。 重要提醒 : 匯款戶名必須加 410 Payment Methods: 410 must included 1. 完成線上申請表後，系統將自動產生申請費用之繳款帳號，繳費方式及帳戶資訊如下。繳費 後，申請者需上傳收據電子檔案至申請系統，以完成申請程序，收據請自行保存以備查核。 2. 申請費用：新臺幣2,000元整。每位申請者可申請三個志願系所，轉帳費用需自行負擔。 3. 未依規定繳納申請費用者將不予受理。另，申請費用一經繳納，概不退還 ( 包含申請未完成、 放棄申請、申請資格不符、誤繳、重覆繳費、金額不足等)。 4. 繳款限以新臺幣或美金計；不接受其他幣值，且不接受郵寄現金或支票。  Payment within Taiwan: Applicants can go to any bank or post office to make the payment by wire transfer directly or via ATMs in Taiwan.  Beneficiary's Account Number: the system will be generated and provided.  Beneficiary's Bank: E. Sun Commercial Bank, Ltd., Taipei, Taiwan  Beneficiary's Name: National Cheng Kung University 410  Payment outside Taiwan: The system will be generated and provide an account number for each applicant. Applicants should go to their local bank to pay via international wire transfer .  Beneficiary's Name: National Cheng Kung University 410  Beneficiary's Bank: E. Sun Commercial Bank, Ltd., Taipei, Taiwan  Beneficiary's Address: 1 University Road, Tainan City, Taiwan, R.O.C. 70101  SWIFT Code：ESUNTWTP  Credit Card Payment: Applicants may pay the fee directly in the system. 1. After filling out the online application form, the system will automatically generate a payment account number for the application fee. The payment methods and account information are listed below. After making the payment, applicants must upload a digital copy of the payment receipt to the application system to complete the application process. Please keep the original receipt for your own record. 2. Application fee: NT$2,000. Each applicant may apply for up to three (3) departments or institutes. Please note that any bank transfer service charges must be borne by the applicant. 3. Applications will not be processed if the application fee is not paid as required. Once paid, the application fee is non-refundable under any circumstances (including incomplete applications, withdrawal, ineligibility, incorrect payment, duplicate payment orinsufficient amount). 4. Payments must be made in New Taiwan Dollars (NTD) or U.S. Dollars (USD) only. Cash or checks sent by mail will not be accepted. 75 C 申請入學應繳文件 Uploading Required Documents *申請文件不完整將視為不合格之申請件* *Incomplete documentation will be assumed as unqualified application.* 應繳文件 Application required documents 線上填寫「國立成功大學外國學生入學申請表」資料，並繳交下方申請文件: 1. 具結書 2. 自傳 （英文或中文） 3. 留學計劃書 4. 最高學歷畢業證書（中文/英文） 5. 最高學位歷年成績單（中文/英文） 6. 兩封推薦信 7. 財力證明書 8. 身分證明文件（身份證/護照/外僑居留證/未設戶籍證明具結書） 9. 語言能力證明 10. 碩士論文或相關學術著作（博士班申請者） 11. 其他有利申請文件（如招生系所附加規定之申請文件或其他文件 ） 12. 繳交申請費用或上傳繳費收據 Complete the "NCKU Degree Application for International Students system" online and upload the following required documents: 1. Declaration Form 2. Autobiography (in English or Chinese) 3. Study Plan 4. The highest degree diploma (in Chinese or English) 5. The highest degree of official transcripts by years (in Chinese or English) 6. Two recommendation letters 7. Financial statement 8. Identification documents (ID card / Passport / ROC Alien Resident Certificate / the certificate of ROC Non-Household Registration/ other credentials) 9. Language proficiency certificate 10. Academic thesis or relevant academic publications (for PH.D. applicants) 11. Additional supporting documents (e.g., additional materials required by the department/institute or other reference documents) 12. Complete the application fee payment or receipt of payment 應繳文件說明 Instructions for Required Documents 線上填寫 「國立成功大學外 國學生入學申請表」 Complete the online application form 線上報名完成「國立成功大學外國學生入學申請表」資料。 Complete the online application form.  Applicants should register online first, and the form "NCKU Degree Application for International Students system" can be completed online.  In case of missing information, please provide a valid contact telephone number and email address, provide a correct address for mailing notification use, as well as passport ID number and birthday for confirmation use. 76 -下一頁有更多規定及說明 There are more regulations on the next pageC 申請入學應繳文件 Uploading Required Documents *申請文件不完整將視為不合格之申請件* *Incomplete documentation will be assumed as unqualified application.* 應繳文件說明 Instructions for Required Documents 1. 具結書 Declaration  申請者需自行下載「具結書」，經親筆簽名後掃描上傳至線上申請入學系統。  Applicants should download and print out the "Declaration Form ", then scan and upload it onto the application system after signing. 2. 自傳 (英文或中文) Autobiography (English/Chinese)  申請者需依照各系所之系所附加規定繳交中文或英文自傳。  Applicants should follow the departmental requirements of each department to provide a Chinese or English autobiography. 3. 留學計劃書 Study plan  申請者均需繳交留學計畫書， 內容大致為含個人教育背景、 研究興趣、未來 研究方向及方法等。  Applicant is required to submit a study plan which contains details regarding their educational background, research interest, motivations for further study, etc. ** 4. 最高學歷 畢業證書 (中文/英文) The highest degree diploma (Chinese/English)  大學部申請者，繳交高中（以上）畢業證書  碩士班申請者，繳交學士（以上）畢業證書；  博士班申請者，繳交學士(依系所要求)、碩士（以上）畢業證書。 註1: 若畢業證書為中、英文以外之語言，應附中文或英文認證過之譯本。 註2: 若畢業證書為臺灣學校授予，則不須經由駐外機構驗證。 註3: 尚未取得畢業證書之應屆畢業生，需繳交在學學生證影本以資證明；應 屆畢業生如獲錄取，則需於註冊時繳交驗證完成之正式畢業證書，否則將取消 錄取資格。(不接受預畢業證書) 註4: 畢業年級相當於臺灣高級中等學校二年級之申請者，一經錄取，需於各 系所原課程外另增修至少 12 個畢業學分。  Undergraduate program applicants: High school diploma (or above).  Master's program applicants: Bachelor's degree diploma (or above).  Ph.D. program applicants: Bachelor's (required by some dept./inst.), and Master's degree diploma (or above). Note 1: If the diploma is not in Chinese or English, a notarized copy of a translation in English or Chinese is required. Note 2: If the degree diploma is notarized from a university in Taiwan, it doesn't have to be verified. Note 3: For those expecting to graduate this year and are yet to obtain their diplomas, please submit a copy of the student ID card showing the year of study; graduating students admitted to NCKU must submit the official diploma, verified by R.O.C. overseas institutes at the time of registration, or admission will be cancelled. (We do not accept the provisional diploma/certificate.) Note 4: For applicants whose high school graduating level is only equivalent to Taiwan's high school second grade, once admitted, at least extra 12 credits at NCKU in addition to each department's credit requirement are required before graduation. 77 C 申請入學應繳文件 Uploading Required Documents *申請文件不完整將視為不合格之申請件* *Incomplete documentation will be assumed as unqualified application.* 應繳文件說明 Instructions for Required Documents ** 5. 最高學位 歷年成績單 （中文/英文） The official transcripts by years (in Chinese/English)  大學部申請者，繳交高中（以上）歷年成績單；  碩士班申請者：繳交學士（以上）歷年成績單；  博士班申請者：繳交碩士及或學士（以上）歷年成績單。 註1:若成績單是中、英文以外的語文，應附中文或英文認證過的譯本。 註2: 若成績單為臺灣學校所授予，則不需經由駐外機構驗證。  Undergraduate program applicants: High school transcript (or above) by year.  Master's program applicants: Bachelor's transcript (or above) ) by year.  Ph.D. program applicants: Master's (required) and Bachelor's (*by departments) degree transcripts (or above) by year. *Please check if the department/institute requires additional Bachelor's transcript. Note 1: If the transcript is not in Chinese or English, a notarized copy of a translation in English or Chinese is required. Note 2: Transcripts from universities in Taiwan do not need verification. **重要** Improtant  「最高學歷畢業證書」及「最高學位歷年成績單」需經我國駐外使領館、代 表處、辦事處或其他經外交部授權機構驗證。依外國學生來臺就學辦法， 本 校有權要求學生驗證文件，學生入學註冊報到時繳交。  For " 4. The highest degree diploma" and " 5.The official transcripts by years", applicants should provide verified version with official stamps by the R.O.C. embassies, consulates, or missions abroad or by other notary institutes authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, R.O.C. and bring verified documents upon registration. 6.兩封推薦信 Two recommendation letters 以下擇一方式即可 : 1. 申請者已有推薦者提供之推薦信，並於申請網站自行上傳。 (註: 其推薦人可忽略系統之電郵通知，不需再次上傳。) 2. 申請者於申請網站填寫推薦人基本資料，推薦人將收到電郵通知： a. 推薦人至網頁連結鍵入推薦內容。 b. 推薦人至網頁連結上傳推薦信(PDF格式)  註1:申請者需自行確認推薦人於申請期限內完成線上推薦程序。  註2: 可依私人形式書寫，或可參考國際處網站之相關推薦信格式。  註3: 推薦信限中文或英文，推薦人可為申請者之老師或雇主等。 Please choose one of the following options: 1. Applicants who already have recommendation letters provided by their referees may upload the letters directly to the application system. (Note: Referees may ignore the system-generated email notification and do not need to upload the letter again.) 78 -下一頁有更多規定及說明 There are more regulations on the next page79 C 申請入學應繳文件 Uploading Required Documents *申請文件不完整將視為不合格之申請件* *Incomplete documentation will be assumed as unqualified application.* 應繳文件說明 Instructions for Required Documents 6.兩封推薦信 Two recommendation letters 2. Applicants must provide their referees' basic information in the application system. Referees will receive an email and should: a. Enter the recommendation content via the link. b. Upload the recommendation letter in PDF format via the link. Note 1: Applicants must ensure referees complete the online recommendation before the deadline. Note 2: Letters may follow personal formats or the templates on the OIA website. Note 3: Letters must be in Chinese or English, written by teachers, employers, or other appropriate referees. 7.財力證明書 Financial statement  請提供新臺幣120,000元(約4,000美元)以上之中文或英文版財力證明書。(財力證 明書需清楚標示幣別，且限申請截止日前6個月開立之證明) 。 註1: 除申請外交部臺灣獎學金者，得以「獎學金申請證明」或「駐外館處推薦函」 暫代財力證明書外，其餘申請人僅得以已獲核定之獎學金證明書替代財力證明書； 如僅為申請中、尚未獲核定，或預計申請獎學金者，均不予採認。 註2: 若存款證明非申請者本人帳戶，須附上資助者親筆聲明書，敘明與申請者之關 係並保證負擔申者在臺留學所有費用，資助者限本人之三等親(父母、祖父母、兄弟 姊妹)。擔保書範本可於國際處網頁下載。  Please provide a Chinese or English financial statement showing a balance of at least NTD$120,000 (approx. US$4,000). The statement must clearly indicate the currency and be issued within 6 months before the application deadline. Note 1: Only an officially approved scholarship award certificate may be used in place of the financial statement, except for MOFA Taiwan Scholarship applicants, who may temporarily submit a scholarship application certificate or a recommendation letter from an R.O.C overseas mission. Scholarships still under application, not yet approved, or only planned for application will not be accepted as substitutes. Note 2: If the financial statement is not under the applicant's name, a signed declaration from the sponsor must be included, stating the relationship with the applicant and guaranteeing responsibility for all study expenses in Taiwan. Sponsors are limited to the applicant's third-degree relatives (parents, grandparents, siblings). The Sponsor's Declaration Form could be downloaded on OIA website. 8.身分證明文件 Identification Documents  請上傳本人身分證或護照基本資料頁；如持有外僑居留證，或符合教育部《外國 學生來臺就學辦法》第 2 條第 2 項規定者，亦請一併上傳外僑居留證及「未設戶 籍證明具結書」或其他相關證明文件。已在臺或曾在臺就讀之外國學生，請另提 供入境臺灣之簽證頁面，以利本校確認身分及申請資格。  Please upload a copy of your national ID card or the personal information page of your passport. If you hold an Alien Resident Certificate (ARC), or if you meet the requirements under Article 2, Paragraph 2 of the MOE's Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan, please also upload your ARC and the "Affidavit for No Household Registration" or other relevant supporting documents. Applicants who are currently studying in Taiwan or have previously studied in Taiwan must provide the visa page showing your entry info for identity and eligibility verification. C 申請入學應繳文件 Uploading Required Documents *申請文件不完整將視為不合格之申請件* *Incomplete documentation will be assumed as unqualified application.* 應繳文件說明 Instructions for Required Documents 9. 語言能力證明 Language Proficiency Certificate 英語語文能力 English Proficiency Certificate 華語語文能力 Chinese Proficiency Certificate 最低語言門檻要求 Minimum Language Proficiency Requirements CEFR B1 (含) 級以上 CEFR Level B1 or above TOCFL A2 (含)級等以上 TOCFL Level A2 or above ●全英文授課 Programs taught in English 是 YES 否 NO ●有足夠的英文授課課程可滿 足畢業需求 Sufficient English courses to satisfy graduation requirements 是 YES 否 NO ●提供英文授課課程但尚未滿 足畢業需求 Provide English courses but not satisfy graduation requirements 是 YES 是 YES ●無英文授課課程 No Courses taught in English 否 NO 是 YES 註1: 申請者須依所申請系所之授課語言，繳交相應之語文能力證明文件。如各系所 當年度招生簡章另有更嚴格之規定，則應依各系所之附加規定辦理，並檢附符合要 求之語文能力相關文件。 註2: 華語能力測驗對照表: 請參考連結。 註3: 英語能力測驗對照表: 請參考連結。 ※ 本校不接受多鄰國（Duolingo English Test）、EF SET、British Council English Score 等線上英語測驗成績，及語言學校或短期語言課程所開立之證明文件。 Note 1: Applicants must submit language proficiency certificates corresponding to the language of instruction of the intended department/program. If the department/program specifies stricter requirements in its additional requirements guidelines, applicants must comply with those requirements and provide the necessary supporting documents. Note 2: For the Chinese Proficiency Test comparison table, please refer tothis link. Note 3: For the English Proficiency Test comparison table, please refer tothis link. ※ Results from online English tests such as the Duolingo English Test, EF SET, or British Council English Score, as well as certificates issued by language schools or short-term language courses, will not be accepted. 80 -下一頁有更多規定及說明 There are more regulations on the next pageC 申請入學應繳文件 Uploading Required Documents *申請文件不完整將視為不合格之申請件* *Incomplete documentation will be assumed as unqualified application.* 9. 語言能力證明 Language Proficiency Certificate # 免繳僅是原 則性規定，若 系所不接受免 繳，或有其它 更高要求，請 依系所規定為 主。 # If the dept/ inst. does not accept exemptions or has higher requirements, applicants must follow the specific regulations. 免繳語言能力測驗成績或以其他文件替代之條件 Exemption or Substitution Conditions for Language Proficiency Requirements 語言 Language 申請人情況 Applicant Status 可接受之證明 Acceptable Documents 華語 Chinese 前一學位為華語授課 The applicant's previous degree was taught in Chinese -校方提供證明（需含中文授課比例） -馬來西亞華文獨立中學學生可提供 畢業證書 -Official certificate issued by the institution (indicate the proportion of Chinese-taught courses). -Malaysian Chinese Independent High Schools may submit a graduation certificate. 前一學位主修華語 The applicant's previous degree major was in Chinese language 畢業證書或校方提供官方證明 Diploma or official certificate issued by the institution 非屬上述情況者 Applicants who do not fall into the above categories #華語文能力測驗TOCFL A2級（含） 以上或其他國際通用中文能力證明 Certificate of Chinese proficiency: TOCFL Level A2 or above, or other internationally recognized Chinese proficiency certificate 英語 English 國家官方語言為英語 The official language of the applicant's country is English 護照影本，國家需為外交部所列官方 英語國家 Copy of passport (applicant's country must be an English-speaking country recognized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Taiwan) 前一學位於英語系國家取得 The applicant's previous degree was obtained in an English-speaking country 畢業證書或校方提供就學證明 Diploma or official certificate issued by the institution confirming enrollment 前一學位為全英文授課 The applicant's previous degree was fully taught in English 校方提供全英語教學授課證明 Official certificate from the institution confirming that the program was fully taught in English 非屬上述情況者 Applicants who do not fall into the above categories # 英語文能力測驗CEFR B1（含）以上 國際通用英語能力證明 Certificate of English proficiency: CEFR Level B1 or above, or other internationally recognized English proficiency certificate 81 C 申請入學應繳文件 Uploading Required Documents *申請文件不完整將視為不合格之申請件* *Incomplete documentation will be assumed as unqualified application.* 應繳文件說明 Instructions for Required Documents 10. 碩士論文 或相關學術 著作 *僅博士班申請者需要繳交 *for Ph.D. applicants only  博士班申請者需繳交碩士論文或相關學術著作影本。  Applicants for Ph.D. programs should submit a copy of their Master's thesis or relevant academic publications. 11. 其他有利 申請文件 Other Supporting Documents *如系所附加 規定之申請 文件 *additional application materials required by the dept  「招生系所附加規定」 之申請文件或其他有利申請文件  請依「招生系所資訊/招生系所資訊及其附加規定」中各系所之額外文件要求及規 定。例如: 中文自傳、工作經驗證明、作品集、指導教授同意書等。 註1: 系所將視需要進行視訊面試或筆試，將由系所另行通知。 註2: 各班別申請者可在提供有利申請入學之相關證照、活動證明參考文件等。  Detailed information regarding additional requirements of different departments/institutes can be obtained from "Additional Requirements of Departments/ Institutes". e.g. Chinese autobiography, proof of employment, portfolio, etc. Note 1: The department will conduct oral test or online interview if needed, and will notify separately by the department. Note 2: Applicants are welcome to upload any additional documents which may favor their application by combining the supporting documents, such as extra curriculars, certifications etc. 12. 繳交申請費 用或上傳繳 費收據 Complete the application fee payment or upload the payment receipt.  申請者均需繳交申請費用一筆為新臺幣2,000元整，費用內含申請所需郵資等費用， 未依規定繳納申請費用者將不予受理申請。  繳交一次申請費用可以申請三個志願系所。 註1: 申請費用一經繳納，概不退還。 註2: 繳款限以新臺幣或美金計。  Each applicant will be charged NT$2,000 (this will cover the postage costs for the acceptance letter). Applicants who fail to pay the application fee as required will not be processed the review.  Each applicant pay the application fee (NT$2,000) can apply for three departments. Note 1: Once the application fee is paid, no refund will be given for any reason. Note 2: Payment is only accepted in TWD or USD, we do not accept other currencies. 82 1. 本校招生委員會依各系所審查結果核定錄取名單，錄取名單將公告於國際處網站 ( https://oia.ncku.edu.tw/index.php)。 2. 申請者可於放榜日期後逕自線上申請入學系統登入查詢錄取結果與獎學金。錄取錄取名單 除公告於網頁外，將另以專函寄發申請結果通知書。 3. 115學年度相關時程如下: 83 錄取公告 1. The NCKU International Student Admissions Committee will finalize the admission list based on the review results of each department or institutes. The list of admitted applicants will be announced on the OIA website (https://oia.ncku.edu.tw/index.php). 2. Applicants may log in to the Online Application System after the announcement date to check their admission and scholarship results. Admission letters will be mailed to students individually. 3. The schedule for the 2025/2026 academic year is as follows: 115學年度 秋季班 放榜日期 2026年 6 月 2日 申請結果通知書 寄送日期 2026年 6 月中旬 115學年度 春季班 放榜日期 2026年 11 月 30日 (暫定) 寄送申請結果書 寄送日期 2025年 12月中旬 (暫定) Fall 2026 Admission Announcement Date June 02 , 2026 Notification of Admission Results (Mailing Date) Mid- June , 2026 Spring 2027 Admission Announcement Date November 30, 2026 (tentative) Notification of Admission Results (Mailing Date) Mid-December, 2026 (tentative) 1. 錄取生應依錄取通知書規定，在指定期限前登入申請入學系統回覆就讀意願。逾期未於申 請系統回覆就讀意願者，即以自願放棄錄取資格論。 2. 錄取者有意願至本校就讀者，應依錄取通知之規定辦理各項註冊入學或報到程序，並於註 冊時繳驗錄取通知所列各項文件。如未繳交完成者，視為註冊未完成；未報到者則視為自 願放棄入學資格。 3. 錄取者應於註冊時繳交經我國駐外使領館、代表處、辦事處或其他經外交部授權機構驗證 之外國學校最高學歷證明文件之正本（經本校查核存檔後歸還）；若畢業證書是中、英文 以外的語文，應附中文或英文認證過的譯本；若畢業證書為臺灣學校所授予，則不需經由 駐外機構驗證。 4. 錄取生應依「外國學生來臺就學辦法」之規定，於註冊時檢附已於國外投保自入境當日起 至少六個月效期之醫療及傷害保險或委由本校代為購買六個月效期之醫療及傷害保險。如 已具有我國全民健康保險，則檢附相關保險證明文件。保險證明如為國外所發者，應經駐 外館處驗證。 5. 其他注意事項：  已報名或錄取之學生，如經發現申請資格不符教育部『外國學生來臺就學辦法』（如附 錄）規定或所繳交之證件有不實、偽造、假借、塗改、學歷資格不具合法有效等情事， 即取消其申請、入學資格、開除學籍或撤銷其本校畢業資格與 學位證書，且不發給任何 學歷（力）證明。  畢業年級相當於臺灣高級中等學校二年級之申請者，一經錄取，需於各系所原課程外另 增修至少12個畢業學分。  成功大學之托福考試代碼: 2450、GRE考試代碼為: 3697 ，屆時ETS將會直接寄送您的成 績單至本處。  外國學生申請來臺就學以一次為限。於完成申請就學學校學程後，除申請碩士班以上學 程，得逕依各校規定辦理外，如繼續在臺就學者，其入學方式應與我國內一般學生相同。  外國學生經入學學校以操行、學業成績不及格或因犯刑事案件經判刑確定致遭退學者， 不得再依外國學生來臺就學辦法申請入學。外國學生如從其他大專院校轉學至本校者， 仍應以一般方式申請入學，並留意原學校之規定辦理手續。  外國學生來臺就學後，於就學期間在臺初設戶籍登記、戶籍遷入登記、歸化或回復中華 民國國籍者，喪失外國學生身分，不得再依外國學生來臺就學辦法申請入學。 84 報到、註冊入學及相關注意事項 1. All admitted students must confirm their acceptance for studies online before the deadline. Applicants who fail to do the procedure will be considered as giving up their offer of admission. 2. All admitted students should register with the relevant offices by the designated time, following administration procedures. The required documents will be stated and detailed in the admission package. Failure to complete the registration procedure will be considered as giving up their offer of admission. 3. All admitted students must provide the highest degree diploma, verified with official stamps by the ROC embassies, consulates, or missions abroad or by other notary institutes authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, ROC (This document will be returned after being examined and filed). If the diploma is not in Chinese or English, a notarized copy of a translation in English or Chinese is required; if the degree diploma is notarized from a university in Taiwan, it does not have to be verified. 4. All admitted students must provide proof of medical and personal accident insurance from their home country valid from entering into the ROC and up to at least six months upon enrollment in accordance with or purchase the six-month medical and accidental insurance coverage through NCKU. Students already insured by the ROC's national health insurance must also provide proof of insurance. If the proof of insurance is issued outside of Taiwan, it should be verified by ROC representative offices in the country where the document is issued. 5. Related notes:  If anyone who has applied or received offers of admission into NCKU violates any of the regulations of the Ministry of Education (MOE) "Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan" (see Appendix 1), or if any of the documents submitted are found to be fraudulent, forged or altered, it will result in immediate cancellation of admission, deprivation of their recognized status as an NCKU registered student or revocation of their NCKU diploma. No academic certificate will be given.  For applicants whose high school graduating level is only equivalent to Taiwan's high school second grade, once admitted, at least 12 credits at NCKU, in addition to each department's credit requirement, are required before graduation.  The National Cheng Kung University Code for the TOEFL is 2450, and for the GRE is 3697. Please fill in this code, and then the ETS will directly send your transcripts to us directly.  Upon completion of the course of study at a school in Taiwan to which an international student has applied, the student's admission to higher academic levels shall be handled in a manner identical to the procedures of admission for local students, except that an application for master's degree or higher level of graduate studies can be processed under the rules of each individual school.  International students who withdraw from university/college after admission due to behavior issues, poor academic performance, or a conviction under the Criminal Code may not thereafter apply again for admission under "MOE Regulation Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan". If a student wishes to transfer from another university in Taiwan, he or she should still apply as a new student and notify the original university according to their rules.  During the course of study in Taiwan, international students, who are approved for initial household registration, resident registration, naturalization, or restoration of their ROC nationality, will lose their international student status and shall withdraw from school. 85 1. 國立成功大學學生宿舍照片集及收費資訊 2. 部分宿舍裝有冷氣，有獨立電表另外計費，宿舍費不包含電費。 3. 本校不提供宿舍給夫妻或家庭；房間安排以住宿服務組安排為主。 4. 本校住宿服務組: https://housing-osa.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-1052-2428.php?Lang=zh-tw 5. 學生宿舍常見問題: https://dorm.osa.ncku.edu.tw/HSD_FAQ.php 5. 校外住宿：成大附近有「太子學舍」及其他許多套房或雅房出租，每個月約新台幣4,000元到 8,000元不等，學生可自行上網搜尋資料或詢問。 1. NCKU Student Dormitory Photo Album and Dormitory Charge & Specification 2. For some dorms with air conditioning, students are responsible for air-conditioner electricity expenses. 3. There are no dormitories for families or couples. The Housing Service Division, Office of Student Affairs, takes charge of the student dormitory allocation and management. 4. NCKU Housing Service Division: https://housing-osa.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-1052-17026.php?Lang=en 5. FAQ for Housing Service Division: https://housing-osa.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-105217031.php?Lang=en 6. Off-campus Housing: Near NCKU, there are options such as the "Prince Dormitory" and many other rental apartments or shared rooms. The monthly rent ranges from NT$4,000 to NT$8,000, depending on the accommodation type. Students may search online or inquire locally for more information. 86 住宿資訊 本校提供大學部外籍生一般性特定科目之課後輔導課程；由成績優異的本地生擔任課輔助教 ，提供 外籍生主要需求科目個別的教學輔導。 NCKU provides free tutoring for certain courses at the undergraduate level. The tutors will be using both Chinese and English to assist, and who are NCKU students with outstanding academic performance to provide international students with one-on-one tutoring sessions in subjects that are needed. 本校有數個不同國家之學生會組織 ，如：馬來西亞、印尼、越南、泰國、日本、穆斯林學生會等 ， 可提供生活上諮詢 ，另有國際學生聯合會提供學生意見反映之管道。 校內目前總計超過一百個學 生社團，學生可依照個人興趣自由參加社團活動。 There are several student associations from different countries, such as Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand, Japan etc., The senior members provide counseling services for first-year students. Students can promote ideas or submit their comments to the university through NCKU United International Students Alliance. So far, there are over 100 student clubs on campus. Students can join different types of clubs and events by preference. 87 課輔助教 學生會及社團資訊 本校外國學位新生得於本校華語中心申請就讀三學期(或等同6學分)之免費中文課程(中文特別班)， 一星期2小時（相當於一學期2 學分的課程） 。該課程依各個學生不同語言能力需求而設計有不同 等級之課程，提供外籍生學習中文且更深入認識本地文化之機會。(華語中心中文特別班) NCKU offers new international students up to three semesters (equivalent to 6 credits) of free Chinese language courses at the Chinese Language Center. The courses provide sessions of 2 hours per week, equivalent to 2 credits in a semester. The classes are offered at different levels to suit each student's needs. This is a great opportunity for anyone wishing to learn Chinese and to have an in-depth understanding of the local culture. Please visit Chinese for International Degree Students (CIDS) . 國際學位生中文課程 【獎學金注意事項】  中華民國政府各部會提供之獎學金與本校獎助學金以不重複領取為原則，違者將取消受獎資格。  臺灣獎學金獲獎者並不代表一定可獲得本校入學許可。  國立成功大學優秀國際學生獎助學金與系所獎學金可重複領取。  外國學生獎學金種類有三大類: 例如: 校內獎學金、政府獎學金、企業合作獎學金等。獎學金種 類甚多，規定皆不同，請詳閱該獎學金之細節與相關規定。  獎學金候選人皆須經視訊面試始得領取。 88 獎學金資訊 類別 名稱 頁碼 校內獎學金(學校) 1. 成大優秀國際學生獎助學金 2. 博士菁英學金(新生) 3. 數理與商科資優獎學金(大學部) P. 9 0 校內獎學金(系所) 4. 工學院院獎學金 5. 機械工程學系獎學金 6. 化學工程學系獎學金 7. 生物醫學工程學系獎學金 8. 生物醫學工程學系(醫療器材創新國際碩士班獎學金) 9. 護理學系獎學金 10. 分子醫學研究所 11. 公共衛生研究所獎學金 12. 生物科技與產業科學系獎學金 13. 熱帶植物與微生物科學研究所獎學金 14. 智慧半導體及永續製造學院  晶片設計學位學程獎學金  半導體製程學位學程獎學金  半導體封測學位學程獎學金  關鍵材料學位學程獎學金  智慧與永續製造學位學程獎學金 P. 9 198 企業合作獎學金 (暫定) 15. 成蝶啟飛人才培育獎學金 16. 成蝶-金耘鋼鐵臺越人才培育獎學金 P. 9 9100 政府獎學金 (暫定) 17. 臺灣獎學金 18. 教育部培英獎學金(新南向) 19. 教育部培英獎學金 (非洲) 20. 財團法人國際合作發展基金會(ICDF)獎學金 21. 外交部臺歐半導體獎學金 P .101104 Important Information on Scholarships • Those who receive scholarships or grants for international students offered by Taiwanese Governmental/agencies are not eligible to receive NCKU scholarships. Any recipients found to be acting in violation of this rule will be disqualified from receiving the NCKU scholarship and must return the funds they have already received. • Taiwan Scholarship awardee does not guarantee admission. • NCKU Distinguished International Student Scholarship awardees could also be granted with Department scholarship. • There are three types of scholarships : 1. NCKU scholarships, 2. Industries Collaboration Scholarships, 3. Government Scholarships. The related regulations are varied from different types of scholarship, please carefully read the relevant details and regulations when applying. • NCKU Scholarship candidates are required to pass the online interview before receiving. 89 Type Scholarship Name Page A. NCKU Scholarships (provided by the university) 1. NCKU Distinguished International Student Scholarship 2. NCKU Elite Doctoral Scholarship (New Admission only) 3. International Merit Students in Mathematics and Science, and Business Achievement Scholarship (Bachelor only) P. 9 0 A. NCKU Department/program Scholarships 4. College of Engineering 5. Department of Mechanical Engineering 6. Department of Chemical Engineering 7. Department of Biomedical Engineering 8. Master of the International Institute of Medical Device Innovation 9. Department of Nursing 10. Department of Molecular Medicine 11. Dept. of Public Health Scholarship 12. Department of Biotechnology and Bioindustry Sciences 13. Institute of Tropical Plant Sciences and Microbiology 14. Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing Program 1. Integrated Circuit Design Scholarship 2. Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology Scholarship 3. Semiconductor Packaging and Testing Scholarship 4. Key Materials Scholarship 5. Smart and Sustainable Manufacturing Scholarship P. 9 198 B. Industries Collaboration Scholarships (Tentative) 15. NCKU Butterfly-Li-Cheng Enterprise Taiwan-Vietnam Elite Scholarship 16. NCKU-WNC International Talent Cultivation Scholarship P. 9 9100 C. Government Scholarships (Tentative) 17. Taiwan Scholarship 18. MOE Elite Scholarship (Southeast Asia) 19. MOE Elite Scholarship (African Countries) 20. International Cooperation and Development Fund (ICDF) Higher Education Scholarship Program 21. MOFA Taiwan-Europe Semiconductor Scholarship P .101104 90 1 成大優秀學生獎學金 NCKU Distinguished Student Scholarship 詳細獎學金資訊請至國際處官網查詢 For detailed scholarship information, please visit our OIA website 如何申請: 申請者不需填列任何獎助學金申請表，由校內招生委員會依國際學位生入學申請文件進行審議核定第 一學年之獎助學金。（入學第二年起，得依「外國學生獎學金實施要點」續領之資格提出申請）。 How to apply: The University International Student Admissions Committee will review the application documents to evaluate the scholarship opportunity for the first academic year. Applicants do not need to submit any additional application documents for this scholarship, and the award information will be mailed along with the admission letter. For renewal applicants, the students have to follow National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships and apply again. 學校獎學金資訊 NCKU Scholarship 2 博士菁英學金（新生） NCKU Elite Doctoral Scholarship (New Admission only) 詳細獎學金資訊請至國際處官網查詢 For detailed scholarship information, please visit our OIA website 如何申請: 受獎生由各系、院委員會推薦後經本校外國學生招生委員會決議。申請者不需填列任何獎助學金申請 表。（入學第二年起，得依外國學生獎學金實施要點續領之資格提出申請） How to apply: Nominees do not need to submit any application documents for this scholarship. Potential recipients will be nominated and selected as award recipients by the departments. (For Continuing students, please follow the National Cheng Kung University Implementation Guidelines for International Student Scholarships procedure to submit the application) 3 數理與商科資優獎學金(大學部) International Merit Students in Mathematics and Science, and Business Achievement Scholarship (Bachelor only) 適用對象: 為入學本校前三年內，曾代表學校參加本校指定或委託之機構所舉辦之國外數理與商科比 賽，並以外籍生申請入學或僑生單獨招生管道錄取就讀本校大學部之外籍生與僑生。 Eligibility: This applied to foreign students and overseas compatriot students who won awards from an NCKU-designated "overseas mathematics and science, and Business competition" within three years prior to their admission into an NCKU undergraduate program. 詳細獎學金資訊請至國際處官網查詢 For detailed scholarship information, please visit our OIA website 備註： 有關舊生申請、受獎注意事項，請參考「境外學生數理與商科資優獎學金核發要點」之說明。 Note: About continuing student application, scholarship termination/loss of eligibility, please refer to NCKU Guidelines for Implementing the International Merit Students in Mathematics and Science, and Business Achievement Scholarship 91 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 4 工學院院獎學金 College of Engineering (COE) 內容: 補助來臺攻讀本院博士學位之優秀國際大專校院教師，本院核發每月至多新台幣 (下同)7,000元，指導 教授需配合發給至少每月8,000元。每次核定一年，須逐年審核。 申請資格： 就讀於本院博士班一年級至四年級，具有一年以上國外大專校院專任教師服務經驗之外國學生，但已 領有政府獎學金或本校博士菁英獎學金者，不得申請。 Content: To assist outstanding teachers from international colleges and universities to study for doctoral degrees, COE provides a maximum monthly stipend of NTD7,000 and a minimum monthly stipend of NTD8,000 from his/her supervising professor. This scholarship is approved for one year and is subject to annual review. Qualifications for Application: Those who are studying in the first to fourth grade of the doctoral program in COE, have a minimum of one year of teaching experience in foreign colleges or universities. However, those who have received scholarships from the Taiwan government or have received Elite Doctoral Scholarship of NCKU are not allowed to apply. 如何申請： 於本院公告期限內，向所屬系所提出申請，由系所進行初審後，將申請資料彙送本院進行 決審。 How to Apply: Before the officially-designated deadline, applicants should submit their applications to their respective departments for preliminary examination and then send their applications to COE for the final examination. 5 機械工程學系獎學金 Department of Mechanical Engineering 內容:  碩士生RA獎學金每月NTD3,000～10,000元 (請直接向指導教授申請)  博士生RA獎學金每月NTD4,000～20,000元 (請直接向指導教授申請)  博士生共領NTD50,000(第一年領NTD10,000,第二年領NTD10,000,第三年資格考口試通過後領 NTD$30,000) (請向機械系系辦陳怡安小姐申請) Content:  MS RA scholarship NTD3,000~NTD10,000 per month (NTD6,000 on average) (*Applicants are required to apply directly to the academic advisor)  Ph.D. RA scholarship NTD4,000~NTD20,000 per month (NTD10,000 on average) (*Applicants are required to apply directly to the academic advisor)  Ph.D. students will get NTD50,000 (Ph.D. students will get NTD10,000 for the first year, get NTD10,000 for the second year, and get NTD30,000 after passing the qualifying oral defense) (*Applicants are required to apply directly to Ms. Sophy Chen at ME department office.) 備註：如學期中休學，或中斷學業，停止支應獎學金，且退回系辦已發的獎學金金額。 Note: The scholarship will be cancelled if students are in a temporary suspension of school or dropped out of school, and students must return the amount of scholarship issued by the ME department. 92 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 6 化學工程學系獎學金 Department of Chemical Engineering 內容: 為鼓勵外籍生來本系就讀，本系所及其指導教授將額外提供錄取的碩士與博士研究生之生活費分別每 月NTD2,000～NTD12,000與NTD3,000～NTD24,000元。 Content: The enrolled students will be awarded research assistantships from their advisor and department, with monthly stipends of NTD2,000～12,000 and NTD3,000～24,000 for master's and Ph.D. degrees, respectively. 備註:  學生需完成入學報到註冊手續並且繳交"個人在台文件"至化工系系辦公室。  學生因休學、退學或者中斷學業，即停止核發補助。 Note :  The students need to complete the enrollment at NCKU and submit "Personal Documents for Studying in Taiwan" to the Department office.  The granting of assistantship shall be stopped due to suspension, withdrawal, or interruption of studies at NCKU. 7 生物醫學工程學系獎學金 Department of Biomedical Engineering 內容:  碩士班和博士班:新台幣2,000-4,000/月的獎助學金。(由指導老師給予)  碩博班擇優給予:最高新台幣6,000/月的獎助學金。(由MDIC 補助) 如何申請:  碩士班及博士班:第二年開始的獎學金會依照前一年表現決定獎學金核發與否。 Content:  Master & Ph.D. Programs Students: NTD 2,000-4,000 /month from your advisor.  Scholarship up to NTD6,000/month from Medical Device Innovation Center (Master & Ph.D.)  Master & Ph.D. Programs Students: Guaranteed for the first year. After that, it will be evaluated on a yearly basis. The duration of sponsorship will be determined by the departmental academic committee. 備註： 領取獎學金者，需要執行教學助理相關事項。 Note: The scholarship recipient may have to fulfill the responsibilities of a Teaching Assistantship. 93 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 9 護理學系獎學金 Department of Nursing 內容: 碩士班、博士班 A. 課程助教獎學金：新台幣4,000~6,000/月。 (請與開課教師洽談) B. RA獎學金。(視指導教授經費狀況而定，請直接諮詢指導教授) C. 護理學系研究生獎學金。(請依國立成功大學醫學院護理學系研究生獎學金辦法申請) D. 國際博士班獎勵期刊論文發表獎學金。(請依國際博士班獎勵期刊論文發表獎學金辦法申請) E. 系辦工讀機會。(請與系所洽談) Content: Master and Ph.D. Programs： A. Teaching Assistant Scholarship : NTD4,000 to NTD6,000/monthly B. RA Scholarship: Dependent upon the advisor's funding situation C. Department of Nursing Postgraduate Scholarship. D. IDPN Journal Article Publication Scholarships. E. A part-time job at Department Office.  For A scholarship, please discuss with the course coordinator the application.  For B scholarship, please consult with your advisor directly.  For C scholarship, please refer to the Regulation of Department of Nursing Postgraduate Scholarship for application.  For D scholarship, please refer to the Regulation of IDPN Journal Article Publication Scholarships.  For E scholarship, please discuss with the Department of Nursing for application. 8 生物醫學工程學系醫療器材創新國際碩士班獎學金 Master of the International Institute of MedicalDevice Innovation (MDI) 內容:  新台幣2,000-4,000/月的獎助學金。(由指導老師給予)  擇優給予: 最高新台幣6,000/月的獎助學金。(由MDIC 補助) 如何申請:  第二年開始的獎學金會依照前一年表現決定獎學金核發與否。 Content:  Amount: NTD 2,000-4,000 /month from your advisor.  Scholarship up to NTD6,000/month from Medical Device Innovation Center.  Guaranteed for the first year. After that, it will be evaluated on a yearly basis. The duration of sponsorship will be determined by the departmental academic committee. 備註： 領取獎學金者，需要執行教學助理相關事項。 Note: The scholarship recipient may have to fulfill the responsibilities of a Teaching Assistantship. 94 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 11 公共衛生研究所獎學金 Dept. of Public Health Scholarship 內容:  課程教學助理獎助學金。(領取獎學金者，需要執行教學助理相關事項。) 如何申請: 每學期依所辦通知填寫報名申請表。 Content:  Teaching Assistant Scholarship. (The scholarship recipient have to fulfill the responsibilities of a Teaching Assistantship) How to apply: For each semester, please submit your application according to the notification send by the department office. 備註： 1. 有名額限制，依課程需要安排。 2. 此獎學金不可抵免學雜費。 Note: 1. There is a limit on the number of teaching assistant available, and arrangements will be made based on the needs of the course. 2. This TA scholarship does not provide tuition waiver. 10 分子醫學研究所獎學金 Dept. of Molecular Medicine Scholarship 內容:  依據學生表現提供額外獎學金，每月NTD 3,000-6,000元(視指導教授經費情況而定) 如何申請: 請與指導教授討論。 Content:  According to academic performance of students, an additional scholarship will range from NTD 3,000 to 6,000 per month. (Depending on his/her advisor's funding situation). How to apply: Please contact your advisor for more details. 備註： 領取獎學金者，需要執行教學助理相關事項。 Note: The scholarship recipient may have to fulfill the responsibilities of a Teaching Assistantship. 95 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 13 熱帶植物與微生物科學研究所獎學金 Institute of Tropical Plant Sciences and Microbiology 內容:  指導教授能提供計劃案兼任助理費用，請入學後與指導教授洽談。  如獲得指導教授兼任助理費用，必須申請工作許可證。 如何申請: 請與指導教授洽談。 Content:  The advisor may provide a part-time assistant fee. Please discuss with your advisor about the application.  You must apply for a work permit if you receive a part-time assistant fee from your advisor. How to apply: Please discuss this with your advisor. 備註： 領取獎學金者，需要執行教學助理相關事項。 Note: The scholarship recipient may have to fulfill the responsibilities of a Teaching Assistantship. 12 生物科技與產業科學系獎學金 Department of Biotechnology and Bioindustry Sciences 內容:  限碩士班、博士班  第一年獎學金申請者，前一級學位總成績GPA須達3.0以上或全班排名前30%，並經招生委員會決議。  第一年碩士新生獎學金每月新台幣$6,000-$10,000元(含國際處及指導教授補助之獎學金)  第一年博士新生獎學金每月新台幣$20,000元(含國際處及指導教授補助之獎學金)  第二年開始，依據學生前一年學業及研究表現發放獎學金，申請者請檢附學年成績單，學年成績 平均達85分以上，並經指導教授推薦及學生事務委員會決議。 Content:  For master and Ph.D. program students only.  Eligible for a first-year scholarship, applicants must have a GPA of 3.0 or above in their previous academic degree or be ranked in the top 30% of their class. The Admissions Committee of the department will review and approve the qualified applications.  For Master students, NTD6,000-10,000 per month (including the OIA scholarship and advisor supporting fund)  For Ph.D. students, NTD20,000 per month (including the OIA scholarship and advisor supporting fund)  Starting from the second year, scholarships will be awarded based on the student's academic and research performance in the previous year. Applicants should submit a transcript with grades averaging 85 or above, as well as recommendations from their advisor. The Student Affairs Committee of the department will review and approve the qualified applications. 備註: 領取獎學金者，須執行教學及研究助理相關事項。 Note: Please note that scholarship recipients are expected to fulfill the responsibilities of a Teaching and Research Assistantship. 96 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 14-2 智慧半導體及永續製造學院 (半導體製程學位學程獎學金) Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing Program on Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology Scholarship 內容:  碩士錄取生獎學金每月1萬6千元整，為期1年，第2年經審核通過後可續領1年，至多2年。無學雜 費減免。  博士錄取生提供獎學金每月3萬元整，為期1年，第2年起逐年審核，經審核通過後可續領1年，至 多4年。無學雜費減免。 如何申請: 本學程獎學金名額有限，將整體評估錄取件選出獲獎者，申請者無需另送獎學金申請。 Content:  Master's student: NTD 16,000 ~(USD490) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 2 years .  PhD students: NTD 30,000 (~USD 920) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 4 years .  The scholarship does not include a tuition waiver.  Annual Evaluation: Awardees' academic performance will be evaluated annually to determine eligibility for continuation of scholarship in the following year. How to apply: The program offers limited spots of scholarship to admitted students. Awardees will be chosen based on a holistic assessment. There is no separate application for the scholarship. 備註：獎學金獲獎者將在錄取過程中以書面通知。在新生完成入學後，需提交申請以正式列入獎學金 名單。 Note：Scholarship awardees will be notified in writing during the admission process. After enrolling at NCKU as new students, they will be required to submit an application to be officially included on the scholarship roster. 14-1 智慧半導體及永續製造學院 (晶片設計學位學程獎學金) Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing Program on Integrated Circuit Design Scholarship 內容:  碩士正取生獎學金每月1萬6千元整，為期1年，第2年經審核通過後可續領1年，至多2年。無學雜 費減免。  博士錄取生提供獎學金每月3萬元整，為期1年，第2年起逐年審核，經審核通過後可續領1年，至 多4年。無學雜費減免。 如何申請: 申請者於審查入學申請時合併辦理獎學金審查。 Content:  Monthly Stipend: For master's students: NTD 16,000 ~(USD490) per month. For PhD students: NTD 30,000 (~USD 920) per month. Stipend duration: 12 months per year  Duration: Master's students: Up to two years ; PhD students: Up to four years.  The scholarship is dispersed monthly and does not include a tuition waiver.  Annual Evaluation: Awardees' academic achievements are evaluated annually to qualify for continuation in the following year. How to apply: Awardees are selected during application for admission. 備註：本學院每學年檢視獎學金辦法與標準，依申請期間本學院公告為準。 Note：The scholarship regulations and criteria of our academy are reviewed annually. Please refer to the official announcements from our academy's website during the application period. 97 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 14-4 智慧半導體及永續製造學院 (關鍵材料學位學程獎學金) Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing Program on Key Materials Scholarship 內容:  碩士錄取生獎學金每月1萬6千元整，為期1年，第2年經審核通過後可續領1年，至多2年。無學雜 費減免。  博士錄取生獎學金每月3萬元整，為期1年，第2年起逐年審核，經審核通過後可續領1年，至多4 年。無學雜費減免。 如何申請: 本學程獎學金名額有限，將整體評估錄取件選出獲獎者，申請者無需另送獎學金申請。 Content: Monthly Stipend (12 months per year)  Master's student: NTD 16,000 ~(USD490) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 2 years.  PhD students: NTD 30,000 (~USD 920) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 4 years.  The scholarship does not include a tuition waiver.  Annual Evaluation: Awardees' academic performance will be evaluated annually to determine eligibility for continuation of scholarship in the following year. How to apply : The Program offers limited spots of scholarship to admitted students. Awardees will be chosen based on a holistic assessment. There is no separate application for the scholarship. 備註：獲獎者將在錄取過程中以書面通知。新生完成入學後，需提交申請以正式列入獎學金名單。 Note：Scholarship awardees will be notified in writing during the admission process. After enrolling at NCKU as new students, they will be required to submit an application to be officially included on the scholarship roster. 14-3 智慧半導體及永續製造學院 (半導體封測學位學程獎學金) Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing Program on Semiconductor Packaging and Testing Scholarship 內容:  碩士錄取生獎學金每月1萬6千元整，為期1年；第2年經審核通過後可續領1年，至多2年。無學雜 費減免。  博士錄取生提供獎學金每月3萬元整，為期1年，第2年起逐年審核，經審核通過後可續領1年，至 多4年。無學雜費減免。 如何申請: 本學程獎學金名額有限，將整體評估錄取件選出獲獎者，申請者無需另送獎學金申請。 Content: Monthly Stipend (12 months per year)  Master's student: NTD 16,000 ~(USD490) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 2 years.  PhD students: NTD 30,000 (~USD 920) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 4 years.  The scholarship does not include a tuition waiver.  Annual Evaluation: Awardees' academic performance will be evaluated annually to determine eligibility for continuation of scholarship in the following year. How to apply : The Program offers limited spots of scholarship to admitted students. Awardees will be chosen based on a holistic assessment. There is no separate application for the scholarship. 備註：獲獎者將在錄取過程中以書面通知。新生完成入學後，需提交申請以正式列入獎學金名單。 Note：Scholarship awardees will be notified in writing during the admission process. After enrolling at NCKU as new students, they will be required to submit an application to be officially included on the scholarship roster. 98 系所獎學金資訊 NCKU Dept./Inst. Scholarship Information 14-5 智慧半導體及永續製造學院 (智慧與永續製造學位學程獎學金) Academy of Innovative Semiconductor and Sustainable Manufacturing Program on Smart and Sustainable Manufacturing Scholarship 內容:  碩士錄取生獎學金每月1萬6千元整，為期1年；第2年經審核通過後可續領1年，至多2年。無學雜 費減免。  博士錄取生提供獎學金每月3萬元整，為期1年，第2年起逐年審核，經審核通過後可續領1年，至 多4年。無學雜費減免。 如何申請: 本學程獎學金名額有限，將整體評估錄取件選出獲獎者，申請者無需另送獎學金申請。 Content: Monthly Stipend (12 months per year)  Master's student: NTD 16,000 ~(USD490) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 2 years .  PhD students: NTD 30,000 (~USD 920) per month, subject to annual evaluation, up to 4 years .  The scholarship does not include a tuition waiver.  Annual Evaluation: Awardees' academic performance will be evaluated annually to determine eligibility for continuation of scholarship in the following year. How to apply : The Program offers limited spots of scholarship to admitted students. Awardees will be chosen based on a holistic assessment. There is no separate application for the scholarship. 備註：獎學金獲獎者將在錄取過程中以書面通知。在新生完成入學後，需提交申請以正式列入獎學金 名單。 Note：Scholarship awardees will be notified in writing during the admission process. After enrolling at NCKU as new students, they will be required to submit an application to be officially included on the scholarship roster. 99 *獎學金資訊請依各單位官網公告為準，以下資訊僅供參考。 *For scholarship information, please refer to the official website of each organization. The following information is for reference only. 產學合作獎學金資訊(暫定) Industries Collaboration Scholarship(tentative) 15 成蝶啟飛人才培育獎學金 NCKU-WNC International Talent Cultivation Scholarship 內容: 啓碁科技為鼓勵國際優秀學生於研究所進修學業、深耕研究，並及早培育台灣通訊產業潛在優秀人才， 聯合成功大學特此設立「成蝶啓飛人才培育獎學金」。 服務義務： 獲獎者須於碩士畢業後至啓碁科技指定地點入職服務。領取一年者服務一年；領取二年者服務二年。 申請文件： 1. WNC履歷表 2. 成大錄取通知書/分發通知書/在學證明書（最新學期） 3. 護照/居留證影本 4. 其他文件：語言測驗證書、卓越表現證書、其他有利於審查資料。 Content: To encourage outstanding international students to pursue graduate studies and engage in advanced research, while also cultivating potential talents for Taiwan's communication industry at an early stage, Wistron NeWeb Corporation (WNC), in collaboration with National Cheng Kung University (NCKU), has established the "WNC Talent Development Scholarship." Service Obligation: Recipients are required to work at a designated WNC location upon completion of their master's degree.One year of scholarship support requires one year of service. Two years of scholarship support requires two years of service. Required Documents: 1. WNC Resume Form 2. NCKU Admission Letter / Assignment Notice / Proof of Enrollment (most recent semester) 3. A copy of passport or ARC 4. Other supporting documents: language proficiency certificates, certificates of outstanding performance, or any other materials beneficial to the review process. 申請時程及文件： 依境外生與學人事務組公告為準。 How to Apply: The application submission period is subject to an annual announcement from the Overseas Students and Scholars Services (OSSS). 備註： 相關資訊及申請細節請洽境外生與學人事務組，電郵如下: em50460@email.ncku.edu.tw Note： For related information and application form, please refer to Overseas Students and Scholars Services (OSSS), email: em50460@email.ncku.edu.tw 100 16 國立成功大學× 金耘鋼鐵「臺越人才培育獎學金」 NCKU X G-WIN Taiwan-Vietnam Talent Scholarship 內容： 為響應政府「新南向政策」及培育在臺就學越南優秀人才，金耘鋼鐵股份有限公司支持並提供本校越 南學生生活補助獎學金，並與本校協手成立「國立成功大學X金耘鋼鐵臺越人才培育獎學金」。 申請資格： 1. 申請資格：凡為越南國籍且不具備僑生身分、 無中華民國戶籍之本校在學學位生， 並符合下列申 請條件者， 均可提出申請。 2. 申請條件：在本校就學一學期以上、具有正式學籍之國際學生， 且前一學期學業平均成績及操性成 績達八十分以上。 3. 獎學金補助名額: 每學期補助2名 4. 每位受獎人可獲得1,000元美金乙次 5. 申請時間: 2025年3月31日至2025年4月13日23:59 申請資料： 1. 個人履歷、自傳、生涯規劃及其他具備傑出人才潛力的說明 2. 前一學期成績單、在學證明 3. 護照及居留證影本 4. 其他補充資料：如研究計畫、 語文能力檢定證書、特殊傑出表現證明等有利於審核之文件。 Content: In response to the government's "New Southbound Policy" and to foster outstanding Vietnamese talents studying in Taiwan, G-WIN. supports and provides living subsidies and scholarships for Vietnamese students at our university. We have also partnered with our university to establish the "NCKU X G-WIN Taiwan-Vietnam Talent Development Scholarship." Eligibility: Vietnamese nationals without Overseas Compatriot Student status and without Taiwan household registration who are currently enrolled at our university and meet the following conditions may apply Application Conditions: International students with formal enrollment at our university for at least one semester and an average academic score of 80 or above in the previous semester. Scholarship Quota: 2 recipients per semester.Each recipient will receive a one-time award of USD 1,000. Application Period: From September 13, 2024, to September 25, 2024 23:59 Application Documents: 1. Personal resume, autobiography, career plan, and other descriptions demonstrating outstanding talent potential. 2. Transcript of the previous semester and certificate of enrollment. 3. Copy of passport and residence permit. 4. Additional Supplementary Documents: Such as research proposals, language proficiency certificates, proof of special outstanding performance, or any other documents beneficial for review. 備註：相關資訊及申請細節請洽境外生與學人事務組，電郵如下: em50460@email.ncku.edu.tw Note：For related information and application form, please refer to Overseas Students and Scholars Services (OSSS), email: em50460@email.ncku.edu.tw 產學合作獎學金資訊(暫定) Industries Collaboration Scholarship(tentative) 101 *獎學金資訊請依各單位官網公告為準，以下資訊僅供參考。 *For scholarship information, please refer to the official website of each organization. The following information is for reference only. 政府獎學金資訊 (暫定 ) Government Scholarship Information (tentative) 17 臺灣獎學金 Taiwan Scholarship 內容： 1. 該獎學金由中華民國臺灣政府教育部、外交部與科技部所提供。 2. 申請方式和地點：請向所在國的中華民國 （臺灣）駐外館處詢問並提出申請（ 請注意申請的程序及 時間）。 3. 網頁連結：http://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw Content: 1. This scholarship is offered by the Taiwan Government (Ministry of Education, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and Ministry of Science Technology). 2. How to apply: For application guidelines and forms, types of scholarships and quotas, as well as information regarding the selection process and outcome announcements, applicants may directly contact the relevant Taiwan Embassy or Representative Office. Please refer to the MOFA website for the nearest embassy or representative office. 3. For relevant information, please visit http://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw 18 教育部培英獎學金(新南向) MOE Elite Scholarship (Southeast Asia) 內容： 1. 申請資格： • 任教於印尼、菲律賓、泰國、越南、印度、馬來西亞、新加坡、汶萊、緬甸、柬埔寨、寮國、 巴基斯坦、孟加拉、尼泊爾、斯里蘭卡、不丹等國家之大學講師或教授。詳細內容，請看國 際處官網。 • 限秋季班新生適用，且須就讀全英語學程。 2. 受獎年限：博士３年／碩士２年。 3. 受獎金額：一年臺幣300,000元。 4. 申請者須檢附講師/教授任職證明。 Content: (1) Eligibility:  Doctoral / Master degree-seeking applicants who are currently university lecturers or professors in Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, India, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Bhutan. For more details, please visit the Office of International Affairs website.  Applicable to Fall semester new students only, and limited to those enrolled in English-taught programs. (2) Duration of scholarship:3 years for Ph.D., reviewed annually/ 2 years for master, reviewed annually. (3) Amount of Scholarship: NTD300,000 per year (approx. US$10,000 per year) (4) An up-to-date Lecturer Certificated (English version) is required. 102 *獎學金資訊請依各單位官網公告為準，以下資訊僅供參考。 *For scholarship information, please refer to the official website of each organization. The following information is for reference only. 政府獎學金資訊 (暫定 ) Government Scholarship Information (tentative) 19 教育部培英獎學金 (非洲) MOE Elite Scholarship (African Countries) 內容： 1. 申請資格： 任教於非洲等國家之大學講師或教授或從事於大學研究工作３年以上並具研究成果或專 門著作。 (秋季班、春季班新生皆適用，且須就讀全英語學程。) 2. 受獎年限：博士３年／碩士２年。 3. 受獎金額：一年臺幣300,000元。 4. 申請者須檢附講師/教授任職證明(英文版)；或大學研究工作３年以上工作證明及研究成果或專門著 作。 5. 詳細請參考: https://oia.ncku.edu.tw/p/404-1032-229890.php?Lang=en Content: 1. Eligibility: Doctoral / Master degree-seeking applicants who are currently university lecturers or professors in all countries in Africa. (Applicable to both Fall and Spring semester new students, and limited to those enrolled in English-taught programs) 2. Duration of scholarship: 3 years for Ph.D., reviewed annually / 2 years for master, reviewed annually. 3. Amount of Scholarship: NTD300,000 per year (approx. US$10,000 per year) 4. The applicant is required to submit the required documents (eg. up-to-date Lecturer Certificate or 3 years University Researcher Employment Certificate with research publications). 5. More information: https://oia.ncku.edu.tw/p/404-1032-229890.php?Lang=en 103 *獎學金資訊請依各單位官網公告為準，以下資訊僅供參考。 *For scholarship information, please refer to the official website of each organization. The following information is for reference only. 政府獎學金資訊 (暫定 ) Government Scholarship Information (tentative) 20 財團法人國際合作發展基金會(ICDF)獎學金 International Cooperation and DevelopmentFund (ICDF) Higher Education Scholarship Program 內容： 獎學金由財團法人國際合作發展基金會提供，以鼓勵優秀外國學生來臺本校攻讀碩士學位課程。 (1) 本校與財團法人國際合作發展基金會合作執行之國際學程如下： • 土木工程與管理國際碩士學程：受獎年限二年。 • 自然災害減災及管理研究所：受獎年限二年。 (3) 補助內容： • 來回程機票乙張、 研修時間住宿房間提供、 學雜費、保險費、書籍費、每月生活零用金補助－碩士 學程每月新臺幣18,000元整。 • 獎學金獲獎新生於註冊入學報到後，可向其系所申請入學報名費用之退費。 (4) 申請資格： • 為我友邦及友好發展中國家公民、未具我國國籍或我國僑生身分。 • 符合申請本會合作大學入學條件。 • 符合我國外交部領事事務局核發就學是由居留簽證， 及內政部入出國及移民署核發外僑居留證條件 。 • 受獎期間不得於同一學年受領我國其他政府設置的獎學金（如臺灣獎學金） • 曾受領國合會獎學金 、外交部及教育部臺灣獎學金者， 必須返回母國一年以上時間始能再度申請國 合會獎學金。 • 未曾被我國政府機關或相關機構註銷獎學金資格者，或未曾遭我國學校退學處分。 (5) 報名程序：學生須完成線上申請填表，填表完畢後將申請相關文件繳交至駐外館／處／技術團／計 畫，即完成獎學金申請手續。 (6) 更多資訊，請上國合會或洽系所網站查詢https://www.icdf.org.tw/wSite/np?ctNode=31561&mp=2 Content: (1) The Taiwan ICDF established the Taiwan International Cooperation Alliance (TICA) with its partner universities, setting up an operational platform under this TICA framework to manage and improve the scholarship program. NCKU has been cooperating with Taiwan ICDF since 2007 for an International Master's Program in Civil Engineering and Management, also in International Master Program on Natural Hazards Mitigation and Management. (2) How to apply: Applicants should complete Taiwan ICDF online application and submit the documents to the ROC (Taiwan) Embassy/ Consulate (General)/ Representative Office/ Taiwan Technical Mission or project representative in their countries. Applicants much ensure that they submit accurate and complete documentation. Failure to do so will result in the application not being processed. Please also note the late submissions will not be accepted and/or processed. (3) Award timeframe: Master's program in Civil Engineering and Management, and an International Master Program on Natural Hazards Mitigation and Management for 2 years maximum. (4) Scholarship recipients could apply for refund of the admission application fee from their departments after completing registration at NCKU upon arrival. (5) For more information, please visit ICDF and the department websites. https://www.icdf.org.tw/wSite/np?ctNode=31561&mp=2 104 *獎學金資訊請依各單位官網公告為準，以下資訊僅供參考。 *For scholarship information, please refer to the official website of each organization. The following information is for reference only. 政府獎學金資訊 (暫定 ) Government Scholarship Information (tentative) 21 外交部臺歐半導體獎學金 MOFA Taiwan-Europe Semiconductor Scholarship 內容:  訪問生： 學雜費及保險每學期新臺幣60,000元、每月生活費30,000元。  碩士生： 學雜費及保險每年新臺幣120,000元、每月生活費30,000元，。  博士生： 學雜費及保險每年新臺幣120,000元、每月生活費40,000元，。  機票補助：來台、返國經濟艙機票各50,000元，最高總計100,000元。  受獎年限：訪問生至少一學期至多一學年；碩士生至多２年；博士生至多４年。 申請資格：  國籍：捷克、斯洛伐克、波蘭、立陶宛、科索沃、阿爾巴尼亞。(備註：同時具有大陸、香港及澳門 地區國籍身分者，不適用本獎學金。)  身分別：訪問生、學位生。  科系：半導體相關科系，大學一年級以上。 如何申請:  申請學位生須完成季班入學申請，符合資格者將由成大國際處提報外交部，申請者無需另行辦理其 他手續。（信箱：overseas@ncku.edu.tw）  申請交換生／訪問生者，請逕洽國際事務處國際教育組。（信箱:em50961@email.ncku.edu.tw）  獎學金公告、發放等作業時間依國際處公告。  報名期限：至2027年秋季班入學者。 Content:  Visiting Students: Tuition fees and insurance NTD 60,000 per semester; Monthly living allowance NTD 30,000.  Master's Students: Tuition fees and insurance NTD 120,000 per year; Monthly living allowance NTD 30,000.  Doctoral Students: Tuition fees and insurance NTD 120,000 per year; Monthly living allowance NTD 40,000.  Flight Subsidy: Up to NTD 50,000 for a one-way economy ticket (to Taiwan or return trip), maximum NTD 100,000 total.  Scholarship Duration: Visiting students: 1 semester to 1 academic year; Master's students: up to 2 years; Doctoral students: up to 4 years. Eligibility:  Nationality: Citizens of Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Lithuania, Kosovo, or Albania. (Note: Applicants holding nationality from Mainland China, Hong Kong, or Macao are not eligible.)  Status: Visiting students or degree students.  Field of Study: Semiconductor-related disciplines; must have completed one year of undergraduate study. How to Apply:  Degree Students: Submit a regular admission application for the desired intake. Eligible candidates will be nominated by NCKU's Office of International Affairs to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. No additional documents are required. Email: overseas@ncku.edu.tw  Exchange or Visiting Students: Please contact the Study Abroad Division directly.  Scholarship announcement and disbursement schedules will follow OIA notifications.  Application Deadline: Open to applicants enrolling up to Fall 2027. 備註: 其餘獎學金注意事項、細節請參考台歐獎學金網站 https://en.mofa.gov.tw/cp.aspx?n=6847 For details, please visit the MOFA Taiwan-Europe Scholarship website: https://en.mofa.gov.tw/cp.aspx?n=6847 English Version link : https://law.moj.gov.tw/ENG/LawClass/LawAll.aspx?pcode=H0110001 第 1 條 本辦法依大學法第二十五條第三項、專科學校法第三十二條第一項、高級中等教育法第四十 一條第一項及國民教育法第三十條第一項規定訂定之。 第 2 條 1. 具外國國籍且未曾具有中華民國國籍，符合下列規定者，得依本辦法規定申請入學： 一.未曾以僑生身分在臺就學。 二.未於申請入學當學年度依僑生回國就學及輔導辦法經海外聯合招生委員會分發。 2. 具外國國籍並符合下列規定，且最近連續居留海外六年以上者，亦得依本辦法規定申請入 學。但擬就讀大學醫學、牙醫或中醫學系者，其連續居留年限為八年以上： 一.申請時兼具中華民國國籍者，應自始未曾在臺設有戶籍。 二.申請前曾兼具中華民國國籍，於申請時已不具中華民國國籍者，應自內政部許可喪 失中華民國國籍之日起至申請時已滿八年。 三.前二款均應符合前項第一款及第二款規定。 3. 依教育合作協議，由外國政府、機構或學校遴薦來臺就學之外國國民，其自始未曾在臺設 有戶籍者，經主管機關核准，得不受前二項規定之限制。 4. 第二項所定六年、八年，以擬入學當學期起始日期（二月一日或八月一日）為終日計算之。 5. 第二項所稱海外，指大陸地區、香港及澳門以外之國家或地區；所稱連續居留，指外國學 生每曆年在國內停留期間未逾一百二十日。連續居留海外採計期間之起迄年度非屬完整曆 年者，以各該年度之採計期間內在國內停留期間未逾一百二十日予以認定。但符合下列情 形之一且具相關證明文件者，不在此限；其在國內停留期間，不併入海外居留期間計算： 一.就讀僑務主管機關舉辦之海外青年技術訓練班或教育部（以下簡稱本部）認定之技 術訓練專班。 二.就讀本部核准得招收外國學生之各大專校院華語文中心，合計未滿二年。 三.交換學生，其交換期間合計未滿二年。 四.經中央目的事業主管機關許可來臺實習，實習期間合計未滿二年。 6. 具外國國籍並兼具中華民國國籍，且於本辦法中華民國一百年二月一日修正施行前已提出 申請喪失中華民國國籍者，得依原規定申請入學，不受第二項規定之限制。 7. 具有國籍法第二條規定情形者，為本辦法所定具有中華民國國籍。 第 3 條 1. 具外國國籍，兼具香港或澳門永久居留資格，且未曾在臺設有戶籍，申請時於香港、澳門 或海外連續居留滿六年以上者，得依本辦法規定申請入學。但擬就讀大學醫學、牙醫或中 醫學系者，其連續居留年限為八年以上。 2. 前項所稱連續居留，指每曆年在國內停留期間，合計未逾一百二十日。但符合前條第五項 第一款至第四款所列情形之一且具相關證明文件者，不在此限；其在國內停留期間，不併 入前項連續居留期間計算。 3. 曾為大陸地區人民具外國國籍且未曾在臺設有戶籍，申請時已連續居留海外六年以上者， 得依本辦法規定申請入學。但擬就讀大學醫學、牙醫或中醫學系者，其連續居留年限為八 年以上。 教育部「外國學生來臺就學辦法」 105 修正日期：民國114年09月19日 4. 前項所稱連續居留，指每曆年在國內停留期間，合計未逾一百二十日。但符合前條第五項第 一款至第四款所列情形之一且具相關證明文件者，不在此限；其在國內停留期間，不併入海 外連續居留期間計算。 5. 第一項及第三項所定六年、八年，以擬入學當學期起始日期（二月一日或八月一日）為終日 計算之。 6. 第一項至第四項所定海外，準用前條第五項規定。 第 4 條 1. 外國學生依前二條規定申請來臺就學，以一次為限；繼續在臺就學者，入學方式應與我國內 一般學生相同。 2. 外國學生有下列情形之一者，其於前項申請後，復申請繼續在臺就學，或再次申請來臺就學， 不受前項規定之限制： 一.於完成申請就學學校學程後，申請碩士班以上學程，逕依各校規定辦理。 二.外國學生申請來臺就讀學士班以下學程，在國內停留未滿一年，因故退學或喪失學籍， 得重新申請來臺就學，並以一次為限。 三.符合第二條第一項規定之外國學生，申請就讀副學士以下學程。 四.符合第二條第一項規定之外國學生，申請入學大學醫學、牙醫或中醫學系以外之學士 班學程，並以一次為限。 3. 外國學生經入學學校以操行不及格或學業考核未達規定、違反法令或校規情節嚴重致遭退學 或喪失學籍者，不得再依前二項規定申請入學。 第 5 條 1. 大學及專科學校二年制（以下簡稱大專校院）實際招收入學之外國學生，其名額以本部核定 該校前一學年度招生名額外加百分之十為原則，並應併入當學年度招生總名額報本部核定； 申請招收外國學生名額超過前一學年度核定招生名額外加百分之十者，應併同提出增量計畫 （包括品質控管策略及配套措施）報本部核定。但國內大學與外國大學合作並經本部專案核 定之學位專班，不在此限。 2. 專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校實際招收入學之外國學生，其名額以各主管機關核定該 校前一學年度招生名額外加百分之十為限，並應併入當學年度招生總名額報各主管機關核定。 3. 大專校院於前一學年度核定招生總名額內，有本國學生未招足情形者，得以外國學生名額補 足，並應報本部核定。 4. 第一項及第二項招生名額，不包括未具正式學籍之外國學生。 第 6 條 1. 大專校院招收外國學生入學各年級，應擬訂公開招生規定報本部核定，其內容應包括招生方 式、入學資格審查程序、學系（程）授課語言、學生應具備之語文能力基準、財力證明基準 及其他相關事項。 2. 前項招生規定經本部核定後，大專校院應自行訂定外國學生招生簡章，詳列招生方式、入學 資格審查程序、招生學系（程）、各學系（程）授課語言、學生應具備之語文能力基準、修 業年限、招生名額、申請資格、財力證明基準、學雜費收退費基準、學校獎助學金資訊及其 他相關事項。 3. 大專校院辦理外國學生招生事務，除宣傳推廣及協助學生辦理來臺相關必要程序外，不得委 由校外機構、法人、團體或個人辦理；並應適時確認其是否向外國學生收取不合理之費用、 成立借貸關係或其他違反相關法令之情形，必要時得向申請之外國學生查核。 4. 大專校院自行或委由校外機構、法人、團體或個人辦理外國學生招生相關事項，不得提供與 招生規定、招生簡章或相關規定不一致之資訊。 106 第 7 條 1. 申請入學大專校院之外國學生，應於各校院指定期間，檢附下列文件，逕向各該校院申請 入學，經審查或甄試合格者，發給入學許可： 一.入學申請表。 二.學歷證明文件： 一.大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 二.香港或澳門學歷：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 三.其他地區學歷： 1. 海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學歷。 2. 前二目以外之國外地區學歷，應依大學辦理國外學歷採認辦法規定辦 理。但設校或分校於大陸地區之外國學校學歷，應經大陸地區公證處 公證，並經行政院設立或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證。 三.足夠在臺就學之財力證明，或政府、大專校院或民間機構提供全額獎助學金之證明。 四.申請學校所規定之其他文件。 2. 各校審核外國學生之入學申請時，對前項第二款至第四款未經我國駐外機構、行政院設立 或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證之文件認定有疑義時，得要求經驗證；其業經驗證者， 得請求協助查證。 3. 第一項入學許可應載明外國學生之姓名、就讀學程名稱、學位別、授課語言、入學之學年、 學期開始日期、學雜費收退費基準、獎助學金及其他應告知外國學生之相關資訊之中文及 英文版本，確認外國學生瞭解來臺就學相關權利義務，並得提供外國學生母國語言版本。 第 7-1 條 外國學生所繳入學證明文件有偽造、假借、塗改等情事，應撤銷錄取資格；已註冊入學者， 撤銷其學籍，且不發給任何相關學業證明；如畢業後始發現者，應由學校撤銷其畢業資格並 註銷其學位證書。 第 8 條 1. 外國學生已在臺完成學士以上學位，繼續申請入學碩士以上學程者，得檢具我國各校院畢 業證書及歷年成績證明文件，依第七條規定申請入學，免檢附第七條第一項第二款規定之 境外學歷證明文件。 2. 符合第二條第一項規定之外國學生，在我國完成副學士以下學程者，得持該學歷證明文件 及歷年成績證明文件，依第七條、第十八條、第二十條規定申請入學學士班以下學程，免 檢附第七條第一項第二款、第十八條第一項第二款及第二十條第一項第三款規定之境外學 歷證明文件。 第 9 條 招收外國學生之大專校院，應即時於本部指定之外國學生資料管理資訊系統，登錄外國學生 錄取、入學、轉學、休學、退學或變更、喪失學生身分、離境等情事。 第 10 條 外國學生不得申請就讀我國大專校院所辦理回流教育之進修學士班、碩士在職專班及其他僅 於夜間、例假日授課之班別。但外國學生在臺已具有合法居留身分者或其就讀之班別屬經本 部專案核准之課程者，不在此限。 第 11 條 大專校院、專科學校五年制、高級中等以下學校之外國學生註冊入學時，未逾該學年第一學 期修業期間三分之一者，於當學期入學；已逾該學年第一學期修業期間三分之一者，於第二 學期或下一學年註冊入學。但各主管機關另有規定者，不在此限。 107 第 12 條 1. 大學外國學生於我國大學畢業後，經學校核轉本部許可在我國實習者，其外國學生身分 最長得延長至畢業後一年。 2. 外國學生來臺就學後，其於就學期間許可在臺初設戶籍登記、戶籍遷入登記、歸化或回 復中華民國國籍者，喪失外國學生身分，應予退學。但符合下列情形之一者，不在此限： 一.入學方式與我國內一般學生相同。 二.依國籍法第四條第一項第一款至第三款申請歸化取得中華民國國籍。 三.符合第二條第一項規定且依國籍法第三條至第七條申請歸化取得中華民國國籍。 3. 於我國大專校院就讀之外國學生轉學，由各大專校院自行訂定相關規定，並納入招生規 定報本部核定。但外國學生經入學學校以操行不及格或因刑事案件經判刑確定致遭退學 者，不得轉學進入大專校院就讀。 第 13 條 1. 大專校院在不影響正常教學情況下，得與外國學校簽訂教育合作協議，招收外國交換學 生；並得準用外國學生入學規定，酌收外國人士為選讀生。 2. 高級中等以下學校經各主管機關核准者，得招收外國學生來臺進行一年以下之短期研習。 第 14 條 各級學校因國際學術合作計畫或其他特殊需求成立外國學生專班者，應依各級學校總量發展 規模與資源條件相關規定，經該管主管機關核轉本部核定。 第 15 條 1. 本部為獎勵就讀大專校院優秀外國學生，得設置或補助學校設置外國學生獎學金。 2. 大專校院為鼓勵外國學生來臺就學，得自行提撥經費設置外國學生獎學金、助學金。 第 16 條 1. 大專校院應指定專責單位或人員負責辦理外國學生就學申請、輔導、聯繫等事項，並加 強安排住宿家庭及輔導外國學生學習我國語文、文化等，以增進外國學生對我國之了解。 2. 大專校院應於每學年度不定期舉辦外國學生輔導活動或促進校園國際化，有助我國學生 與外國學生交流、互動之活動。 第 17 條 1. 專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校招收外國學生，除依第二十條規定辦理在臺已具有 合法居留身分之外國學生申請入學外，應擬訂招收外國學生來臺就學有關計畫，於每年 十一月三十日前報該管主管機關核定後，始得招生。直轄市、縣（市）主管機關並應於 每年十二月三十一日前，將核定招生學校名冊報本部備查。 2. 前項計畫內容應包括專責外國學生單位之設置、加強我國語文、文化學習課程之規劃及 安排外國學生住宿之措施等事項。 3. 第一項學校招收外國學生之國別及名額，必要時得由本部會商內政部及外交部後定之。 第 18 條 1. 申請入學專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校之外國學生，除第二十條另有規定外，應 於各校指定期間，檢附下列文件，逕向各校申請入學，經審查或甄試合格者，發給入學 許可： 一、入學申請表。 二、學歷證明文件： （一）大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 （二）香港及澳門學歷：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 （三）其他地區學歷： 1. 海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學歷。 2. 前二目以外之國外地區學歷，應依本部國外學歷查證認定相關規定 辦理。設校或分校於大陸地區之國外學校學歷，應經大陸地區公證 處公證，並經行政院設立或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證。 108 三、足夠在臺就學之財力證明。 四、在臺監護人資格證明文件。 五、經駐外機構驗證之父母或其他法定代理人委託在臺監護人之委託書。 六、經我國公證人公證之在臺監護人同意書。 七、申請學校所規定之其他文件。 2. 前項第二款學歷證明文件，於申請入學國民小學一年級上學期者，免予檢附。 3. 第一項第四款至第六款文件，外國學生已成年者，免予檢附。 4. 各校審核外國學生之入學申請時，對第一項第二款、第三款及第七款未經駐外機構、行政 院設立或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證之文件認定有疑義時，得要求驗證；其業經驗 證者，得請求協助查證。 第 19 條 1. 前條所稱在臺監護人，應為在臺設有戶籍之中華民國國民，並提出無犯罪之警察刑事紀錄 證明及稅捐機關核發最新年度個人各類所得總額新臺幣九十萬元以上之資料清單。 2. 符合前項規定者，每人以擔任一位外國學生之在臺監護人為限。但以校長、學校財團法人 董事長或董事為監護人者，每人以擔任五位外國學生之在臺監護人為限。 第 20 條 1. 在臺已有合法居留身分，申請入學專科學校五年制及高級中等以下學校之外國學生，應檢 具下列文件，逕向學校申請，並經甄試核准後註冊入學： 一、入學申請表。 二、合法居留證件影本。 三、學歷證明文件： （一）大陸地區學歷：應依大陸地區學歷採認辦法規定辦理。 （二）香港及澳門學歷：應依香港澳門學歷檢覈及採認辦法規定辦理。 （三）其他地區學歷： 1. 海外臺灣學校及大陸地區臺商學校之學歷同我國同級學校學歷。 2. 前二目以外之國外地區學歷，應依本部國外學歷查證認定相關規定辦 理。設校或分校於大陸地區之國外學校學歷，應經大陸地區公證處公 證，並經行政院設立或指定之機構或委託之民間團體驗證。 2. 前項第三款學歷證明文件，於申請入學國民小學一年級上學期者，免予檢附。 3. 各校審核外國學生之入學申請時，對第一項第三款未經駐外機構、行政院設立或指定之機 構或委託之民間團體驗證之文件認定有疑義時，得要求驗證；其業經驗證者，得請求協助 查證。 4. 高級中等以下學校應於第一項外國學生註冊入學後，列冊報該管主管機關備查。 5. 第一項外國學生如申請高級中等以下學校因招生額滿無法接受入學，得向主管機關申請輔 導至有缺額之學校入學。 6. 高級中等以下學校得視第一項申請入學學生甄試成績，編入適當年級就讀或隨班附讀；附 讀以一年為限，經考試及格者，承認其學籍。 第 20-1 條 1. 外國學生因該國發生戰亂、重大災害或重大傳染疾病疫情等情事，致該地區之學校無法正 常運作，得經我駐外機構、或其本國駐華使領館或授權機構檢齊相關評估資料，經本部會 同外交部、內政部移民署等相關機關認定後，其入學高級中等學校、專科學校以專案辦理 招生。 2. 前項專案就學採外加名額者，以各校招生核定各該學制總名額外加百分之一為原則。 109 第 21 條 1. 外國學生就學應繳之費用，依下列規定辦理： 一、依前二條規定入學者、經駐外機構推薦來臺就學之外交部臺灣獎學金受獎學生及具 我國永久居留身分者，依就讀學校所定我國學生收費基準辦理。 二、依教育合作協議入學者，依協議規定辦理。 三、前二款以外之外國學生，依其就讀學校所定外國學生收費基準，並不得低於同級私 立學校收費基準。 2. 本辦法中華民國一百年二月一日修正施行前已入學之學生，該教育階段應繳之費用，仍依 原規定辦理。 第 22 條 1. 外國學生註冊時，新生應檢附已投保自入境當日起至少六個月效期之醫療及傷害保險，在 校生應檢附我國全民健康保險等相關保險證明文件。 2. 前項保險證明如為國外所核發者，應經駐外機構驗證。 第 23 條 外國學生有違反就業服務法之規定經查證屬實者，學校或相關主管機關應即依規定處理。 第 24 條 外國學生有休學、退學或變更、喪失學生身分等情事，學校應通報外交部領事事務局及學校所 在地之內政部移民署各服務站，並副知本部。 第 25 條 1. 學校違反本辦法規定者，主管機關依相關法令規定處理。 2. 學校未依第二十三條規定處理者，各該主管機關並得視情形調整招收外國學生名額。 第 26 條 外國學生來臺於大專校院附設之華語文中心學習語文者，其申請程序、獎補助、管理與輔導、 缺課時數逾該期上課總時數四分之一以上及變更或喪失學生身分之通報，準用第七條第一項第 一款、第三款、第四款、第九條、第十五條、第十六條、第二十二條及第二十四條規定。 第 27 條 第七條第一項第一款、第十八條第一項第一款及第二十條第一項第一款所定書表格式，由各校 定之；第十八條第一項第五款及第六款所定書表格式，由本部定之。 第 27-1 條 1. 實驗教育機構得依高級中等以下教育階段非學校型態實驗教育實施條例，並準用本辦法規 定，招收外國學生來臺就學；其準用本辦法之範圍如下： 一、第二條。 二、第三條。 三、第四條。 四、第十一條。 五、第十三條第二項。 六、第十七條第一項。 七、第十八條。 八、第十九條第一項。 九、第二十條第一項至第四項。 十、第二十二條。 十一、第二十三條。 十二、第二十五條第一項。 十三、前條。 110 2. 實驗教育機構擬訂外國學生來臺就學有關計畫之內容，應包括外國學生專責人員之設置等 事項。 3. 實驗教育機構招收外國學生之國別，比照高級中等以下學校招收外國學生之國別規定。 4. 符合第十九條第一項所定資格者，每人以擔任一位外國學生之在臺監護人為限。但實驗教 育機構之負責人或設立實驗教育機構之非營利法人代表，每人以擔任五位外國學生之在臺 監護人為限。 5. 實驗教育機構招收外國學生之收、退費相關規定，應納入高級中等以下教育階段非學校型 態實驗教育實施條例第六條第四項第七款收、退費規定。 6. 外國學生有喪失學生身分、休學、變更或終止短期研習及其他情事，實驗教育機構應通報 外交部領事事務局及學校所在地之內政部移民署各服務站，並副知本部、直轄市、縣（市） 主管機關及設籍學校。 第 28 條 1. 本辦法自中華民國一百零一年八月一日施行。 2. 本辦法修正條文，除中華民國一百零一年十二月二十四日修正發布之條文，自一百零二年 一月一日施行，一百零二年八月二十三日修正發布之條文，自一百零二年九月一日施行外， 自發布日施行。 111 Note: All information in this prospectus is available online. For detailed and updated information, please refer to our website. In case of any discrepancy between this prospectus and the website, the updated information on the website shall prevail. OIA website: https://oia.ncku.edu.tw/index.php Application: overseas@ncku.edu.tw Facebook: Fun at NCKU Instagram: nckuoia Welcome to NCKU