Turn on more accessible mode Turn off more accessible mode Skip Ribbon Commands Skip to main content Turn off Animations Turn on Animations Sign In QU Home العربية عربي Students Currently selected Office of VP for Student Affairs Message from the Vp About Student Affairs Meet VP Office Staff Organizational Structure Strategic Plan Departments and Centers Admission and Enrollment Student Experience Student Success & Development Resources Academic Calendar Student Catalogs Student Code of Conduct Policy Student Complaints Student Referral System Forms Service Finder Media Center Events Calendar News Newsletter Archive Contact Us Undergraduate Academic Programs College Requirements Admission Requirements Currently selected High School Applicants Transfer Applicants from Other Universities Visiting Applicants Non Degree Applicants Second Degree Applicants CCQ Cross Registration Application Required Documents Transcript Requirement Apply to QU Admission Application Timeline Early Conditional Admission Readmission Frequently asked questions Undergraduate Tuition Fees Competency Requirements Placement Tests Competency Exams Submit Tests Scores Online Orientation Program Page Image Undergraduate / Admission Requirements / High School Applicants High School Applicants Page Content All applicants who are applying for the first time to Qatar University, or who have not earned at least 24 credit hours at a university and who are applying to Qatar University as either Foundation Program or Undergraduate applicants are classified as First Year applicants. First-year applicants may apply for either Fall or Spring admission. First-year admits are not eligible to receive transfer credit consideration for coursework completed prior to their semester of admission to QU. High School Requirements All applicants to Qatar University must complete a minimum of 12 years of formal education and their transcript results must be certified by the appropriate educational agency. The high school grade requirements mentioned in this section are minimum scores, they do not guarantee admission, and they may change according to the strength of the applicant pool and the available capacity in each college or major. Additionally, high school requirements do vary by college and individual colleges reserve the right to stipulate additional requirements to the admission requirements listed below. Qatari Secondary School Certificate General Secondary Schools The 12th grade final high school percentage is used when considering applicants from General Secondary Schools, wherein a minimum of 70% is required when applying to Qatar University. For more information, please visit College Requirements . Private and International School Certificates To ensure that students possess the academic foundation and essential knowledge needed to succeed in their university studies, applicants to Qatar University must have officially completed twelve years of formal education . In addition, applicants from international school systems are required to have successfully completed core subjects in Mathematics, Science, and Language as part of the qualifications submitted for admission consideration. Applicants from the following educational systems must satisfy the minimum admission requirements to be considered: Grade Point Average (GPA) System Awarded a High School Diploma in a General Studies Curriculum with a minimum cumulative GPA of 2.00 on a 4.00 scale ("C") and satisfies the minimum high school percentage requirement during the final year of high school. For the Scientific Track certification, applicants must pass Mathematics and at least two of the following Science subjects: Biology, Physics, or Chemistry, with a minimum grade of "D" in Grade 11 or Grade 12, as part of the approved school system. British Secondary School System and International Baccalaureate (IB) System British Secondary School System Applicants must have successfully completed at least five IGCSE (O Level) subjects with a minimum grade of "E" or "3", in addition to two subjects at the Advanced (A Level), Advanced Subsidiary (AS Level), or a combination of both levels, with a minimum grade of "E" in each. The submitted subjects must include at least one subject in Mathematics, one in Science, and one in Languages. Only one subject per language is accepted, and repetition of the same language is not permitted unless it is taken at different levels ( AL , AS, IGCSE). As the official results for this school system will be released after QU has announced admission decisions, applicants may submit predicted grades in addition to official result certificates by the submission deadline. Applicants who submit predicted high school grades (pdf) will be considered for Provisional Admission. For the Scientific Track certification, applicants must pass one Mathematics subject and two Science subjects (Biology, Physics, or Chemistry), each with a minimum grade of "D". International Baccalaureate (IB) System Completion of the full IB Diploma with at least 2 subjects at the HL and the other 4 subjects at SL level. The student should have attained a total grade point score of 24 out 42, excluding grades for Theory of Knowledge (TOK) and Extended Essay. As the official results for this school system will be released after QU has announced admission decisions, applicants may submit predicted grades by the submission deadline. Applicants who submit predicted high school grades (pdf) will be considered for Provisional Admission. For the Science Track certification, applicants must pass one Mathematics course and two Science courses (Biology, Physics, or Chemistry), each with a minimum grade of "3". Provisional Admission As official results for the British Secondary School system (IGCSE, AS, and A-Level results) and the International Baccalaureate (IB) system will be released after QU has announced admission decisions, in-progress applicants from these two school systems will be considered for Provisional Admission based on predicted grades. For more details please check Stages of Provisional Admission for Applicants from the British Secondary School System and International Baccalaureate (IB) System . Provisional Admission Process Applicants from the British Secondary School and the International Baccalaureate systems must submit all application requirements by the admission application deadline admission application deadline and must submit their predicted grades by the admission application deadline submission deadline. Predicted grades must be reported and attested by the applicant's high school using the appropriate QU provided form: Predicted IGCSE, AS, and A-Level Grades for Provisional Admission form Predicted International Baccalaureate Grades for Provisional Admission form Applicants from the British Secondary School system may complete the minimum admission requirements to be considered through submission of official results for all completed IGCSE, A/S and A-Level results and anticipated final grades for the examinations. All in-progress International Baccalaureate (IB) applicants will be considered for admission on their anticipated results. Using predicted grades, the Admissions Department will determine whether the applicant has satisfied Qatar University's minimum admission requirements. Applicants with predicted grades are considered for admission in competition with all other applicants and applicants receiving Provisional Admission will be informed at the same time as all other admits. Upon receiving Provisional Admission, Applicants will be informed of the conditions of their provisional admission - essentially, their admission is based on anticipated grades, is conditional, and not final until official results are submitted. Graduates from other high school systems that issue final and official high school results after the submission deadline cannot be considered for admission and will be requested to apply for the coming semester admission instead. KSA School System In order to be considered for admission to Qatar University, applicants from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia must complete High School & pass the National Exam for Assessment in Higher Education with the minimum percentage required by their major/program of choice, for male students starting from the year 1422/1423 (2002/2003), for female students starting from year 1430 (2009). Other School Systems for Private and International School Certificates Submission of Transcripts : Students from other educational systems must submit their original, final, official, and certified high school transcripts to Qatar University prior to the admission deadline . Track Certification : The Admission Section will review and evaluate each certificate to determine the appropriate academic track for the student: Indicated Track : If the high school transcript specifies an academic track (Arts or Science), that track will be considered for admission. Unspecified Track: If the transcript does not indicate the academic track, applicants must have successfully completed one Mathematics course and two Science courses (Biology, Physics, or Chemistry) with passing grades in Grade 11 or Grade 12, in accordance with the grading system of the certificate. Additional Documentation: If the final high school transcript for Grade 12 does not clearly indicate all Science subjects previously completed by the student, applicants may submit supporting evidence by providing a copy of their Grade 11 transcript. High School required documents All applicants who have never applied to Qatar University or who have not earned at least 24 credit hours at a university and who are applying to QU as either Foundation Program or Undergraduate applicants are classified as First Year applicants and are required to submit the following: High School required documents Complete the Online Admissions Application with an e-payment of QR 200 (non-refundable) Students have to upload a passport-size photograph and a photocopy of the applicant's valid Qatar ID card (Non-Qatari applicants must upload a copy of their passport) through the online admission application by the admission deadline. High School Transcript: Students from Qatari Government and independent schools graduated starting from 2016 onwards, do not have to submit their high school transcript; QU will receive their results from the Ministry of Education and Higher Education. Students from Private and International high schools, as well as students from Qatari Government and independent schools who graduated in 2015 or earlier, have to submit their original, final, official, and certified high school transcript along with copies to check if it matches the original documents, and attend in person to Qatar University before the deadline by the following timing and locations: Male: Student Affairs Building (I11) - First Floor , hall number C204 , from Sunday to Thursday, 9 am to 12 pm Female: Student Affairs Building (I11) - First Floor , hall number C250 , from Sunday to Thursday, 9 am to 12 pm. Applicants with a Qatari parent must upload a copy of their parent's Qatar ID card and a copy of their Birth certificate. Non-Qatari female students married to Qatari Nationals must also upload a copy of the marriage contract and a copy of the ID card of the husband. (An electronic link will be sent to applicants with Qatari parents and to those married to Qatari nationals for uploading the required documents) For Qatari male students who have achieved a percentage less than 75%, it is mandatory to upload a certificate proving completion of national service or a letter of exemption from national service. (A link will be sent to applicants to upload the required documents) Note: The document verifying completion of national service or the letter of exemption from national service is mandatory for Qatari male students with a percentage less than 75%. Applications will not be considered if these required documents are not submitted, and admission to Qatar University will be denied. Students have to submit a Health Certificate issued inside Qatar (with a validity period that must not exceed six months from the date of examination) Students who have undergone a medical examination in any of the health centers operated by the Primary Health Care Corporation or the Medical Commission are not required to submit their medical examination results. QU will receive these results from the Ministry of Public Health directly. Students who have undergone a medical examination in any private health care center located in Qatar, kindly contact the Admission Section. For International students please refer to International Students Website . Official test score reports for applicants to Colleges that require the Foundation Program (if available) to be submitted to the Qatar University Testing Center in order to be exempted from the Foundation Program. An international student who is planning to join Qatar University and apply for a Bachelor's degree must follow the following steps: must follow the following steps: Send the original high school transcript and other required documents to Qatar University during the application period for international students to the following address: Admission Department Qatar University P.O. Box 2713 Doha, Qatar If the international student (excluding GCC citizens) is applying to study at his/her own expense, he/she must apply online for a student visa under Qatar University sponsorship and upload the required documents during the same admission timeline for international students. If the international student is planning to study at Qatar University only when he/she obtains a scholarship provided by Qatar University, he/she does not need to fill out and complete the visa application; the Scholarships and International Admissions Section will conduct the necessary procedures to issue a student visa for international students who receive a scholarship from QU. Note: The admission application from an international student will not be considered if he/she does not submit the original high school transcript and visa application OR select the scholarship request application while applying to QU. Contact Us If you have any inquiries, or questions, or need more information about transferring to Qatar University, please contact us at: Phone: (+974) 4403-4444 Email: adm.inquiry@qu.edu.qa