Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the main menu Directory News & Stories Athletics Events Information For Current Students Alums Parents & Families Faculty Staff Five College Students New Students Prospective employees Apply Give Academics Find Your Program STEM at Mount Holyoke The Arts at Mount Holyoke Enhance Your Learning International Learning After Mount Holyoke Academic Centers and Facilities Academic Support and Resources Faculty Mentorship Research Excellence and Opportunity Degrees and Graduation Requirements Faculty Accomplishments Why Mount Holyoke? Alums Leading the Way Admission and Financial Aid Undergraduate Visiting or Connecting with Mount Holyoke Inclusive Admission Join our mailing list First-Year Application Process Financial Aid Student Experience Living on Campus Campus Experience Community and Belonging Beyond Campus Athletics Living on Campus Why Mount Holyoke Alum Network and Support At a Glance Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Forged in dissent: Raise your voice for MHC Mission and Administration News & Stories Sustainability We Are Mount Holyoke Why a Women's College? Open the search panel Search Home Admission & Financial Aid Apply as an Undergraduate Application Process International Admission International Admission It's free to apply to Mount Holyoke College. Application process Live and learn alongside students from the U.S. and from more than 70 other countries at a college where international students are a vital part of our community. Diverse people and perspectives make our college a vibrant and energizing place, which is why Mount Holyoke has welcomed and supported international students from the beginning. International students make up over 20% of our student body - creating all kinds of opportunities for personal and academic growth. What does it mean to be an international student? The College defines international students as those who do not hold U.S. citizenship or U.S. permanent residency or qualify for U.S. refugee or DACA status. Of course, the perspectives and life experiences of U.S. students who live abroad, as well as U.S. permanent residents, refugees and DACA students are recognized and valued, even though they are not considered traditional international students. Regardless of citizenship, first- year applications are reviewed according to the country in which a student is educated. This means that if you're an international student who attends school in the United States, your application will be reviewed by the domestic admission staff. Transfer applications are reviewed by our transfer admission team, regardless of citizenship or the country of the transfer institution. If you're an international student who is transferring from another higher education institution, please apply as a transfer student. If you are an international student over the age of 25, please apply through the Frances Perkins Scholars program . Application materials To apply, please submit the following items: Common Application or Coalition Application on Scoir . Please only submit one application. Secondary School Report, including official high school transcript. Counselor recommendation. Two letters of recommendation, one of which should be from a core academic subject teacher, such as English, Foreign Language, History/Social Studies, Mathematics and Sciences. Mount Holyoke writing supplement (optional). Standardized test scores (optional). Art supplement (optional). English Proficiency Test Scores (for nonnative English speakers). Early Decision Agreement (if applicable). Midyear report for Regular Decision applicants only (due February 15)*. International Financial Declaration, IFD (this form is required for non-U.S. citizens who are not seeking need-based financial aid. A link to the form will appear in the application status page checklist if it is required). *Important: Mount Holyoke requires the submission of midyear grades from applicants in order to consider your application complete. If you attend a school that does not provide midyear grades, contact us for guidance. Financial Aid Documentation (if applying for need-based aid) Note: All applicants to Mount Holyoke College are automatically considered for merit aid. CSS Profile (required of students applying for need-based financial aid). Parental tax return or income verification Submitting documents Translations. If your secondary school documents and letters of recommendation are not in English, professional translated documents must be submitted. Many Education USA offices offer low-cost translation services. Translations are also required for any documents submitted to Student Financial Services. Official documents. Transcripts, standardized test results and English proficiency results are expected to be submitted as official documents. English proficiency test results (Cambridge Academic English, Duolingo English Test, IELTS, Pearson and TOEFL) may be self-reported by uploading a PDF of the score report to the applicant portal using the English Proficiency Results link. English proficiency scores reported within the Common App or Coalition App do not meet Mount Holyoke's English proficiency requirement. SAT and ACT results reported within the Common App or Coalition App will be considered for admission. All admitted students who choose to enroll must submit official (send directly to Mount Holyoke from the test agency) test results prior to entering Mount Holyoke. Using an agent. It is not necessary to hire an agent to achieve admission to Mount Holyoke College. If we detect a portion of an application was completed by someone other than the applicant, that application may be denied. In addition, the contact information on the Common or Coalition Application must be the student's. We do not communicate with agents. Resources and quick links Application deadlines Financial aid Frequently asked questions Financial Aid Frequently Asked Questions Merit scholarships Mount Holyoke by the numbers Mount Holyoke has nearly two centuries of experience in welcoming - and supporting - international students. As one student says, "It feels like a sample population of the world, like little pieces of cities around the globe have migrated onto campus." The flexibility and choice that are hallmarks of the liberal arts and sciences education are two of the most compelling reasons that international students choose to study in the United States. More fast facts about Mount Holyoke College 20% International student population With over 70 countries represented, Mount Holyoke has the most globally diverse students of any liberal arts college in the U.S. This diversity provides a uniquely powerful context for global learning in the residence halls, classes and campus life. 70+ Countries represented Our 2,200 students hail from 45 states and over 70 countries. 40+ Departmental and interdepartmental majors Psychology, biology and English are among the top five. Our newest and fastest growing major? Data science. 40% Excellence in STEM We excel in preparing students for careers in science, technology, engineering and math. 40% of our students major in STEM fields - a higher proportion of women than at coeducational institutions. 5 The Five College Consortium A longstanding partnership between four esteemed institutions of higher education - Mount Holyoke, Amherst, and Smith Colleges, and the University of Massachusetts at Amherst - means limitless opportunity for Mount Holyoke students. 94% Career outcomes 94% of graduates from the class of 2025 for whom outcomes data could be obtained (70% of the class) were employed and/or in graduate school within six months following graduation. Admission by the numbers 3.9/4.0 Average GPA 75% of the class of 2028 were in the top 20% of their high school classes. 105 Average English Proficiency Score The average Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) score for admitted students is 105. 45% Incoming international students receiving aid 45% of incoming international students receive need-based financial aid (average award USD $58,686) or merit scholarships (average award USD $17,500). Campus Voices The International student experience Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. The promise of possibility Fatima Shah '26 she/her The continuous work of being in community Reva Babbar '28 she/her Widening my horizons in D.C. Myra Arif Zia '26 she/her More international student stories More in International Admission Financial Aid Application FAQs English Proficiency Requirements International Admission FAQ Contact us Office of Admission The Office of Admission is dedicated to helping students begin their college journey at Mount Holyoke. admission@mtholyoke.edu 413-538-2023 Harriett Newhall Center Check the Visit Calendar for virtual visit and interview options Quick links Visit Mount Holyoke Request Information Apply 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Academics Admission and Financial Aid Student Experience Why Mount Holyoke Giving Visit Mount Holyoke Events Academic Calendar Athletics Careers Campus Map Consumer Information Connect with Us Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Youtube TikTok Non-Discrimination Statement Mount Holyoke College is a women's college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law. Copyright © 2026 Trustees of Mount Holyoke College Digital Privacy Statement Terms of Use Land Acknowledgement Statement Community Reporting