Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the main menu Directory News & Stories Athletics Events Information For Current Students Alums Parents & Families Faculty Staff Five College Students New Students Prospective employees Apply Give Academics Find Your Program STEM at Mount Holyoke The Arts at Mount Holyoke Enhance Your Learning International Learning After Mount Holyoke Academic Centers and Facilities Academic Support and Resources Faculty Mentorship Research Excellence and Opportunity Degrees and Graduation Requirements Faculty Accomplishments Why Mount Holyoke? Alums Leading the Way Admission and Financial Aid Undergraduate Visiting or Connecting with Mount Holyoke Inclusive Admission Join our mailing list First-Year Application Process Financial Aid Student Experience Living on Campus Campus Experience Community and Belonging Beyond Campus Athletics Living on Campus Why Mount Holyoke Alum Network and Support At a Glance Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Forged in dissent: Raise your voice for MHC Mission and Administration News & Stories Sustainability We Are Mount Holyoke Why a Women's College? Open the search panel Search Home Admission & Financial Aid Inclusive Admission Inclusive Admission Come as you are At Mount Holyoke, we're ourselves, together. Here we celebrate people for who they are. Our community welcomes people from around the world and of many backgrounds, cultures, beliefs and identities. Building and nurturing a diverse, equitable and inclusive community is a priority for us as a college, a community and an admission department. As a gender diverse women's college, we welcome applications from female, transgender and nonbinary students. During the admission process, we seek students who are deeply curious - because both the pursuit of big ideas and a passion for taking bold actions that make the world a better place energize everything our students do. We're excited to hear your story and how we can be a part of it as you extend your knowledge and expand possibilities for yourself, your communities and the world. A truly global community We believe that conversation and collaboration cultivate community, and diversity enriches it. That's why our campus looks like the world, and the world looks like our campus. And because of that, we have better ideas, deeper insights and stronger connections. Community and Belonging 20% International student population With over 70 countries represented, Mount Holyoke has the most globally diverse students of any liberal arts college in the U.S. This diversity provides a uniquely powerful context for global learning in the residence halls, classes and campus life. 28% Domestic students of color 28% of students identify as domestic students of color (African American, Asian American, Latinx, Native American or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, or multiracial). 70+ Countries represented Our 2,200 students hail from 45 states and over 70 countries. Meet Mount Holyoke We value the perspectives and experiences each person brings to Mount Holyoke. From students who are from rural communities or the heart of the city to those who are homeschooled, LGBTQIA+, international or first generation to those who identify with any of these experiences or proudly define their own - everyone is welcome here. These are some of our stories: Sophia Jung she/her "As a transfer student, I knew exactly what kind of environment and resources I needed to grow as a student and person. Mount Holyoke College had everything I needed and more - the supportive environment, abundance of resources and funding, perfect balance between academics and social life, and commitment to excellence inside and outside of the classroom. I am so thankful to be here." Read Sophia's Story Finley Severin he/him, they/them "I feel so lucky to be in an environment where I feel so comfortable being myself. In the classroom I feel listened to and unafraid to participate. Amongst my peers I feel seen and cared for. It is an incredible experience to feel so safe and held by my community." Learn about LGBTQIA+ student resources Kass Lawrence she/her "As a female athlete, I wanted to be able to prioritize both academics and athletics in college. Playing sports at a gender-diverse women's college is super empowering because we will always be prioritized for optimal playing times, practice times, and game times - an experience I did not have in high school." Check out athletics at Mount Holyoke Iyana Alleyne she/her "As an international student, I really appreciate the effort that dining services put into making culturally diverse meals. It's nice to see food from my region on the menu or to get to learn a bit more about the food from another area. I also love the mini-celebrations that accompany new foods. This small move to make everyone feel included goes a long way." Learn about international admission Wil Abam-DePass she/her "Mount Holyoke promotes a culture of innovation by ensuring each student has access to the resources they need to tap into their full potential. As a filmmaker, I'm interested in changing the existing narrative of Black struggle in film. With the support of faculty and peers and through access to the amazing equipment in our new, full film studio, I'm producing a documentary about Black love. Imagination isn't hampered by limits here - I have the space and tools to tell exactly the story I want." Explore the Film, Media, Theater major Louise Olivier she/her "Coming from a big city, I was concerned that going to school in a smaller town would feel lonely or even boring. But because campus life is so vibrant and robust, and nearby towns and cities are so easily accessible, Mount Holyoke campus life has always felt exciting and full of fresh opportunities." Get to know the area beyond our campus Kalea Martin she/her "The cultural centers are more than just places to hang out - they are safe spaces that encourage expression. I can't stress enough how invaluable it is to have designated spaces for students who share similar experiences and identities. You are automatically understood, and can unapologetically exist and express yourself without feeling like you have to justify your words or your worth. You can just be real with one another, and grow - as I have - into a better person, scholar and leader." Read Kalea's story Isabel DiBiasio-Hudson they/them "For me it was essential to be in a space that was not only safe for me as a non-binary person but where I could find peers and be affirmed in my identity in all contexts across campus. Mount Holyoke offered that to a degree that I didn't know was possible." Explore diversity, equity and inclusion at MHC Ambar Mejia-Villagra she/her "As a first-generation college student, I wanted a learning environment dedicated to helping me reach my goals. I was drawn by Mount Holyoke's legacy of cultivating change-makers and activists. With such a diverse student body, discussions here are vibrant and passionate." Learn more about the first-generation experience Load More More in Inclusive Admission Mount Holyoke College statement on legacy admissions Quick links Visit Mount Holyoke Request Information Apply 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Academics Admission and Financial Aid Student Experience Why Mount Holyoke Giving Visit Mount Holyoke Events Academic Calendar Athletics Careers Campus Map Consumer Information Connect with Us Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Youtube TikTok Non-Discrimination Statement Mount Holyoke College is a women's college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law. Copyright © 2026 Trustees of Mount Holyoke College Digital Privacy Statement Terms of Use Land Acknowledgement Statement Community Reporting