Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the main menu Directory News & Stories Athletics Events Information For Current Students Alums Parents & Families Faculty Staff Five College Students New Students Prospective employees Apply Give Academics Find Your Program STEM at Mount Holyoke The Arts at Mount Holyoke Enhance Your Learning International Learning After Mount Holyoke Academic Centers and Facilities Academic Support and Resources Faculty Mentorship Research Excellence and Opportunity Degrees and Graduation Requirements Faculty Accomplishments Why Mount Holyoke? Alums Leading the Way Admission and Financial Aid Undergraduate Visiting or Connecting with Mount Holyoke Inclusive Admission Join our mailing list First-Year Application Process Financial Aid Student Experience Living on Campus Campus Experience Community and Belonging Beyond Campus Athletics Living on Campus Why Mount Holyoke Alum Network and Support At a Glance Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Forged in dissent: Raise your voice for MHC Mission and Administration News & Stories Sustainability We Are Mount Holyoke Why a Women's College? Open the search panel Search Home Admission & Financial Aid Apply as an Undergraduate Affording Mount Holyoke Financial Aid Applying for Aid Applying for Aid We know your need is unique. There is no single path to paying for college, but if you're interested in need-based financial aid, here's a step-by-step guide to the application process. Please contact us with any questions - we're happy to help! Application process Whether you're applying for aid for the first time or renewing your award, these are the steps you'll follow each time. 1. Indicate your intent to apply for financial aid. As you complete your admission application, please be sure to indicate your intent to apply for need-based financial aid. Once you have submitted the Common Application or the Coalition Application to the Office of Admission, you will be given access to an applicant status page. There, you will be able to see and track your specific requirements by checking the financial aid tab in your applicant status portal. Please check this page often as we may require additional information once we begin a review of your file. The Office of Admission makes most of its admission decisions without regard to a family's financial resources or "need." The College is committed to meeting the full calculated need of every enrolled student. Aid can be used to assist with non-tuition costs, such as room and board. U.S. citizens and permanent residents will be considered for federal, state and institutional aid. International students will be considered for institutional aid. 2. Complete all required steps and forms. Applying for financial aid differs depending on your citizenship and application status. Most students are eligible for financial aid. See the tabbed section on this page for more information on your applicant group. 3. Receive your financial aid package. After you've applied, the College will determine how much aid you can receive in the form of grants, loans and/or student employment. If you submit your financial aid requirements by the posted deadlines, you will likely receive your financial aid package details with your offer of admission. 4. Maintain eligibility. To remain eligible for aid, you must maintain a minimum cumulative GPA of 2.0 and make consistent progress toward your degree. If you are placed on academic probation, you will remain eligible for financial aid for the first semester of your probation. There is an appeals process if you lose your eligibility for need-based aid due to not making satisfactory academic progress. 5. U.S. citizens, permanent residents and DACA/undocumented students only: Reapply for aid each year. If you are a U.S. citizen, permanent resident or DACA/undocumented student, you need to reapply for aid each year by the published deadline. Let us know about any significant changes in family income, assets or employment. We know circumstances can change year-to-year, so we redetermine your family contribution and your aid package accordingly. If you are an international student , you only apply for financial aid once, at the time you apply for admission to the College. Your family contribution will remain the same for all four years. Quick Links Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) School code: 002192 CSS Profile School code: 3529 College Board's Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC) Financial aid deadlines Book an appointment with Student Financial Services Specific application instructions by applicant group U.S. applicants (first-year and transfer) International applicants (first-year and transfer) Frances Perkins applicants DACA and undocumented applicants U.S. applicants (first-year and transfer) We're here to support and guide you throughout the application process and in managing the cost of a Mount Holyoke education. As you read through the list of required items for your financial aid application, you can contact us with any questions. Application requirements 1. When applying to the college, indicate on your admission application an intent to apply for need-based financial aid, and submit all financial aid application requirements for the appropriate application year. Late or incomplete applications will be considered as funds are available. If you do not indicate that you intend to apply for financial aid when you complete your admission application and submit a complete financial aid application, you can not be considered for financial aid from the college until you have completed two semesters. Please note: You can apply for federal financial aid at any point throughout the application cycle or the academic year. 2. Complete a CSS Profile form we use to collect family information to use to award Mount Holyoke need-based financial aid. Our school code for the CSS Profile is 3529. The Profile is not required if you are applying for only federal aid. Eligibility for CSS Profile fee waiver is determined by the College Board at the time you submit your Profile application. Transfer students : A CSS Profile is required for transfer students applying for need-based financial aid. See application requirements and deadlines . Noncustodial parent: A CSS Profile is required from each parent of an applicant whose biological or adoptive parents are not married to each other - each parent must fill out a Profile. If the parents are living together, however, financial information for both parents should be included on one CSS Profile. 3. Complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to determine your eligibility for federal financial aid (i.e., grant, loan and work-study). Our school code is 002192. Transfer students: Complete the FAFSA for the award year for which you will be entering the College. 4. Upload all federal tax returns for both parent(s) and student to the College Board's Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Federal tax return, all schedules and all W-2s are required from the parent(s), including the noncustodial parent if applicable, and the student. Tax returns for any corporations, partnerships or trusts the parent or student owns are also required (Forms 1041, 1065, 1120, 1120S, K-1). Transfer students: Student and parent tax information is required for all transfer applicants. To ensure that you are uploading to IDOC the appropriate year's tax information, you need to refer to your requirements listed in your applicant status portal. You will have access to IDOC to upload documents once you complete your CSS Profile. Once you have submitted the Common Application or the Coalition Application to the Office of Admission and set up your applicant status page, you will be able to see your specific requirements by checking the financial aid tab in your applicant status portal. (Please check this page often as we may require additional information once we begin a review of your file.) International applicants (first-year and transfer) Mount Holyoke provides need-based financial aid to qualifying international applicants. (Applicants are automatically considered for merit assistance with their admission application.) We're here to guide and support you throughout the application process and in managing the cost of a Mount Holyoke education. Please contact us with any questions you may have. Before you start Review how aid works for answers to common questions. Review the financial aid application deadlines . Financial aid application requirements 1. Indicate on your admission application that you intend to apply for need-based financial aid, and submit a complete financial aid application by the published deadlines. If you do not apply for financial aid on your admission application, you will not be eligible for need-based aid at any time during your four years at Mount Holyoke. 2. Complete a CSS Profile by the established deadlines. The online CSS Profile is required of all financial aid candidates. Our school code is 3529. Important: When completing the "Offered Resources" question on the CSS Profile, offer only guaranteed resources that will be available annually in support of your educational expenses for each year that you are enrolled. We cannot consider a change to the family contribution once it has been determined. If your biological or adoptive parents are divorced or separated, the noncustodial parent should also submit a CSS Profile. 3. Upload tax returns or other income documentation, translated into English if applicable, directly to your admission portal. We require a copy of your most recent parental tax return translated into English. If a tax return is not filed, a letter from the parents' employers attesting to their annual salaries is acceptable. The letter should include the gross salary and a list of deductions that are taken out from the gross salary such as taxes, insurance, housing or other deductions. 4. Track financial aid application status. Once you have submitted the Common Application or the Coalition Application to the Office of Admission and set up your applicant status page, you will be able to see your specific requirements by checking the financial aid tab in your applicant status portal. (Please check this page often as we may require additional information once we begin a review of your file.) Components of the financial aid package for international students A student's financial aid package is based on individual family circumstances and Mount Holyoke's aid policies. A typical financial aid package consists of some combination of: Need-based grants (which do not need to be repaid). A fixed-interest student loan (which requires repayment to start once you leave the College). Student loans increase by approximately USD 1,000 each year, with total estimated indebtedness ranging from USD 20,000 to approximately USD 28,000 over four years. Campus employment earnings (which help defray the cost of books and personal expenses). The financial aid package helps to cover the difference between the calculated family contribution and Mount Holyoke's cost of attendance. Family contribution The family contribution, or how much the family is expected to contribute to the cost of the student's education, is based on an assessment of the financial aid application information using the College's need-based financial aid formula. Frances Perkins applicants Applicants admitted to the Frances Perkins program will receive the Frances Perkins Tuition Scholarship. This scholarship covers the cost of tuition. Frances Perkins students (FPs) are not required to apply for need-based financial aid to be considered for the scholarship. How to apply for financial aid in addition to the Frances Perkins Tuition Scholarship The College uses standard federal and institutional formulas to determine eligibility for federal, state and institutional financial aid. This includes a review of your income and assets, as well as those of your spouse, if applicable. All applicants Complete the "Frances Perkins Credit Enrollment Form" on your financial aid status page in your admission application. Both resident and commuting students may be eligible for additional student loans to help cover the College's student health insurance premium and a one time computer purchase, if student loan maximums have not been reached. Please contact our office if you have any questions about using student loans to cover these additional expenses. U.S. citizens and permanent residents Complete the FAFSA to apply for federal and state grants and loans. The financial aid deadlines for U.S. transfer applicants also apply to U.S. Frances Perkins applicants. International and undocumented or DACA students Apply for a College loan or campus employment by filing the CSS Profile and providing verification of income. The financial aid deadlines for international applicants also apply to international Frances Perkins applicants. Commuting students If you plan to be a commuting student, you will be asked to enter the number of credits that you plan to enroll in for the fall and the spring semesters. This allows us to build a financial aid budget for you. Funding maximums for institutional aid College funding for resident Frances Perkins scholars is limited based on the total number of credits accepted for transfer at any point. See the funding maximums page for more details. DACA and undocumented applicants Mount Holyoke College considers DACA and undocumented status students for both merit scholarships and need-based financial aid. All applicants are automatically considered for merit scholarships with their admission application. We're here to support and guide you throughout the application process and in managing the cost of a Mount Holyoke education. Please contact us with any questions you may have. To apply for need-based financial aid from the College, follow the standard process for your student type (i.e., first year, transfer, or Frances Perkins), but do not file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, (FAFSA). If you have not identified as an undocumented or DACA status student, you should complete the financial aid application requirements for international applicants . For more information, The National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators provides a helpful tip sheet for undocumented students . More in Applying for Aid FAFSA Verification Process Financial Aid Deadlines Contact us Office of Student Financial Services From financial aid to billing, we're here to guide your family with clarity and care. sfs@mtholyoke.edu 413-538-2291 16 Skinner Hall Quick links Visit Mount Holyoke Request Information Apply 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Academics Admission and Financial Aid Student Experience Why Mount Holyoke Giving Visit Mount Holyoke Events Academic Calendar Athletics Careers Campus Map Consumer Information Connect with Us Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Youtube TikTok Non-Discrimination Statement Mount Holyoke College is a women's college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law. Copyright © 2026 Trustees of Mount Holyoke College Digital Privacy Statement Terms of Use Land Acknowledgement Statement Community Reporting