Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the main menu Directory News & Stories Athletics Events Information For Current Students Alums Parents & Families Faculty Staff Five College Students New Students Prospective employees Apply Give Academics Find Your Program STEM at Mount Holyoke The Arts at Mount Holyoke Enhance Your Learning International Learning After Mount Holyoke Academic Centers and Facilities Academic Support and Resources Faculty Mentorship Research Excellence and Opportunity Degrees and Graduation Requirements Faculty Accomplishments Why Mount Holyoke? Alums Leading the Way Admission and Financial Aid Undergraduate Visiting or Connecting with Mount Holyoke Inclusive Admission Join our mailing list First-Year Application Process Financial Aid Student Experience Living on Campus Campus Experience Community and Belonging Beyond Campus Athletics Living on Campus Why Mount Holyoke Alum Network and Support At a Glance Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Forged in dissent: Raise your voice for MHC Mission and Administration News & Stories Sustainability We Are Mount Holyoke Why a Women's College? Open the search panel Search Home Admission & Financial Aid Apply as an Undergraduate Affording Mount Holyoke Financial Aid How Aid Works Eligibility for Need-based Financial Aid Eligibility for Need-based Financial Aid The family contribution The family contribution is the amount you and your family will be expected to provide for your education. It is calculated based on an assessment of your family's income and asset information and then verified with documentation such as certified tax returns or certified letters from your parents' employers, along with bank statements. After we review your financial aid application, if your calculated family contribution is less than the cost of education, you will be eligible for financial aid. If your family contribution is determined to be higher than the cost of education, you are not eligible for need-based financial aid. Special circumstances that may affect your family contribution Divorced or separated parents In determining your eligibility for financial aid from Mount Holyoke (as opposed to from the federal government or other sources), the College considers information from both parents. If your parents are remarried, financial information from their current spouses is also considered. If you have special circumstances regarding a divorced or separated parental situation, please complete the Noncustodial Parent Waiver Request and submit with third party documentation to Student Financial Services. Request for reconsideration of the family contribution Student Financial Services accepts requests for reconsideration of the family contribution under certain circumstances, including financial support of an elderly parent, unreimbursed medical expenses or long-term loss of employment. We are unable to consider requests for reconsideration based on circumstances such as cash flow shortages, home repair costs or consumer debt. The Request for Reconsideration form must be submitted with supporting documentation. Eligibility details by student status Satisfactory academic progress All students must maintain satisfactory academic progress in order to remain eligible for financial aid. U.S. citizens, permanent residents and undocumented and DACA students If you did not indicate an intent to apply for need-based aid on your admission application, you cannot be considered for need-based grants, loans and work-study awarded by the College until you have completed two semesters of enrollment at Mount Holyoke. This does not apply to federal aid, which you can apply for at any time during the application cycle or the academic year. The family contribution from year to year Your calculated family contribution is likely to be relatively consistent, or increase modestly, from year to year, unless you have a significant change in family income or assets, a change in the number of dependents supported or a change in the number of dependent children attending four-year undergraduate institutions. Independent students definition Mount Holyoke College follows the federal definition of an independent student with the following important exception: If you enroll as a dependent student at Mount Holyoke, you will always be considered a dependent student. Regardless of changes in your family situation, marital status, time away from the College due to nonacademic leave, or withdrawal status, you cannot be considered as an independent student. In some cases, you will be asked to supply parental or guardian information, even if you meet the above federal requirements. Please contact Student Financial Services if you have any questions regarding independent student status. To be considered an independent student according to the federal definition, you must be one of the following: At least 24 years old by December 31 of the award year. Married. A person with legal dependents other than a spouse. An orphan or a ward of the court after age 13. The ward of a court-appointed legal guardian after age 13. An unaccompanied youth who is homeless or at risk of being homeless after age 13. A veteran of U.S. military service or currently serving on active duty for purposes other than training. While Mount Holyoke welcomes students interested in earning a second bachelor's degree, second degree candidates are not eligible for financial aid from the College. International students To be considered for financial aid, international students must indicate their desire to apply for financial aid on their admission application and complete all financial aid application requirements by the published deadlines. International students who do not apply for financial aid at the time of admission will not be considered for financial aid at any time during their enrollment at the College, regardless of any change in their personal or financial circumstances. The family contribution For international students, your family contribution (the amount your family is expected to pay annually) is finalized when you enroll and will be the same each year until graduation, regardless of changes in family financial circumstances, including a younger sibling's enrollment in college, or currency fluctuations. Additional costs Annual costs for the student beyond the comprehensive fee include the cost of the annual student health insurance premium (approved health insurance is required of all students attending college in Massachusetts), travel costs, and the estimated personal and book expenses of $2,000. The financial aid package A typical financial aid package for an international student consists of need-based grant aid , a fixed-interest student loan and student employment . Due to College financial aid policies, some aid packages may not include the maximum amount of student loan or campus employment each year. Please expect the student loan component of the package to increase by at least $1,000 a year. Requests for reconsideration If there are unanticipated, permanent and significant changes in your family's financial circumstances, you can submit a request for reconsideration, provided you applied for financial aid when you first applied to Mount Holyoke. Additional documentation will be required in support of the request. Exchange students Exchange students attending MHC are not eligible for financial aid from the College and should not assume that they will be eligible for campus employment. Students who hold scholarships from sources other than Mount Holyoke should check with Student Financial Services regarding possibly using them while on an exchange program. Contact Us Office of Student Financial Services From financial aid to billing, we're here to guide your family with clarity and care. sfs@mtholyoke.edu 413-538-2291 16 Skinner Hall Quick links Visit Mount Holyoke Request Information Apply 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Academics Admission and Financial Aid Student Experience Why Mount Holyoke Giving Visit Mount Holyoke Events Academic Calendar Athletics Careers Campus Map Consumer Information Connect with Us Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Youtube TikTok Non-Discrimination Statement Mount Holyoke College is a women's college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law. Copyright © 2026 Trustees of Mount Holyoke College Digital Privacy Statement Terms of Use Land Acknowledgement Statement Community Reporting