International Affairs Office About Us ▾ Khazar at a Glance ▸ Film about Khazar University About Khazar Why Khazar Studying at Khazar Khazar in Rankings Meet Our Team Our Services Admission ▾ Studying in Khazar University Admission Requirements Fees and Funding How to Apply ▸ Bachelor Master PhD Scholarships Student Transfer Study Abroad ▾ Dual Degree Call for Mobilities Mevlana Exchange Program ▸ Student - Application requirements Staff - Application requirements Erasmus+ Student Mobility ▸ Student Mobilities Staff Mobilities Bilateral Exchange Opportunities ▸ Incoming Exchange Students Outgoing Student Exchange Partnership ▾ Our Partners Current Projects Past Projects Work with Embassies International Partnerships Student Life ▾ Discover Azerbaijan Blogs Tips to Live in Baku University Dormitory Canteen Student Life Sport Facilities Immigration ▸ Education Visa 15 day registration Temporary Residence Permit FAQ Contact Us Admission Requirements Main / Admission / Admission Requirements Apply Admission requirements Nationals of other countries can directly apply to the University from their home countries. In order to apply, applicants need to fill in the application form. Undergraduate admission Nationals of all countries can apply to Khazar's undergraduate programs. In order to be eligible, applicants should have completed their secondary education successfully before the start of the academic year they apply to. Postgraduate admission Khazar University's postgraduate programs are open to nationals of all countries. In order to be eligible for master programs, the applicants should have completed bachelor's education before the start of the academic year they apply for. In order to be eligible for PhD programs the applicants should have completed master's degree before the start of the academic year they apply for. Applicants' chosen master's and PhD programs should be relevant to their bachelor's degree. This rule does not apply to MBA programs. For more information, please refer to Master's admissions requirements page For more information about PhD admissions, please refer to PhD admissions requirements page More information about the requirements can be found at How to Apply . Copyright © Khazar University, 2026