Skip to main content Search by profile Student / Candidate Faculty member Entrepreneur Executive / Manager Company Alumni Corporate website The Ecole Polytechnique Foundation Contact us Directory Search Student login en fr MENU Bachelor About the bachelor Key features Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! Visit Ecole polytechnique Return Bachelor Image About the bachelor Key features Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Image About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs Image About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! What's the program like, why they applied, how the campus life is.. Ask all your questions to our students! Image Visit Ecole polytechnique Come and discover École Polytechnique's campus, with our virtual campus tour experience or in person! Image Home Bachelor About the bachelor Key features Share Imprimer Facebook Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on WhatsApp Courriel Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Science Contact us Apply Now! Download the brochure PROGRAM OVERVIEW The Bachelor of Science is a three-year program designed for students with a strong interest in Mathematics and Science. This highly selective and multidisciplinary program is taught entirely in English. The Bachelor of Science is an intense program leading to a double major that allows students to develop strong knowledge and skills in either discipline. Our students benefit from an exceptional learning environment in which they have access to cutting-edge facilities located in École Polytechnique's Research Centers. Three Years - 180 ECTS Three Double Majors September International In France In English Fees for EU Students: €15,900 / year Fees for non-EU Students: €19,200 / year Rates are subject to change. PROGRAM FEATURES Image Selectivity Like all of Ecole Polytechnique's academic programs, the Bachelor is designed for top level students, with very high potential, capable of following a rich and demanding curriculum. Ecole Polytechnique is ranked as one of the World's best small universities. As such, the class sizes in the Bachelor Program are voluntarily small, allowing close interaction with professors and better cohesion between students in the program. During the selection process, we look for a demonstration of the skills and aptitude necessary to succeed in the program. For example, the ability to think and work both independently and as a team, together with the motivation to follow a demanding curriculum. We are looking for qualities such as team spirit, perseverance and dynamism. Successful applicants should also demonstrate their interest for the program and explain why they believe it is well suited for them. Image Research-Oriented Learning Students benefit from an exceptional learning environment in which they have access to cutting-edge facilities located in Ecole Polytechnique's Research Centers. Bachelor students get to not only learn concepts, but also experiment them spending time in Ecole Polytechnique cutting-edge Research Center, working in the labs on real problems currently tackled by our scientists. Whichever specialization students choose, they have to do a Bachelor Thesis, carried out in the form of a research project. Students thus get to spend time in the lab, where they are interacting with scientists and get a feel of the day-to-day routine of PhD students, post-docs, technicians and prominent researchers. Students are also offered regular scientific conferences and seminars on current research themes as well as laboratory visits. Three Years to a Double Major For three years, our students follow a demanding multidisciplinary scientific curriculum. The first year is dedicated to acquiring the intellectual tools and fundamental knowledge which will be essential for the rest of their higher education. It is a year when they discover and experience several disciplines in order to better choose their specialization. As of the second and third years , students work towards one of three double majors: Mathematics and Physics Mathematics and Computer Science Mathematics and Economics Image In the third year , students have the option to study abroad for the fall semester at one of our partner universities, such as the University of Toronto, UC Berkeley, EPFL, KAIST, King's College London, or The University of Melbourne. In the spring, students have an eight-week research internship, at the end of which they must submit their Bachelor Thesis. Mathematics at the Center of the Program: The Mathematics courses given in Ecole Polytechnique's Bachelor Program are designed to fit any subsequent specialization streams (Physics, Economics, Computer Science). A notable point is the attention given from the beginning of the course to applications across the spectrum of Mathematics (Numerical Simulation and Calculations, Randomness and Data, Arithmetic Related Cryptology etc.). Student life This video dates back to 2023. Since then, the program has continued to grow and evolve. Highlights International Exposure 80% International Students 40% of international faculty at l'X 37 nationalities in the Bachelor The Bachelor students enjoy a truly international setting. Ecole Polytechnique offers a multicultural environment promoting diversity and nourishing intercultural dialogue. The study of at least one foreign language is a mandatory part of the curriculum. The possibility for Bachelor students to study abroad during one semester is also offered in their third year. Personal Development Ecole Polytechnique's Bachelor of science is a multidisciplinary degree for internationally-oriented students who hold dear the values of excellence, audacity and integrity. They are dedicated and well-rounded individuals, who get involved both inside and outside of class. For three years, they are guided and supported by world-class professors and staff. During their time in the program, our students are guided and supported by several student services teams, including personal development coaches, that help them fit in, support them in any non-academic related matters and help create cohesion between the students. Learn more about student support in the program . Soft Skills On top of their education in fundamental sciences, our Bachelor students follow several courses providing them with the complementary soft skills to round out their background and knowledge. Through courses in Humanities and Social Sciences, they discover artistic and literary masterpieces, learn about French and European political systems and discuss ethical questions related to sciences. They also have classes in Foreign Languages and Cultures (Chinese, English, French as a foreign language, German, Italian, Japanese, Spanish), Innovation Management and Entrepreneurship. In addition, students practice Sports least once a week and get to benefit from the campus' great facilities including dorms, health care center, swimming pool, climbing wall, lake for rowing, and horseback riding. 0 % International Faculty at Ecole Polytechnique 0 % International Students in the Program 0 Nationalities in the Bachelor Program And After Graduation? The primary purpose of the Bachelor program is to open the doors of various Master's and graduate degree programs, at Ecole Polytechnique or other major institutions worldwide. In 2020, our students received offers from these universities: Berkeley, Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi , Caltech , University of Cambridge , Carnegie Mellon University , CentraleSupélec , Columbia University , TUDelft , emlyon Business School, Ecole Normale Supérieure Paris-Saclay , ENS PSL , Grenoble INP Ensimag , EPFL , ESADE , ESCP Business School, ETH Zürich , HEC Paris , HULT , Imperial College London , INSEAD , ISAE Supaero , King's College London , KTH , London School of Economics , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , University of Oxford , Paris School of Economics , PSL , Princeton University , Science Po , Sorbonne Université , Stanford , Stockholm School of Economics , TUM , UCL , University of Massachusetts , Université de Montréal , University of Pennsylvania , The University of Edinburgh , Université de Strasbourg , UVSQ , University of Toronto , Université Paris Dauphine . Students receive support and coaching to further pursue their studies in the domains of their dream, such as cryptography, Big Data, astrophysics, mechanics, robotics, finances, energy management, nanotechnologies, monetary policy, development economics, business strategy, materials chemistry, biotechnology… Visit the Ecole Polytechnique Alumni Association website Read our latest Graduate Outcomes report Degrees awarded This Program is accredited by the French Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation to award a "grade de licence" , which is the official undergraduate degree in French higher education. This accreditation makes our students eligible for Master and graduate level programs, both in France and abroad. ECOLE POLYTECHNIQUE Route de Saclay 91128 PALAISEAU Cedex France Contact Us Other sites Corporate website Foundation Alumni L'X Bachelor of Science MSc&T Copyright All Right Reserved 2026 - Ecole Polytechnique © - Conception : www.emyl-design.com Legal terms DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY : NON-COMPLIANT