Skip to main content Search by profile Student / Candidate Faculty member Entrepreneur Executive / Manager Company Alumni Corporate website The Ecole Polytechnique Foundation Contact us Directory Search Student login en fr MENU Bachelor About the bachelor Key features Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! Visit Ecole polytechnique Return Bachelor Image About the bachelor Key features Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Image About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs Image About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! What's the program like, why they applied, how the campus life is.. Ask all your questions to our students! Image Visit Ecole polytechnique Come and discover École Polytechnique's campus, with our virtual campus tour experience or in person! Image Home Bachelor Admissions Admissions Procedure Share Imprimer Facebook Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on WhatsApp Courriel Bachelor Admissions Criteria and Procedure Contact us Apply Now! Download the brochure Admission Criteria NEWS! UNIFIED APPLICATION: Starting in 2025, one application is all you need for both the BS and BS/MS Columbia tracks ! Your final choice of track will be made in Semester 2 - giving you more time to decide what's right for you. TRANSFER STUDENTS: Please note that applications for the Bachelor Program are only considered for admission to Year 1. We are unable to accept transfer students in Years 2 and 3 of the Program . Apply Now! General Admission Requirements Applicants must meet one of the following requirements: Currently be studying for a high school leaving certificate, recognized either internationally or in the candidate's home country (French Baccalaureate, OIB, International Baccalaureate, Swiss high-school maturité certificate, European high-school certificate…) OR Currently be studying for a scientific university entrance certificate OR Have already obtained an entrance certificate to study science at a higher education institution (scientific university, specialized institute, French preparatory class…) Students are selected using a holistic approach to admissions. The Admissions Committee considers not only academics (i.e. strong academic performance in high school, especially in mathematics and science), but also non-academic factors . We recognize exemplary, sustained achievement in any field of intellectual or creative endeavor; accomplishments in extracurricular activities such as performing arts or athletics, scientific competitions, internships, leadership in your school or community, volunteering etc. Specific Admission Requirements Consistent with all of Ecole Polytechnique's academic programs, the Bachelor Program is designed for top students with very high potential, who are able to follow a rich and demanding curriculum . In addition to meeting the general admission requirements, applicants to École Polytechnique's Bachelor Program should also meet the following specific requirements: have an overall strong academic average take advanced mathematics courses, and at least one advanced science course have a level of English sufficient to successfully complete this Program (Common European Framework of Reference for Languages level C1) LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS English Candidates must prove their excellent knowledge of English via an internationally recognized English language certificate. The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) and the Internet-based Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL iBT) are accepted, along with the following Cambridge English tests: Advanced (CAE) and Proficiency (CPT). The test result should be less than two years old upon entering the Bachelor Program. We do not accept IGCSE as an English-level certificate. The minimum grades required are: TOEFL iBT............................................. 90 IELTS...................................................... 6,5 (minimum grade per each language skill: 6) Cambridge test - (CAE/CPE)................. B - 176 (minimum grade per each language skill: 169) Candidates must upload a copy of their IELTS, TOEFL iBT or Cambridge test results onto their online application form. Any test results submitted directly in electronic format from the English language certification organization are not accepted. If you have not yet received your test results when completing your online application, you may still apply to the Program. However, please note that any admission offer will be conditional upon receiving one of the English language certifications indicated above, at the required level. Native English-speaking candidates (need to provide a passport from an English-speaking country) or those who have followed a high school diploma or higher education course taught entirely in English for at least the two years preceding their entry into the Program may be exempted from providing such English-level certification. The Admission Committee reserves the right to reject exemption requests; it will confirm its decision definitively during the admission procedure. Application Procedure Please read the information on this page carefully and follow the guidelines to successfully complete your application. Applications to the Bachelor Program are only available through our online application system. Start as early as possible. It may take time to gather all supporting documents necessary for your application. Timeline To accommodate high school calendars from all over the world, there are three rounds of applications, with the first one starting in early september. They are no quota limits per application round , nor are there any quotas based on nationalities. Make sure you prepare your application carefully and apply when you are ready! BEWARE : Candidates can only apply once per academic year to the Bachelor Program , either via Parcoursup or via Ecole Polytechnique's online application system. It is not possible to apply to the Program via both platforms. Bachelor of Science You can find 2026 intakes right below . Follow us on social media Bachelor Ecole Polytechnique so as not to miss the announcement. Rounds Application Deadlines Interview Dates (for shortlisted candidates only) Final Admission Results Round 1 September 17, 2026 to October 20, 2026 at 11:59 PM (CEST) First two weeks of December January 2027 Round 2 October 21, 2026 to January 6, 2027 at 11:59 PM (CET) Feb-Mar, 2027 March 2027 Round 3 January 7, 2027 to February 8, 2027 at 2 PM (CET) Mar-Apr, 2027 April 2027 Parcoursup According to Parcoursup Learn more on parcoursup.fr Application File Applications to the Bachelor Program are only available through our online application system . Applicants must submit official academic transcripts, a personal statement, a CV, a form of ID, a photo, the application fee and contact details for two referents. Click on the link below to download the complete list of required documents. Download the list of required documents Our students and staff help you build the best possible application! Watch the video and read the article: How to Prepare a Strong Application: Tips from Current Bachelor Students . IMPORTANT : INFORMATION ON THE CAMPUS FRANCE PROCEDURE: Applications to the Bachelor Program are only available through our online application system. We are not in contact with Campus France , and you do not need to apply for a pre-registration to undergraduate studies with them. Any application to the Bachelor Program made through Campus France will not be examined by our Admissions Committee. Apply Now Application Fees Each applicant will be asked to pay an application fee of €105, payable by credit card or bank transfer. There is no application fee waiver available. Please note that an application fee waiver is available to students eligible to "La Bourse du lycée" (fees to be refunded upon submission of proof of eligibility). Download the online application payment form tutorial Shortlisted Applicants Shortlisted applicants receive an invitation for an interview, which will be conducted remotely (videoconference). The interview will last around 50 minutes and will be conducted entirely in English. Click below for more information about the interview. See how to prepare for the Interview After the interview, all elements of your application and the oral interview results are considered for your admission to the Bachelor Program . Our students and staff help you build the best possible application! Watch the video and read the article: How to Prepare your oral interview: Tips from Current Bachelor Students Decision All complete applications are reviewed by a board composed of faculty members and deans from École Polytechnique. The final decisions for admissions take into consideration all aspects of the application (contents of the application file as well as the interview). Interviewed applicants receive an email in the weeks following their interview, to inform them whether their application has been successful or not. When applicable, the final confirmation of your admission will depend on the completion of your secondary school leaving certificate or your scientific university entrance certificate: the terms and conditions of your admission will be specified in the message that you will receive after your interview. If your application has not been successful and you feel that you have the academic potential to enter our Bachelor Program, you may wish to apply again the following year. Please note that even excellent results do not necessarily mean that you will be selected and, if you are admitted, keep in mind that you will still have to start in Year 1 of our program. ECOLE POLYTECHNIQUE Route de Saclay 91128 PALAISEAU Cedex France Contact Us Other sites Corporate website Foundation Alumni L'X Bachelor of Science MSc&T Copyright All Right Reserved 2026 - Ecole Polytechnique © - Conception : www.emyl-design.com Legal terms DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY : NON-COMPLIANT