Skip to main content Search by profile Student / Candidate Faculty member Entrepreneur Executive / Manager Company Alumni Corporate website The Ecole Polytechnique Foundation Contact us Directory Search Student login en fr MENU Bachelor About the bachelor Key features Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! Visit Ecole polytechnique Return Bachelor Image About the bachelor Key features Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Image About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs Image About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! What's the program like, why they applied, how the campus life is.. Ask all your questions to our students! Image Visit Ecole polytechnique Come and discover École Polytechnique's campus, with our virtual campus tour experience or in person! Image Home Bachelor Admissions FAQ Share Imprimer Facebook Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on WhatsApp Courriel Bachelor FAQ Contact us Apply Now! Download the brochure Applications / admissions Financial questions Housing Campus tour/Open days After the Bachelor Bachelor details Applications / admissions What are the requirements to apply? To be able to apply, applicants must meet one of the following requirements: - Currently be studying for a high school diploma/scientific university entrance certificate; OR - Have already obtained a high school diploma/scientific university entrance certificate. What are the minimum grades required to apply? For the moment, there are no minimum grades required to be able to apply for the programs. However, as with all of École Polytechnique's academic programs, the Bachelor programs are designed for top students with very high potential and we require them to have a strong overall academic average. Who is the Bachelor Program designed for? Applicants for the Program are expected to have: -A high potential in Mathematics -A strong GPA -An excellent knowledge of English (Common European Framework of Reference for Languages level C1) -The ability to cope with a heavy workload and to be at ease in an international context. What documents are required to apply? Applicants must submit a number of supporting documents including official transcripts, a personal statement, contact details for two referees, etc. You can download the list of required documents for the Bachelor of Science Program here . How do I apply? Applicants may only apply once per academic year and must follow the unified application form, even if they envisage joining the Global Dual Degree Program later on. They may apply via Ecole Polytechnique's application porta l during one of the three application rounds, or via Parcoursup . Applicants must first create an applicant account here before beginning their application on the application portal. They will be required to submit a number of supporting documents including official transcripts, a personal statement, contact details for two referees, etc. You can download the list of required documents for the Bachelor of Science Program here . We strongly advise applicants to begin their application as early as possible as it may take some time to gather all supporting documents necessary for their application, and for their referees to submit their recommendations. Do I need to speak French to apply? No prior knowledge of French is necessary to be able to apply. However, depending on their level (less than level B2 in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages), students will have to take French classes during the program as a B2 level is a graduation prerequisite. Can I join the Bachelor Program in Year 2/Year 3? Applications are only considered for admission to Year 1. We do not accept transfer students in Years 2 and 3. What English language tests are accepted? Candidates must prove their excellent knowledge of English via an internationally recognized English language certificate. The International English Language Testing System (IELTS and IELTS iBT) and the Internet-based Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL iBT) are accepted, along with the following Cambridge English tests: Advanced (CAE) and Proficiency (CPT). The test result should be less than two years old upon entering the Bachelor Program. The minimum grades required are: - TOEFL iBT : 90 - IELTS : 6,5 (minimum grade per each language skill: 6) - Cambridge test - (CAE/CPE) : B - 176 (minimum grade per each language skill: 169) I have a problem with my application/I am unable to submit my application? What should I do? There may be several reasons why you cannot submit your application, once you assume it is complete: 1) Is there an application round open for your chosen program? 2) Have both of your referees submitted their recommendations for you? 3) Have you validated each page of your application form correctly? If none of the above reasons apply to you, please contact the Admissions team: bachelor-admissions@polytechnique.fr Which options should I choose in high school? French Baccalaureate : For students taking the Baccalaureate exam in 2022 and after: two scientific "spécialités" of which Mathematics plus (if possible) the "Math Expertes" option. International Baccalaureate: Mathematics Higher Level (preferably "Analysis and Approaches") and at least one other science course should be Higher Level. North American education: Honors or AP classes in Mathematics and at least one other scientific subject are preferred. British-patterned education : A-level program: Mathematics and at least one other scientific subject should be Higher Level. Other curricula : All curricula may be relevant provided that mathematics and at least one other scientific subject have been studied at a high level. Can I apply even if I do not have my grades yet for the current academic year? Yes. If no transcript is available yet for your current academic year: - Either upload a document specifying the exact courses you are taking this year, - Or upload your predicted grades if your high school provides such document. We expect you to provide your transcripts for the current academic year as soon as they become available. How to Fill in your Phone Number? When filling in your phone number, you must add your country's phone area code, which can be found here . Before the area code, you need to add either "+" or "00". For example for a French phone number 01 23 45 67 89, should be written +33 1 23 45 67 89 or 0033 1 23 45 67 89 (with our without spaces between numbers). Academic Scores How to fill in your GRE, ACT, SAT or any other relevant academic exam score: Example : GRE VR: 000; GRE QR: 000; GRE AW: 0,0 Or SAT total: 0000; SAT R&W: 000; SAT Maths: 000 Or ACT Composite: 00; ACT English: 00; ACT Maths: 00; ACT Reading: 00; ACT Sciences: 00; ACT Writing: 00 Referees: The online recommendation form Applicants must provide the i nformation details of two referees: Name Job title E-mail Websites (if applicable) At least one of the referees must be a mathematics teacher at your current institution. Your referees cannot be members of your family or family friends, and you cannot write your recommendation letters yourself. We strongly suggest you let your referees know that you are involving them in your application process. After you fill out the recommendation request on your application form, your referees will immediately receive a link to the recommendation platform where: They will fill in a short questionnaire about you They will upload the recommendation letter in PDF format BEWARE: Your referees must submit their recommendation letters themselves. We will not accept letters given by the candidates as official recommendation letters. Please be advised that it is your responsibility to make sure they send their recommendations before the deadline. Is one of your referees experiencing issues with the online recommendation form? It is your responsibility to make sure that your referees send their recommendation letter before the deadline. Please check with them to make sure that they have sent their recommendation. If one of your referees experiences technical issues while trying to submit their recommendation, you can download the recommendation form below in either Word format or PDF format and send it to your referees. Your referees will then have to send back the recommendation themselves to: bachelor-admissions@polytechnique.fr Recommendation form in PDF format Recommendation form in Word format INE Number (only in French) Qu'est ce que l'INE ? Le N° INE est un Identifiant National Etudiant unique. Vous trouverez ce N° sur le relevé de notes du Baccalauréat français. Il a été attribué à partir de l'année 1995 dans les lycées et les universités. Un étudiant ayant eu le baccalauréat français avant ladite année, n'ayant jamais pris d'inscription dans l'enseignement supérieur ou qui n'a jamais été inscrit en France, ne possède pas de N° INE. Il obtient un N° INE dès sa première inscription dans un établissement d'enseignement supérieur français depuis 1995/1996. Ce N° est unique et doit être conservé précieusement par l'étudiant. Il sera à fournir dans tous les établissements supérieurs français où il désirera s'inscrire. Un étudiant ayant égaré son N° INE, doit le réclamer auprès du service de scolarité du premier établissement d'enseignement supérieur français qu'il a fréquenté. Il peut également le trouver sur un certificat de scolarité, un relevé de notes ou à défaut, sur une ancienne carte d'étudiant. Ce numéro est composé de 11 caractères. Etudiants issus du réseau AEFE : Vous n'avez pas encore de n° INE. Ne remplissez pas le champ, un n° INE vous sera attribué pour le reste de votre scolarité à votre arrivée à l'École polytechnique. Où trouver mon INE ? L'INE peut se trouver sur un certain nombre de documents comme expliqué précédemment, par exemple: - Un relevé de note du baccalauréat (y-compris le relevé de notes des épreuves anticipées en 1ère) - La convocation du Baccalauréat - La confirmation d'inscription au Baccalauréat Votre n°INE vous suivra toute votre vie étudiante, il est important de le garder précieusement ! Pour les étudiants n'ayant pas été inscrits dans le système éducatif français au lycée, c'est le premier établissement d'études supérieures français dans lequel vous avez étudié qui vous le délivrera. Si l'Ecole polytechnique est le premier établissement d'études supérieures français dans lequel vous étudiez, nous vous le communiquerons. Photo ID Requirements We remind you that your photo must follow these guidelines: In color 35 mm x 45 mm in size Must be different from the photo on the ID provided Taken within the last 12 months to reflect your current appearance Taken in front of a plain white background. Nothing should be behind you Taken in full-face view directly facing the camera Eye glasses may be worn, but there must not be any glare. Jpg format Size max : 800Ko jpg format The photo you provide us with will be the one on your student card, which you will need to have on you at all time during your studies. Choose accordingly Financial questions How much does the Bachelor of Science Program cost? Bachelor of Science Program: Annual tuition fees for 2027 intake are €15,900 for EU (including EEA) students and €19,600 for non-EU (non-EEA) students. If you choose to follow the BS/MS track, your years at Columbia University will follow their rates. Do I have to pay a tuition fee deposit? There are two tuition deposits of €1,500 each that will be deducted from your first year total tuition fees. The payment deadlines will be indicated in your Enrollment Guidelines. Please note that these deposits are non-refundable. Are there campus employment/paid internship programs available to contribute to my annual tuition fees and living expenses? The Bachelor programs' workload (lectures, classes, projects and personal work) is too intense for students to consider having a student job/paid internship. It is not feasible and we strongly advise students not to count on a student job/paid internship contributing to their fees. Application fee Each applicant will be asked to pay an application fee of €105, payable by credit card or bank transfer. There is no application fee waiver available. Download the online application payment form tutorial. How much are students' living expenses? Estimated annual living costs (all included: housing, food, phone plan, clothing, insurance, miscellaneous, etc.): around €12,000. Please remember that each person has individual spending habits and that this amount may vary. Housing Can I live on campus? We guarantee on-campus housing for all of our incoming Bachelor students. Currently, we provide our students with individual dorm rooms of around 15 square meters, furnished with a bed, a desk, a chair, a bookshelf, a closet and a private bathroom. All rooms have access to Internet. Students share a common kitchen, where they can cook and prepare their own food with others, or they can choose to eat in the campus cafeteria or restaurant. How much is rent? Accommodation currently costs €606 per month (2026 intake, amount revised annually in January) and is not included in the tuition fees. This monthly rent includes all electricity, water, Wi-Fi and home insurance charges. Campus tour/open days Do you have open days? Can we visit the campus? We do not have scheduled open day dates but our team would be happy to provide you with a guided tour of École Polytechnique at any time of the year. Campus tours in English and in French take place regularly. To book your tour, please click here. Please note that you must book an appointment and wait until you receive a confirmation email to validate your campus tour. All admitted candidates will be given the opportunity to do a campus tour on their Welcome Day. After the Bachelor Can I access the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program after graduating from the Bachelor of Science Program? If you are asking whether there is a fast track between the Bachelor Programs and the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program, the answer is no. However, Bachelor of Science Program graduates wishing to access the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program can take and may succeed the entrance examination via the French University Track ("FUF"). For more information, please click here. Bachelor of Science Program students regularly enter the Ingénieur Polytechnicien program after succeeding this entrance exam but the majority of our students choose to pursue other postgraduate master's degree and PhD track programs. Can I do a master's degree abroad after the Bachelor of Science Program? The Bachelor of Science Program is accredited by the French Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation to award a "grade de licence" , which is the official undergraduate degree in French higher education. This accreditation makes our students eligible for master's degree and postgraduate level programs, both in France and abroad. Bachelor details Can you give me more information about the Bachelor of Science Program? The Bachelor of Science is a three-year program designed for students with a strong interest in Mathematics and Science. This highly selective and multidisciplinary program is taught entirely in English and leads to a double major that allows students to develop strong knowledge and skills in either discipline. The choices of double majors are: Mathematics & Physics, Mathematics & Computer Science, Mathematics & Economics. Consistent with all of École Polytechnique's academic programs, the Bachelor program is designed for top students with very high potential, who are able to follow a rich and demanding curriculum. Our students also benefit from an exceptional learning environment in which they have access to cutting-edge facilities located in École Polytechnique's Research Centers. For more information about the Bachelor of Science Program, please click here. Can you give me more information about the Global Dual Degree Program in Engineering? The Global Dual Degree Program in Engineering is a highly selective program. The first year is integrated with the Bachelor of Science program, taught entirely in English and tailored to academically inclined students who have a very strong interest in mathematics and science and are passionate about addressing the world's most urgent challenges. Consistent with all of École Polytechnique's academic programs, the Global Dual Degree Program in Engineering is designed for top students with very high potential, who are able to follow a rich and demanding curriculum. The program prepares graduates to pioneer novel solutions in a range of fields, including sustainability, environmental conservation, resource management, climate change, AI, etc. During the three first three years, École Polytechnique allows students to develop a solid academic background in science, while exploring topics unrelated to beyond pure sciences and following specific courses within the Global Dual Degree in Engineering Program. École Polytechnique's Bachelor Program offers students the choice of three double tracks allowing them to customize their academic journey with a specialization in Mathematics plus either Economics, Computer Science or Engineering and Physical science. Columbia's Master Program offers students the choice of nine numerous master's degrees depending on the double track chosen during their Bachelor of Science degree at École Polytechnique. For more information about the Global Dual Degree Program in Engineering, please click here. ECOLE POLYTECHNIQUE Route de Saclay 91128 PALAISEAU Cedex France Contact Us Other sites Corporate website Foundation Alumni L'X Bachelor of Science MSc&T Copyright All Right Reserved 2026 - Ecole Polytechnique © - Conception : www.emyl-design.com Legal terms DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY : NON-COMPLIANT