Skip to main content Search by profile Student / Candidate Faculty member Entrepreneur Executive / Manager Company Alumni Corporate website The Ecole Polytechnique Foundation Contact us Directory Search Student login en fr MENU Bachelor About the bachelor Key features Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Bachelor of Science BS/MS Track Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) OVERVIEW COURSE CONTENT FACULTY Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! Visit Ecole polytechnique Return Bachelor Image About the bachelor Key features Academic Advisors Administrative Staff After Graduation The Bachelor in the press Testimonies Newsletter Program details Structure Double major in Mathematics & Computer Science Double major in Mathematics & Economics Double major in Mathematics & Physics Semester Abroad Bachelor Thesis Student Life Housing Student Organizations Support Campus Tour Costs and funding Tuition Fees Scholarships and Financial Aid Living Costs Admissions Admissions Procedure Interview FAQ Webinars Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Image About the Ingénieur Polytechnicien Program Key Features Personal Development After Graduation Career Paths Admissions Validation des Acquis de l'Expérience (VAE) Program Details Structure Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Student Life On-Campus Housing Student Organizations Sports Sections Campus Tour Costs and Funding Tuition Fees Living Costs Scholarships and Financial Aid Webinars Master Master of Science & Technology (MSc&T) Program Key Features Structure Student Testimonies Alumni After Graduation News Newsletter All MSc&T specializations Visual and Creative Artificial Intelligence (ViCAI) Trustworthy and Responsible AI (TRAI) Large Language Models, Graphs and Applications (LLGA) AI for Markets and Quantitative Investment X-ENSAE (MaQI) Science & Technology in Extended Cinematography X-ENS Louis Lumière (EXcin) Internet of Things: Innovation and Management (IoT) Environmental Engineering and Sustainability Management (EESM) Energy Environment: Science Technology and Management (STEEM) Data and Economics for Public Policy X-ENSAE-Telecom (DEPP) Economics, Data Analytics and Corporate Finance X-Bocconi (EDACF) Data & Finance X-HEC (DDDF) Data Science and AI for Business X-HEC Master (DSAIB) Student Life Student Board Housing Living Costs Campus Tour Admissions MSc&T Application Deadlines & Procedure Language & Academic Requirements Tuition fees Scholarships and Financial Aid FAQ Webinars Executive Master Executive Education Exchange Programs Image About the Exchange Programs Key Features International Academic Exchange Program Program Details Credits and Validation of Studies How to apply Fees, Living expenses and on campus Services Q&A Research Program for International Talents Program Details Financial Support and Accommodation How to apply Fees, living expenses and campus Services Q&A E-Learning Master & PhD Program About Ecole Polytechnique International Students Admissions List of Graduates Chat with our students! What's the program like, why they applied, how the campus life is.. Ask all your questions to our students! Image Visit Ecole polytechnique Come and discover École Polytechnique's campus, with our virtual campus tour experience or in person! Image Home Bachelor Costs and funding Scholarships and Financial Aid Share Imprimer Facebook Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on WhatsApp Courriel Bachelor Scholarships and Financial Aid Contact us Apply Now! Download the brochure At Ecole Polytechnique, we admit the most talented undergraduate students from all over the world using a need-blind admissions process. We strive to attract and reward the very best students, regardless of their financial situation. Image Ecole Polytechnique Foundation work hard to offer to our students' scholarship opportunities. There are two categories of financial aid: merit-based and need-based . These categories are not mutually exclusive. As the amount of aid is limited, students needing financial aid are encouraged to apply in early admissions rounds. It is important to note that students enrolled in Ecole Polytechnique's Bachelor Program can be entitled to receive French government CROUS scholarships based on social criteria. Students must take into account that they will have to pay at least part of the tuition and most of their living expenses. It is therefore necessary to make a feasible financial plan to pay your studies at Ecole Polytechnique before applying. Please keep in mind that you will have to provide a financial plan to the French Authorities in order to receive your visa. Without a sound financial plan, you will not be able to get your visa to study at Ecole Polytechnique. FULL SCHOLARSHIP SCHEME FOR INTERNATIONAL OLYMPIAD MEDALISTS Ecole Polytechnique is launching a new scholarship for International Olympiad medalists, to honor their outstanding achievements. It is offering a limited number of scholarships to medalists who are admitted to the Bachelor of Science Program, as follows: Image FULL SCHOLARSHIP SCHEME FOR INTERNATIONAL OLYMPIAD MEDALISTS DETAILS Granting of scholarship subject to the final decision of Ecole Polytechnique's Bachelor of Science Admission and Financial Aid Committees. Maximum scholarship limit (tuition fees plus living allowance) is 87,900 Euros per non-EU/EEA student and 78,750 Euros per EU/EEA student. A student is eligible to apply for the scholarship if they have participated in one or more of the above international subject-proficiency Olympiads and been awarded one or more medal(s) in the two years prior to their enrollment (with a priority given to gold medalists). Only one scholarship is granted per student: students cannot cumulate two medal scholarships, nor other types of financial aid provided by Ecole Polytechnique, Ecole Polytechnique's Foundation or the French government. Students will be required to submit an official certificate confirming their International Olympiad result. · The scholarship's renewal is subject to academic success and an exemplary conduct in the Program. The 1,500 Euro annual administration fee is due by all students and non-refundable. When is the scholarship paid, how is it paid? Tuition fees are waived apart from the annual administration fee. Living allowance scholarships are paid in 10 monthly installments from September to June each academic year (unless otherwise specified). When can candidates expect to receive an answer? Candidates will be informed of their financial aid application result after admission results are announced and before the administration fee for pre-enrollment is due (unless otherwise specified). Merit-based Financial Aid EXCELLENCE SCHOLARSHIP Excellence Scholarships are awarded to the very best students, who demonstrate outstanding academic abilities, a strong motivation to study in École Polytechnique's Bachelor Program and a pioneering spirit to be real ambassadors of the Program, earning them an admission with honors . Granted throughout the three years of the Program, this scholarship aims to help students bear the cost of their studies. Candidates admitted with honors will be informed on how to apply for an Excellence Scholarship upon their admission to the Program. EXCELLENCE SCHOLARSHIP DETAILS Granting of scholarship subject to the final decision of École Polytechnique's Bachelor of Science Admission and Financial Aid Committees. The Excellence Scholarship amounts to 4,800 Euros in total per year, for 3 years. The exact number of scholarships is determined according to available funds. Only students admitted with honors are eligible to apply. Its renewal is subject to academic success and an exemplary conduct in the Program. When is the scholarship paid, how is it paid? Excellence Scholarships are paid in 10 monthly installments from September to June each academic year (unless otherwise specified). When can candidates expect to receive an answer? Candidates will be informed of their Excellence Scholarship application result after admission results are announced and before the administration fee for pre-enrollment is due (unless otherwise specified). WOMEN IN SCIENCE SCHOLARSHIP Women in Science Scholarships aim to provide financial support to female admitted candidates. Historically, in France, women have been under-represented in scientific fields of study. At Ecole Polytechnique, we take this issue very seriously and strive to promote gender equality by providing support to female applicants. This scholarship is granted throughout the three years of the Program. Candidates will be informed on how to apply for Women in Science Scholarships upon their admission to the Program. WOMEN IN SCIENCE SCHOLARSHIP DETAILS Granting of scholarship subject to the final decision of École Polytechnique's Bachelor of Science Admission and Financial Aid Committees. The Women in Science Scholarship amounts to 4,800 Euros in total per year, for 3 years. The exact number of scholarships is determined according to available funds. Its renewal is subject to academic success and an exemplary conduct in the Program. When is the scholarship paid, how is it paid? Women in Science Scholarships are paid in 10 monthly installments from September to June each academic year (unless otherwise specified). When can candidates expect to receive an answer? Candidates will be informed of their Women in Science Scholarship application result after admission results are announced and before the administration fee for pre-enrollment is due (unless otherwise specified). Need-based Financial aid At Ecole Polytechnique, we want to ensure that our programs are an affordable option for all of our admitted students. Based on their financial situation, admitted candidates may apply for need-based financial aid. To help students bear the cost of their studies, there are two types of need-based financial aid, depending essentially on a student's nationality and their family's resources: - French and assimilated students whose families have fewer resources may benefit from the French government state-funded aid, namely CROUS bursary, from the first year of their studies. It is composed of: a tuition fee waiver and a living cost scholarship . EU/EEA citizens may apply for such financial aid from the second year of their studies. - All other candidates, i.e. international, European and French students not entitled to the CROUS bursary , may benefit from need-based financial aid proposed directly by Ecole Polytechnique and by the Foundation of Ecole Polytechnique, in the form of: a tuition fee waiver granted by Ecole Polytechnique and/or an interest-free loan supported by Ecole Polytechnique Foundation. Image NEED-BASED FINANCIAL AID DETAILS Granting of tuition fee waiver subject to the final decision of Ecole Polytechnique's Bachelor of Science Financial Aid Committee . Granting of CROUS bursary subject to the decision of the French Authorities, via a dedicated application process. · Any need-based financial aid that may be awarded will only partially cover fees or expenses. The exact number of tuition fee waivers is determined according to available funds. The 1,500 Euro annual administration fee is due by all students and non-refundable. Applications should be made according to the instructions received by the candidate upon admission. How much? The total amount of need-based financial aid will depend on the family's resources. When is the need-based financial aid paid, how is it paid? o Tuition fee waivers : These are deducted from the total tuition fees due by the student. Students are invoiced by Ecole Polytechnique only for the outstanding amount they are expected to pay for each academic year. o Interest-free loans : These are supported by Ecole Polytechnique Foundation. Students have to reimburse them after their studies. When can candidates expect to receive an answer? o CROUS bursary : Candidates will be informed by the CROUS of their application result during the summer subsequent to their application. o Ecole Polytechnique/Ecole Polytechnique Foundation need-based financial aid : Candidates will be informed of their application result after admission results are announced and before the administration fee for pre-enrollment is due (unless otherwise specified). Loans To supplement their funding, all admitted students are encouraged to proactively seek financial aid, either in their home country or in France. Most French banks require a guarantor with a French tax identification number. French or European students who meet residency requirements in France may be eligible for a state-guaranteed loan (see conditions here ). Through partnerships with Ecole Polytechnique, enrolled students may also apply for a loan without a guarantor. These loans are subject to a maximum amount (which does not cover the full tuition fees) and require approval from the partner bank: Preferential-rate loans offered by partner banks (further information will be shared with enrolled students by September); 0% interest loans funded by the École Polytechnique Foundation, available to a limited number of students selected based on financial need. Eligibility criteria for these loans are defined by the partner banks (for example, restriction to students of legal age), and each application is assessed individually. To give students time to become financially stable and secure employment, repayment typically begins one to two years after leaving Ecole Polytechnique, and may be extended in certain circumstances. Repayment is generally spread over a period of five years, depending on the amount borrowed. Applying for financial aid can seem complicated. If you are admitted to the Program, you will be given clear steps on how to apply and guidance according to your situation. Financial aid from outside of Ecole Polytechnique Several other bursaries may be available to Ecole Polytechnique Bachelor students according to different requirements such as nationality, academic achievements and study plan. A complete list of scholarships and grants is available on CampusBourses listing , where they are sorted by supporting organizations, fields of studies and countries of origin. French banks may potentially provide students, on a case-by-case basis, student loans at preferential rates. However, a fiscal warrantor on French soil is systematically needed (except for the French bank Crédit Agricole) in order to obtain a student loan. Students who are not able to provide a fiscal warrantor on French soil will have to look for loan options in their own country. Students are encouraged to find other types of financial aid in their own country or in France by themselves. Master Columbia Financial aid Funding for MS students is very limited. Columbia's academic departments have a number of part-time positions that are open to students each semester. MS students are eligible to apply for these roles, but they are generally not awarded prior to enrollment. We strongly encourage all applicants to seek funding from external sources. Student Financial Planning describes different types of aid that may be available to you, including loans. International students are advised to seek out scholarship opportunities that they may be eligible for through their home country's government agency or Ministry of Education, and nonprofit organizations. Institutional aid is administered by academic departments and includes funding from institutional grants, fellowships, teaching and research assistantships, readerships, and preceptorships. All of these types of aid are considered institutional aid and can be awarded individually or in some combination, upon admission or to continuing students, by the academic department. All prospective students may apply for admission to graduate programs in engineering with institutional aid consideration. There is no separate application for institutional aid. Graduate Engineering students may also choose to search for external funding opportunities outside of Columbia University to support their education and research costs. ECOLE POLYTECHNIQUE Route de Saclay 91128 PALAISEAU Cedex France Contact Us Other sites Corporate website Foundation Alumni L'X Bachelor of Science MSc&T Copyright All Right Reserved 2026 - Ecole Polytechnique © - Conception : www.emyl-design.com Legal terms DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY : NON-COMPLIANT