(Fall 2027 Enrollment) Application Guide for Gateway College Term II Application Schedule Timeline Application Submission Period Noon (JST), 2026.12.15 (Tue) to Noon (JST), 2027.1.14 (Thu) Announcement of 1st Stage Screening 10:00 AM (JST), 2027.2.5 (Fri) 2nd Stage Screening 2027.2.21 (Sun) - 2027.2.22 (Mon) Announcement of Successful Applicants 10:00 AM (JST), 2027.3.24 (Wed) Enrollment Procedure 10:00 AM (JST), 2027.3.24 (Wed) to 10:00 AM (JST), 2027.4.23 (Fri) Enrollment October 2027 • Only one application is permitted for each year's admissions. Applicants must choose either Term I (Spring Enrollment) or Term II (Fall Enrollment), but not both. • Should the 2nd Stage Screening be unable to take place during the period indicated above due to unforeseen circumstances, applicants will be notified by an announcement on the Admissions Center website (https://admissions.tohoku.ac.jp/en/). • All deadlines and announcement times are based on Japan Standard Time (JST, UTC+9). Tohoku University August 2026 Table of Contents 1. Admission Policy ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.1 2. Quotas and Admission Tracks ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.4 3. Eligibility, Requirements, Criteria and Screening Method・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.5 4. Application Procedure・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.11 5. Examination Schedule・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.13 6. 1st Stage Screening Outcome ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.14 7. 2nd Stage Screening Outcome・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.14 8. Enrollment Procedure ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.15 9. Student Life ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.16 10. Other ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ p.17 Attached Document Forms This Application Guide includes forms for the following application documents: 1 Certificate of English as Medium of Instruction (submission required when applying for English Proficiency Test Result Exemption) 2 Application Documents Checklist (For reference only. Do not submit this form.) ※ The official university forms can also be downloaded from the Tohoku University Admissions Center website: https://admissions.tohoku.ac.jp/en/ 1 1. Admission Policy (1) Philosophy and Mission With over 100 years of history and distinguished traditions, Tohoku University has promoted excellence in education and research under its principles of "Research First," "Open Doors," and "Practice-Oriented Research and Education" since its founding in 1907. The university will maintain these traditions while striving for even more dramatic progress in the fu ture. As a world-leading center of education and research, it will contribute to humanity by grappling with the difficult and complex issues facing the world. The faculties, graduate schools, and research institutes of Tohoku University will focus their efforts on fostering ethical international leaders who will carr y humanity into the future, while expanding on their globally renowned creative research fo r the benefit of society at large. (2) Characteristics 1. Three Founding Ideas: Soon after its founding, Tohoku University established a set of unique ideals- "Research First," "Open Doors," and "Practice-Oriented Research and Education"-and continuously reimagines them in response to the changing times. 2. Rich Educational Environment: Tohoku University has numerous education and research organizations and facilities, comprising 10 undergraduate schools, 15 graduate schools, 3 professional graduate schools, and 6 research institutes. Research institute staff also participate in education (approx. 3,200 instructors; approx. 2,400 undergraduates and 2,700 graduate students admitted per year). 3. Research University: Tohoku University is continuously producing internationally recognized research outcomes and concertedly pushing forward with leading-edge research and education. 4. Active Regional and Industry-Academic Ties: The university is actively working to expand its diverse regional and Industry ties. 5. Globalizing Education and Research: With an ever-expanding number of educational and research exchanges, Tohoku University is one of the top universities in terms of agreements with overseas universities. It strives to foster globally active individuals through strong support for studying abroad by Japanese students, as well as recruitment of numerous international students. (3) Qualities of Our Students In keeping with the above philosophy, Tohoku University's undergraduate education aims to enable students to achieve the following goals: 1) To acquire not only specialized knowledge in their chosen field, but also a broad, multifaceted perspective based on intellectual curiosity and a strong foundation in general education. 2) To receive the education necessary to become responsible members of society who can contribute to their communities through expertise in their chosen field. 3) To develop the awareness, vision, and fundamental competencies needed to assume leadership roles in the global community. Our undergraduate curriculum provides an integrated educational experience by organically linking General Education Subjects, which foster broad knowledge and intellectual development, with Specialized Subjects, which provide the fundamental knowledge required in each academic field. Active learning is promoted both inside and outside the classroom to encourage independent and self-directed learning. 2 Tohoku University seeks students who share these values and possess the following qualities: 1) A strong desire to contribute as researchers by earnestly addressing the challenges facing humanity in the 21st century. 2) A strong desire to contribute to the development of society as highly skilled professionals with extensive knowledge and leadership, together with the determination, intellectual curiosity, and high level of academic ability necessary to achieve these goals. A high level of academic ability includes excellent achievement across a broad range of high school subjects, logical thinking, problem-solving and analytical skills, as well as creativity, originality, expressiveness, and strong communication skills. Students are also expected to demonstrate ethical conduct and leadership in their independent academic pursuits while maintaining a collaborative attitude when working with others. (4) Admission Policy for Gateway College At Gateway College, Tohoku University provides a globally oriented educational environment where students from diverse cultural backgrounds study together, motivate and challenge one another, and deepen their knowledge in their chosen fields while engaging with a broad range of academic disciplines. Through this unique learning experience, the university aims to cultivate individuals who can demonstrate leadership across diverse fields on a global stage. Gateway College seeks students who: • Possess creativity and innovative thinking to address global challenges. • Appreciate the value of diversity and embrace a global perspective. • Have a strong passion for research and the potential to become future leaders. In addition to the qualities Tohoku University expects of all prospective students, Gateway College seeks applicants who demonstrate: • A passion not only for their intended field of study, but also a willingness to engage in interdisciplinary learning and the ability to formulate and pursue their own questions and areas of inquiry. • The ability to actively engage in dialogue and collaboration with people from diverse backgrounds, respect differing viewpoints, and work together to identify and solve shared challenges. • A flexible and open-minded approach that is not constrained by conventional thinking, as well as the courage and initiative to take on difficult challenges and lead the way forward. (5) Term II (Fall Enrollment) We seek applicants who have acquired sufficient foundational academic abilities primarily through secondary education outside the Japanese high school system, possess awareness of global issues within an international context, and have the potential to become international leaders who proactively and collaboratively engage in addressing these challenges. At Gateway College, students are expected to proactively design and build their own academic pathways by selecting courses after enrollment. Therefore, to ensure a fair selection process that reflects each applicant's academic background and strengths, applicants are assessed under either the "Humanities & Social Sciences" or "STEM" tracks. Applicants must select the track that best corresponds to their academic background and aptitude when applying. 3 Humanities & Social Sciences Applicants will be evaluated through application document screening, an online written examination, and an online interview. The application document screening assesses basic academic ability based on academic transcripts from the applicant's secondary education and international qualifications or standardized tests accepted by Tohoku University, as well as English proficiency based on standardized English language test scores. The written examination will evaluate abilities that cannot be measured through application documents alone. The exam will cover logical reasoning, mathematical thinking, and related academic skills. The interview will evaluate communication skills, creativity, enthusiasm and willingness to study at Gateway College, as well as interest in global issues, perspectives, and ethical values. STEM Applicants will be evaluated through application document screening, an online written examination, and an online interview. The application document screening assesses basic academic ability based on academic transcripts or equivalent records from the applicant's secondary education, their performance in international qualifications or standardized tests accepted by Tohoku University, as well as English proficiency based on standardized English language test scores. The written examination will evaluate abilities that cannot be measured through application documents alone. The exam will cover mathematical thinking, basic understanding of natural sciences, logical reasoning, and related academic skills. The interview will evaluate communication skills, creativity, enthusiasm and willingness to study at Gateway College, as well as interest in global issues, perspectives, and ethical values. The academic ability of applicants to both the Humanities & Social Sciences and STEM tracks, required for study at Tohoku University, will be evaluated based on scores from international qualifications or standardized tests accepted by Tohoku University, as well as a written examination and an interview. 4 2. Quotas and Admission Tracks (1) Quotas The number of students to be admitted is as follows. Admission Track Quota Humanities & Social Sciences 17 STEM 73 (2) Admission Tracks Gateway College offers two admission tracks: Humanities & Social Sciences and STEM. Applicants may apply to only one track. Gateway College students choose their majors at a specified time after enrollment. However, the Health Sciences Department at the School of Medicine and the Department of Pharmacy at the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences are not available to Gateway College students. A transfer from Gateway College to the regular courses with the Medical Sciences Department at the School of Medicine, and the School of Dentistry is generally not available. It may be permitted in exceptional cases only, based on the screening outcome of i.e. scores and courses completed after enrollment. (3) Other • With a few exceptions, all classes in Gateway College Program will be taught in English. • After the announcement of the 2nd Stage Screening results, additional applicants may be admitted from the waitlist. The University will not respond to inquiries regarding waitlist status or admission decisions. 5 3. Eligibility, Requirements, Criteria and Screening Method Gateway College Term II (Fall Enrollment) [Humanities & Social Sciences and STEM Tracks] (1) Eligibility, Requirements and Criteria Eligibility You must fulfill (or expect to fulfill by September 30, 2027) one of the following requirements: (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E). For the 2027 admissions cycle, you can apply to Gateway College for either Term I (Spring Enrollment) or Term II (Fall Enrollment). You are not permitted to apply for both. (A) You have completed a 12-year curriculum of school education outside Japan, or have an academic qualification recognized as equivalent by the Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan.  The "12-year curriculum of school education outside Japan" must be recognized as a part of the formal school education system in the country where the school you attended is located.  You must have completed a curriculum equivalent to that of a Japanese upper secondary school.  If you have completed a 12-year curriculum in 11 years or less, due to a skipped grade, early graduation, or any other reason, you must contact the Admissions Division before applying. (B) You fulfill any one of a, b, c, d, e, or f below. a) have an International Baccalaureate diploma granted by the Swiss International Baccalaureate Organization. b) have an Abitur diploma, which qualifies you to enroll in a university in the Federal Republic of Germany. c) have a Baccalaureate diploma, which qualifies you to enroll in a university in the French Republic. d) have a European Baccalaureate diploma, which qualifies you to enroll in a university in the European Union. e) have a General Certificate of Education Advanced Level, which qualifies you to enroll in a university in the United Kingdom, or an International General Certificate of Education Advanced Level. f) have completed a 12-year curriculum at an educational institution whose educational activities have been certified by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI), Council of International Schools (CIS), New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC), Cognia or Council of British International Schools (COBIS). (C) You have completed a curriculum at an international school in Japan designated by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) as equivalent to Japanese upper secondary school. If you have not completed a 12-year curriculum of school education, you must complete a designated University Preparatory Course. Reference: List of international schools in Japan designated by MEXT as equivalent to Japanese upper secondary school (https://www.mext.go.jp/en/policy/education/highered/title02/detail02/ sdetail02/1395425.html) 6 (D) You have received school education in Japan and fulfill any one of the a, b, or c below. a) You have graduated from an upper secondary or secondary school. b) Those who have completed a 12-year curriculum of school education through a regular course. c) You have completed a curriculum at an educational institution outside Japan recognized or designated by the MEXT as equivalent or corresponding to a Japanese upper secondary school. Reference: List of educational institutions outside Japan (with upper secondary departments) recognized or designated by MEXT (https://www.mext.go.jp/en/policy/education/highered/title02/detail02/ sdetail02/1395424.html) (E) Your academic abilities are judged to be equal or superior to those of a high school graduate upon individual screening of qualifications by Tohoku University and as of September 30, 2027, you are at least 18 years old. When applying under this provision, you must contact the Admission Division at least one month before the start of application submission period. Application Requirements You must fulfill ALL following requirements. 1. Have obtained international university entrance qualifications or test scores for the required subjects, as specified in the Appendix 1. 2. Have obtained English proficiency test scores that satisfy requirements specified in the Appendix 2. ＊Applicants may be exempt from submitting English proficiency test scores if they have completed at least three years of formal education with English as the primary language of instruction during the four years preceding their high school graduation (see Appendix 2). Application Criteria 1. Applicants must demonstrate good character, reflecting the philosophy of Tohoku University. 2. Applicants must possess strong academic abilities required to meet high standards of education at Tohoku University. 3. Applicants must demonstrate strong interest in global issues, possess logical thinking skills, and have proficiency in English. ＊Regarding Humanities & Social Sciences Track: International and Japanese students with educational backgrounds outside of Japan who wish to apply for Humanities & Social Sciences Track are expected to demonstrate Japanese language proficiency at CEFR B1 level or higher, as these fields might require them to communicate and conduct research in this language. 7 (2) Screening Method Humanities & Social Sciences The written examination will evaluate logical reasoning, mathematical thinking, and related academic skills. The interview will evaluate communication skills, creativity, enthusiasm and willingness to study at Gateway College, as well as interest in global issues, perspectives, and ethical values. Your application documents will be evaluated, taking into consideration high school (upper secondary) academic transcript, international university entrance qualifications or examination scores, and English proficiency test results. STEM The written examination will evaluate mathematical thinking, basic understanding of natural sciences, logical reasoning, and related academic skills. The interview will evaluate communication skills, creativity, enthusiasm and willingness to study at Gateway College, as well as interest in global issues, perspectives, and ethical values. Your application documents will be evaluated, taking into consideration high school (upper secondary) academic transcript, international university entrance qualifications or examination scores, and English proficiency test results. (3) 1st and 2nd Stage Screening The 1st Stage Screening consists of document evaluation for all accepted applications. Only those who pass the 1st Stage Screening will be eligible for the 2nd Stage Screening: written examination and an interview. Final admission decisions will be made based on a comprehensive evaluation of application documents and performance in the 2nd Stage Screening. Please note that the 2nd Stage Screening will be conducted in English. 8 Appendix 1 ⮚ Option 1: Standardized Tests Examination Recommended Scores/Grades Remarks SAT, Digital SAT Total score of 1,400 or higher We do not accept Superscores (a combination of the highest scores from multiple test dates). ACT ACT Composite score of 31 or higher We do not accept Superscores and ACT International Subject Tests. EJU Total score of 300 or higher for Basic Academic Ability "Mathematics + Japan and the World / Science" (refer to the table of specified subjects below) We accept scores from 2026 Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU). The examination language must be English. AP A grade of 4 or higher for each required subject. We only accept official test scores administered by the College Board. Predicted grades/scores will not be accepted.  Required subjects Submit scores for the test subjects required by Humanities & Social Sciences OR STEM Track. Examination Humanities & Social Sciences STEM SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing + Math Digital SAT Reading and Writing + Math ACT English + Reading + Math Math + Science EJU Mathematics (Course 1) + Japan and the World Mathematics (Course 2) + Science (two subjects selected from Physics, Chemistry, and Biology) AP Calculus (AB or BC) or Statistics + one humanities or social science subject* Calculus (AB or BC) + Physics, Chemistry, or Biology ＊World History / US History / European History / Macroeconomics / Microeconomics / Comparative Government & Politics / US Government & Politics / Psychology / Human Geography / African American Studies ※Applicants must submit results from only one academic qualification system (e.g., IB, A Level, AP , SAT, ACT, or EJU). Results from multiple academic qualification systems cannot be combined. 9 ⮚ Option 2: International Qualifications Qualifications Recommended Scores/Grades Remarks International Baccalaureate (IB) A total score of 36/42 or higher in six subjects and a combined minimum score of 2 for TOK and EE (predicted or final) Submit your Diploma with a combined score for TOK and EE (predicted or final), and scores for each individual subject. International ALevel, GCE A-level At least three grades of A or higher at A-Level We only accept the A-Level scores issued by Cambridge International Examinations, Oxford International AQA Examinations, Pearson Edexcel and Learning Resource Network. Scores issued by the Ministry of Education of Sri Lanka will not be accepted.  Required subjects Submit scores for the test subjects required by Humanities & Social Sciences OR STEM tracks. Humanities & Social Sciences STEM  Predicted Grades/Scores We only accept predicted grades/scores for the following: • IB • International A-Level • GCE A-Level Applicants who apply with predicted grades/scores and meet the admission criteria, will be considered "conditionally accepted". To be formally accepted, they must submit proof that they have obtained a diploma and their final official scores/grades by Tuesday, August 31, 2027. Please note that a discrepancy between predicted and final scores/grades may result in conditional acceptance being withdrawn. Application Category Mathematics Humanities and Social Science subjects (at least one subject) IB HL or SL: Mathematics (AA or AI) Group 3 (Individuals and Societies) HL: History / Economics / Geography / Global Politics / Business Management / Psychology / Philosophy / Social and Cultural Anthropology A Level Mathematics or Further Mathematics History / Economics / Geography / Sociology / Politics / Government / Business / Psychology / Law Application Category Mathematics Science subjects (two subjects are required) IB HL: Mathematics (AA) Physics / Chemistry / Biology (Two Science subjects, with at least one at HL) A Level Mathematics or Further Mathematics Physics / Chemistry / Biology 10 Appendix 2 ⮚ Language Proficiency To apply for Term II (Fall Enrollment), you must fulfill at least one of the requirements below. Regardless of nationality, all applicants are required to submit a proof of English proficiency, such as an official score report or certificate from an external English proficiency test, or the required document for an exemption from this requirement. Examination Minimum Scores Remarks IELTS Academic (Including IELTS Online) Overall Band 6.0 We do not accept IELTS Indicator and IELTS One Skill Retake scores. TOEFL iBT® TEST (Including Home Edition) 80 ＊4.0 for tests conducted in January 2026 or later We do not accept TOEFL iBT® MyBest™ scores, TOEFL ITP® test scores, and TOEIC® scores. Duolingo English Test 110 Cambridge English Qualifications B2 First or C1 Advanced, C2 Proficiency: 169 EIKEN® (The EIKEN Test in Practical English Proficiency) EIKEN Grade Pre-1 and 2,400 OR EIKEN Grade 1 and 2,400 *TOEFL, TOEFL iBT, TOEFL ITP and TOEIC are registered trademarks of ETS. *EIKEN is a registered trademark of Eiken Foundation of Japan. For the Fall 2027 Enrollment, scores must be from a test dated from October 1, 2025, to the last day of the application submission period. English Proficiency Test Results Exemption Policy Applicants can be exempted from submitting English proficiency test scores, if they completed at least 3 years of formal, English-medium education in the period of 4 academic years prior to their high school graduation (or obtaining an equivalent qualification) and submit a document to that effect in the format designated by Tohoku University. The official university forms can also be downloaded from the Tohoku University Admissions Center website: https://admissions.tohoku.ac.jp/en/ 11 4. Application Procedure (1) Online Application Outline Applications will be considered complete once all the required documents are submitted, uploaded or sent via The Admissions Office (hereinafter referred to as TAO), and the examination fee is paid within the application submission period. Make sure not to mistake your intended admission track. You may use the "save as draft" function enabled in the system. The Admissions Office (TAO): https://admissions-office.net/en/portal (2) Application Period Noon (JST), 2026.12.15 (Tue) ～ Noon (JST), 2027.01.14 (Thu) Applications must be submitted through TAO during the application submission period. If there are any questions regarding your application, the Admission Division will contact you through the TAO system. Please follow the instructions provided. (3) Required Information / Documents Required Documents and Information to be uploaded or inputted directly into TAO is as follows. Document Remarks ① Photograph • Must be taken within 3 months of your application, on clear background (no patterns or images), clearly showing your face and upper body. • Must be in the JPG format. Files in any other format will not be accepted. ② Statement of Purpose • Describe your reasons for applying in relation to what you want to study at Tohoku University, your desired academic pathway, and what you have been passionate about in the past. (Max. 400 words in English) • Input your Statement of Purpose directly into the dedicated field in TAO. • The word count of your statement will be determined by the word count function in TAO. * If you plan to paste your statement into TAO from another text editor, the word count may differ. Since the word count in TAO takes precedence, please allow some margin when preparing your text. ③ (Expected) Graduation Certificate • If you are eligible under the provision A, C, D or E, please submit the Graduation or Expected Graduation Certificate issued by your school. • If you are eligible under the provision B, please submit a certificate issued by the relevant accrediting institution (e.g. International Baccalaureate Degree) * If you apply with Expected Graduation Certificate, you will be required to submit your Graduation Certificate at the time of enrollment to Tohoku University. ④ Academic Transcript • If you are eligible under the provision A, C, D or E, please submit an Academic Transcript issued by your school • If you are eligible under the provision B, please submit an Academic Transcript issued by the relevant accrediting institution. * Any subject names shown as codes or abbreviations must be accompanied by explanations/descriptions. * Academic transcript must include an explanation on the grading criteria and show your GPA. * If you were allowed to skip grades or graduate early, provide an explanation of the circumstances. 12 * In principle, your academic transcript must include grades from the past 3 years (10th and 11th grades, up to the most recent semester in which grades were received.) ⑤ Qualifications or Test scores for the required subjects Submit an official score report from one of the accepted tests or qualifications for the required subjects. • Standardized Test (Option 1) • International Qualifications (Option 2) * See Appendix 1, p. 8-9 ⑥ Language Proficiency Test Score Submit one of the following: • Score report or certificate from an accepted English proficiency test • Certificate of English as Medium of Instruction in Tohoku University format - only if the English Proficiency Test Results Exemption Policy applies to you * See Appendix 2, p.10 ⑦ Proof of Nationality • Document issued by the authorities of your country proving your nationality, or a copy of your passport (page showing your name, date of birth, and nationality). * Applicants who are not Japanese citizens and reside in Japan must submit a copy of their Residence Card. Important Notes 1) If an application is incomplete, contains missing entries or other errors, it will be rejected. 2) Applicants whose application documents are flagged as fraudulent will be disqualified, even if they have already been accepted. 3) Applicants must submit a Japanese or English translation for any document written in a language other than Japanese or English. 4) Applications cannot be withdrawn once they have been accepted. 5) Once application documents have been accepted, they cannot be changed, and no additional documents may be submitted. (4) Regarding the Use of Generative AI 1) Develop ideas and write text by yourself, referring to the Admission Policy. 2) Even if the use of Generative AI is detected, it will not influence the evaluation of application documents. (5) Examination Fee Use Flywire, an international tuition payment service linked with TAO, to make the payment during the Application Submission Period.  Examination Fee: JPY 17,000  Payment Method: Credit Card (Credit cards in the name of a parent or guardian are also accepted.)  Transfer / Handling Fee: to be paid by the applicant (the exact amount varies between credit card companies) Payment Process: 1. Upload all required application documents. 2. Select payment option from the "Exam fee payment" displayed in TAO on the left side of the screen and follow the on-screen instructions. 3. Once the payment is complete, the payer will receive a confirmation email from Flywire. The payment completion procedures might take time. Please make sure to complete your payment early, with time to spare. 13 (6) Examination Number Examination numbers will be available in TAO on or after Thursday, January 21, 2027 (tentative). Make sure to check your TAO account. (7) Requests for Accommodations Consultations are available for applicants who require consideration regarding their screening (examinations) due to illness, injury or physical disability. If you wish to make a request, please submit the following information to the Admissions Division (adm-intl@grp.tohoku.ac.jp) before the deadline. No special form is required. Requests submitted after the deadline may not allow sufficient time for the University to make the necessary arrangements and provide appropriate accommodation. Deadline: Thursday, October 15, 2026 Required Information: • Name, address, phone number • Name of the high school from which you graduated or are expected to graduate • Description of required considerations regarding screening and / or studying • Any special day-to-day needs • Other reference materials (if you are currently undergoing medical treatment, please send a copy of doctor's diagnosis) 5. Examination Schedule (1) Examination Schedule 2nd Stage Screening written exam and interview will be conducted online. Admission Track Examination Date Humanities & Social Sciences Online written exam (to evaluate logical reasoning, mathematical thinking) 2nd Stage Screening: Sunday, February 21, 2027 - Monday, February 22 Connectivity Test: Tuesday, February 16, 2027 Online interview STEM Online written exam (to evaluate mathematical thinking skills, fundamental understanding of the natural sciences and logical thinking skills) Online interview * Applicants who fail to appear for the connectivity test will not be permitted to take the 2nd Stage Screening. Examination Fee Refund Request Requests for the examination fee refund will be accepted only in cases specified below. There are no exceptions. The transfer / handling fee will be covered by the refund recipient. 1) Cases eligible for examination fee refund 1. You paid the examination fee but did not apply / your application was rejected. 2. You paid the examination fee twice by mistake. 3. You failed the 1st Stage Screening. * Eligible for 13,000 JPY refund of 2nd Stage Screening fee only 2) Applying for examination fee refund: The Admissions Division will contact you via TAO to explain about refund procedures. 14 (2) Important Notes 1) Applicants must follow the instructions of the proctors throughout the examination. 2) Applicants who pass the 1st Stage Screening must participate in the connectivity test, written examination, and interview. Failure to participate in any of these will result in disqualification. 3) For the 2nd Stage Screening, applicants must prepare two devices: (1) a computer with a camera and microphone (Windows or macOS), and (2) a smartphone (Android or iPhone). The use of tablet devices, such as an iPad, is not permitted. Ensure access to stable, fast internet connection (LAN is preferable), and a quiet exam environment where you can be alone. Details will be notified to the applicants who successfully passed the 1st stage screening. 4) Tohoku University will not accommodate any requests to change the 2nd Stage Screening schedule. 6. 1st Stage Screening Outcome (1) Announcement of 1st Stage Screening Outcome The examination numbers of applicants who pass the 1st Stage Screening will be published on the website below during the period indicated below. Applicants are responsible for checking their examination number within this period. 10:00 AM (JST) on Friday, February 5, 2027 - 10:00 AM (JST) on Friday, February 12, 2027 https://daigakujc.jp/tohoku-eng/ * Website access is available with PC, smartphone and other devices. The Admission Division will not respond to any inquiries regarding the results of the 1st Stage Screening. (2) Notification of 1st Stage Screening Outcome After 10:00 AM (JST) on February 5, 2027, applicants will be able to view their results by accessing "My applications (Completed)" in TAO. Applicants who have passed 1st Stage Screening will receive instructions about the 2nd Stage Screening via TAO. 7. 2nd Stage Screening Outcome (1) Announcement of 2nd Stage Screening Outcome The examination numbers of successful applicants will be announced on the website below during the following period. Applicants must check their examination numbers during this period. 10:00 AM (JST) on Wednesday, March 24, 2027 - 10:00 AM (JST) on Friday, April 23, 2027 https://daigakujc.jp/tohoku-eng/ * Website access is available with PC, smartphone and other devices. The Admission Division will not respond to any inquiries regarding the results of the 2nd Stage Screening. 15 (2) Notification of 2nd Stage Screening Outcome After 10:00 AM (JST) on Wednesday, March 24, applicants will be able to see their results and acceptance letters (only if they successfully pass the 2nd Stage Screening), accessing "Submitted Applications" in TAO. (3) Additional Acceptance After the announcement of 2nd Stage Screening results, additional applicants may be admitted from the waitlist. Details will be announced with the 2nd Stage Screening outcome notification via TAO. The Admission Division will not respond to any inquiries regarding additional acceptance of waitlisted applicants. 8. Enrollment Procedure An outline of the enrollment procedure is as follows. Details will be explained in the Enrollment Guide to be published on the Tohoku University Admissions Center website. Tohoku University Admissions Center: https://admissions.tohoku.ac.jp/en/ The Enrollment Guide will not be distributed in printed form. Please download it from the website. (1) Enrollment Procedure Period 10:00 AM (JST) on Wednesday, March 24, 2027 - 10:00 AM (JST) on Friday, April 23, 2027 Failure to complete the required procedures during this period will result in the withdrawal of the admission offer. * Admitted students are required to submit original copies of their academic documents and graduation certificates at the time of enrollment. Tohoku University reserves the right to revoke admission, even after enrollment, if the submitted documents cannot be verified. (2) Fees (at the Time of Enrollment) Admission Fee: 282,000 JPY (planned amount) *Due by the end of enrollment procedure period Tuition: Japanese Students, etc.: 267,900 JPY / semester (535,800 JPY / year) *subject to change International Students: 450,000 JPY / semester (900,000 JPY / year) *subject to change *An International Student refers to those who reside in Japan with the status of residence of "Student" set forth in the Supplementary Provisions, Table 4, of the Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act (Cabinet Order No. 319 of October 4, 1951) https://www.japaneselawtranslation.go.jp/ja/laws/view/3624#je_s1 *Due after October 2027 The fee amount stated above is a planned amount. Should Tohoku University revise fees, the amount will be adjusted from that moment onward. Once paid, the admission fee will not be refunded for any reason. *Applicants who are accepted into Gateway College Term II (Fall Enrollment) but decline the admission offer, are required to submit the "Notification of Withdrawal" (any format) in which they provide detailed reasons for their decision. This document must be submitted online by Tuesday, August 31, 2027 (JST) to the address announced in the Enrollment Guide. Late submissions will not be accepted. 16 Those who fail to submit the "Notification of Withdrawal" by this deadline, will not be permitted to enroll in any other Japanese national public university or faculty (excluding public universities or faculties with independent exam schedules.) Additionally, applicants who accept an admission offer from any other national public university and do not complete their withdrawal procedures, will not be allowed to enroll in Tohoku University. Applicants who wish to enroll in Gateway College but have already completed enrollment procedures at another university, educational institution or a different program at Tohoku University, must withdraw from them as soon as possible upon receiving Gateway College admissions selection outcome. *Source: Japan Association of Public Universities（https://www.kodaikyo.org/） 9. Student Life (1) Deferment of Admission Fee Payment Students who are unable to pay the admission fee by the deadline due to financial reasons and are recognized for their outstanding academic achievements, or those who are confirmed to have other unavoidable circumstances, may be eligible for an admission payment deferment, based on the application screening. (2) Tuition Payment Deferment and Monthly Installment Payment System Students who are unable to pay the tuition by the deadline due to financial reasons and are recognized for their outstanding academic achievements, or those who are confirmed to have other unavoidable circumstances, may be eligible for tuition payment deferment or monthly installment payment plan, based on the application screening. (3) New Financial Support System for International Students A new scholarship system will be established from 2027, offering an equivalent to full or half tuition fees to the top one-third students selected based on their 2nd stage screening performance or academic achievements. For more information, please refer to Tohoku University website. https://www.insc.tohoku.ac.jp/english/scholarships-for-international-students-tohoku-university-internationalexcellence-scholarship/ (4) Admission Fee and Tuition Payment Exemption In principle, payment exemption based on the New System for Higher Education Aid is available to Japanese students. For details, please refer to the website below and contact the following Office if you have any questions. MEXT, New System for Higher Education Aid Website: https://www.mext.go.jp/kyufu/index.htm Please note that international students are not eligible for payment exemptions due to financial need. Contact: 〒980－8576 41 Kawauchi, Aoba-ku, Sendai Tohoku University, Education and Student Support Department, Educational Affairs Division, General Education Planning Section Email: tu-gwc-kyomu@grp.tohoku.ac.jp *Please make sure to check the Enrollment Guide and contact us if you have any questions. 17  Inquiries and application submissions for tuition payment exemption, deferment, monthly plan installments: 〒980-8576 41 Kawauchi, Aoba-ku, Sendai Tohoku University, Education and Student Support Department, Student Services Division, Financial Support Section TEL: +81-22-795-7816 FAX: +81-22-795-7771 Website: https://c.bureau.tohoku.ac.jp/gakusei-shien/menjo/  Inquiries about financial support for international students: 〒980-8576 41 Kawauchi, Aoba-ku, Sendai Tohoku University, Education and Student Support Department, Student Exchange Division, International Education Section TEL: +81-22-795-7817 Email: sed2@grp.tohoku.ac.jp 10. Other (1) Pre-enrollment Education Tohoku University will provide pre-enrollment education to applicants admitted to Gateway College Term II (Fall Enrollment). Details will be provided to applicants who complete the enrollment procedures. (2) Student Dormitories At Gateway College, all incoming students will reside in Tohoku University's student dormitory, University House, for the first year. Japanese and international students will live together at University House. Residence at University House is mandatory to foster an international co-learning environment and promote intercultural exchange on a daily basis. • All rooms are single occupancy, for the sole use of the dorm residents. Friends and family are not permitted to stay. The kitchens, showers, toilets, laundry rooms and living rooms are shared with other residents. • Dormitory fees are approx. 36,000 JPY / month, which residents must pay themselves. Utility charges and fees for optional rental items (e.g., bedding and towels) are charged separately. • Smoking is prohibited everywhere in the dormitories. • From the second year (September 2028), Gateway College students are required to move to private rental accommodation. Monthly rent in Sendai typically ranges from JPY 30,000 to JPY 60,000. In most cases, key money and a security deposit equivalent to one to three months' rent are required when signing a lease. Students are responsible for all housing-related expenses. Students may decline residency in University House if they have difficulties living in a dorm due to unavoidable physical, mental or other personal reasons. More information regarding dormitories will be provided once enrollment procedures are completed. • Inquiries about moving in procedures: Tohoku University, Education and Student Support De partment, Educational Affairs Division, General Education Planning Section Email: tu-gwc-kyomu@grp.tohoku.ac.jp 18 • Inquiries about student dormitories: Tohoku University, Education and Student Support Department, Student Services Division, Life Support Section Email: sta-ryo@grp.tohoku.ac.jp (3) Privacy Policy on the Use of Personal Information  All personal information retained by Tohoku University will be kept confidential in compliance with relevant university regulations such as the Act on Protection of Personal Information (2003, Act No. 57) and the National University Corporation Tohoku University Policy on the Protection of Personal Information, and security measures will be taken to protect it.  Personal information, such as examination scores used in the admission selection process will be used exclusively for educational purposes, such as selecting applicants, enrollment procedures, pre-enrollment education, follow-up surveys, post-enrollment support (scholarships, tuition waivers, health management, etc.), and academic advising, or in connection with tuition collection etc., or surveys / research (surveys / analysis related to entrance examinations improvements and reasons for applying; including analyzing personal information of the enrolled students.)  Tasks related to entrance examinations and academic affairs may be outsourced by Tohoku University to third-party contractors (hereafter: "contractors"). If personal information is provided in whole or in part to contractors, necessary measures will be taken to ensure it is handled appropriately in accordance with the relevant university regulations, such as the National University Corporation Tohoku University Policy on the Protection of Personal Information. (4) The Use of Educational Data At Tohoku University, all data, including personal information, collected through its educational and learning activities and stored on its information systems (her eafter "Educational Data"), is analyzed with the latest analytical and A.I. technology and is considered vital to our implementation of evidence-based education. Consequently, the university strives to use Educational Data effectively and appropriately in compliance with our "Statement on Educational Data Usage," "Policy on Educational Data," and "Tohoku University's 8 Principles of Educational Data Acquisition." Personal information of admitted students used in the admission process, such as examination scores, is merged with the university's educational data. URL: https://www.tohoku.ac.jp/japanese/studentinfo/education/08/education0801/ (5) Admissions FAQ and Inquiries If you have any questions, refer to the FAQ posted on Tohoku University Admissions Center website. https://admissions.tohoku.ac.jp/en/faq/ Refer to the FAQ first. If your inquiry cannot be answered with the FAQ, contact the Admission Division via the contact form on the website or email (see below). Contact: 〒980-8576 28 Kawauchi, Aoba-ku, Sendai Tohoku University, Education and Student Support Department, Admission Division Email: adm-intl@grp.tohoku.ac.jp Website: https://admissions.tohoku.ac.jp/en/ To Tohoku University: I hereby confirm that enrolled at our school from _______/_________ to _______/_________ received Englishmedium education from grade ________________ to grade ________________ (total number of semesters: ________________). School Name (School official seal or Principal's Signature) Address E-mail Principal's Name Date of Issue * Applicants who attended more than one school during the required period must provide a separate certificate from each institution to prove a combined total of at least three years of English-medium education. Certificate of English as Medium of Instruction *Only for applicants with history of English-medium education Student name Enrollment date (Expected) graduation date (MM / YY) (MM / YY) Not to be submitted Tohoku University Gateway College Term II (2027 Fall Enrollment) Application Documents Checklist Name Track Humanities & Social Sciences STEM ・Before submission, check your application to ensure there are no deficiencies, such as missing documents or incomplete entries. Once you do, place a ☑ sign with each item. ・DO NOT SUBMIT this checklist. Application Document Remarks Check ① Photograph ・The image is clear ② Statement of Purpose ・Input directly into dedicated field in TAO ・Max. 400 words in English ③ (Expected) Graduation Certificate ・Stamped or signed by the issuing school / institution ④ Academic Transcript ・Must include explanation about grading criteria and GPA ・In principle, must include grades from the past 3 years (10th and 11th grades, up to the most recent semester in which grades were received) ・Stamped or signed by the issuing school / institution ⑤ Qualifications or Test scores for the required subjects ・Qualifications and tests specified in Appendix 1 (Scores from tests other than those specified in Appendix 1 will be rejected.) ・Submitted scores are for the required subjects ・Applications with scores lower than expected scores in Appendix 1 will be accepted ⑥ English Proficiency Test Score Report OR Certificate of English as Medium of Instruction (only if applicable) ・Tests specified in Appendix 2 (Scores from tests other than those specified in Appendix 2 will be rejected.) ・Fulfill minimum score and exam date requirements ・When submitting the "Certificate of English as Medium of Instruction" ‣ Requirements for the English Proficiency Test Results Exemption are fulfilled ‣ Certificate is submitted in the university format ⑦ Proof of Nationality ・Applicants residing in Japan additionally submit a copy of their residence card