Requirements and Deadlines | Tuition & Aid | Williams College Once you choose to apply, we want the rest to be easy-including our financial aid process. Check out the Application Requirements section below that applies to you and contact the Student Financial Services team any time. We want to help you and your family make a Williams education affordable. Application Deadlines At Williams, your admission and financial aid applications are due at the same time. This isn't the case at most other institutions. Early Decision November 15 Regular Decision January 4 Transfer March 3 Application Requirements U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) The FAFSA is not an initial requirement for the 2026-2027 academic year, given the uncertainty of the FAFSA Simplification Act application timeline. We will reach out to enrolled students with additional requirements. The CSS Profile The CSS Profile gives Williams the information we need to calculate your financial need. It's required for any student who wants to be considered for non-federal aid. If the CSS Profile fee poses a financial hardship, you can request fee waiver. Please note: If either parent is remarried, the current spouse's information is also required. CSS Profile (use code 3965) Documentation The College Board's Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC) makes it easier for you to gather required financial documents and share them with Williams. The service will be available online 24 to 48 hours after you submit your CSS Profile. Transfer Students For transfer students seeking financial assistance, Williams offers one of the most generous financial aid programs in the U.S. We meet 100 percent of each admitted student's demonstrated financial need for their entire Williams career. The vast majority of Williams students, regardless of age, are considered financial dependents. Exceptions include U.S. military veterans or those who can demonstrate longstanding financial independence from their families. International Students For international students seeking financial assistance, Williams offers one of the most generous and comprehensive need-based financial aid programs in the U.S. Although Williams isn't need-blind for international applicants, approximately 70% of international students receive financial aid from the college, with aid awards averaging more than $90,000 annually. Our financial aid includes free textbooks, lab and art supplies, music lessons, storage and one round-trip plane ticket home each year. Financial aid awards for international students are comprehensive, meet 100% of demonstrated need and are guaranteed for all four years. International applicants who might seek financial aid at any point during their enrollment at Williams must indicate their intent to apply for financial aid on their admission application. Applying for Financial Aid as an International Student Indicate your intent to apply for financial aid by selecting "Yes" for the question "Do you intend to apply for financial aid?" within the admission application. Do not submit any financial aid materials as part of your application to Williams. If admitted, follow the instructions from the Office of Student Financial Services about how to submit your financial aid application. Instructions will be shared at the same time you receive your offer of admission. Submit all requested financial aid application materials as soon as possible. Review your financial aid award, which will be available within seven days of submission of your completed financial aid application. Please note: Students who are dual citizens of the U.S. and another country or are permanent residents of the U.S. should complete the application requirements for domestic students. Undocumented and DACA-Designated Applicants If you're an undocumented student or have Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status, you're welcome as part of the Williams community. We consider the applications of all undocumented and DACA-designated students without regard to ability to pay, and we meet 100% of each admitted student's demonstrated financial need for their entire career at Williams.