First-Year | How to Apply | Williams College Help Us Get to Know You Your application is your introduction to Williams. We want to know what motivates and excites you, what fuels your curiosity and what you'll bring to our vibrant community. Early or Regular Decision? The Early Decision application is the same as applying as a first-year student under Regular Decision, with just two exceptions: Be sure to sign the Early Decision Agreement Form and submit your application package by November 15. Early Decision Is your heart set on Williams? Apply through our Early Decision program for a decision by December 14. If admitted, you'll be expected to withdraw any applications to other schools. Deadline: Nov. 15 Regular Decision Are you excited by a few schools and want to consider your options? We recommend applying through our non-binding Regular Decision. You'll get an answer April 1 and have until May 1 to accept your place in the class. Deadline: Jan. 4 Where to Begin To help get you started, here's a brief checklist of what you'll need to apply to Williams: Common Application, Apply Coalition with Scoir or QuestBridge Application School transcript and mid-year report Recommendations from your school counselor and two teachers $65 Application Fee or Fee Waiver Early Decision Agreement Form (Early Decision applicants only) Transcripts, letters of recommendation and other supporting documents sent by a school can arrive shortly after the submission of a completed application. How We'll Review Your Application We take a holistic approach to application review. Two admission officers work together to review everything in an application in an effort to understand a student's achievements, talents and life experiences, and the qualities they might bring to our small learning community. True Affordability We're committed to meeting 100% of your financial need, every year. That includes books, travel costs, study away and everything else that goes into your college experience with no loans or work-study requirement as part of your financial aid package.