Skip to main content UC Berkeley Office of Undergraduate Admissions Toggle navigation Main navigation Apply to UC Berkeley First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements Applicant Checklist First-Year Policies Transfer Students Transfer Applicant Checklist Transfer Resources International Students Requirements for International Students Application Resources Application FAQs Personal Insight Questions Application Tips Veterans Counselors and Colleagues Dates and Deadlines Student Profile Academics Majors Academic Support First Generation Resources Research Opportunities Study Abroad Cost Apply for Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Residency Requirements Discover UC Berkeley Culture and Community Diversity Housing Visit Contact Us Events UC Berkeley En Español Requisitos para primer año Requisitos de transferencia Descubre UC Berkeley Ayuda Financiera Secondary navigation MAP@Berkeley Sign Up for Our Email List Contact Us Requirements for International Students Home / Apply to UC Berkeley / International Students / Requirements for International Students International students in the U.S. on a visa cannot be classified as California residents for tuition purposes. For more information, please refer to The Office of the Registrar. Please remember: In addition to meeting the requirements listed on this page, you also must meet: Basic admission requirements Requirements as a first-year or transfer applicant Application Self-Reported Academic Records Each UC campus, including UC Berkeley, has an International Admission Specialist who is familiar with the educational systems of other countries. Do not attempt to convert your grades. Complete the educational history section of the application exactly as it appears on your school records. This includes choosing your school's grade scale and listing your grades as provided on your school record. There is no pre-approved course list for schools outside of California. Referring to the A-G course list site (a database of UC-certified course lists in California schools) can provide guidance on the types of courses that have been UC-approved. Applying as an International first-year student To be considered for admission to UC Berkeley, international applicants must: finish secondary school and earn a certificate of completion, which allows admission to a university in their home country or country of graduation Please note: If your curriculum requires further certification (examination results such as French Baccalaureate, IGCSE, A Levels, ATAR, etc.) you will also be required to submit those for the official academic record once admitted. Additional Notes: For students in IGCSE/O-Level Curriculum Students who have only completed the IGCSE or O-level exams have not yet met the requirements for admission at UC Berkeley. The university requires further study, either completion of the two-year A-level program with a minimum of three academic exams, the IB diploma program, or another similar academic curriculum. For students with required military service Students from countries requiring entry into military service upon completion of secondary education should not submit an application until the obligation has been met. UC Berkeley will not guarantee deferred admission to a later term once admitted. Language Requirements Applying as an International transfer student To be considered for admission to UC Berkeley, international applicants must fulfill Transfer requirements and: Finish secondary school and Earn a certificate of completion, which allows admission to a university in their home country or country of graduation and Have completed coursework during a regular session at a college or university after high school (the summer session immediately following high school graduation does not count). International students have the same transfer admission requirements as all other transfer students. International English Exams (i.e. TOEFL or IELTS) are not required for admission since English proficiency is assumed when completing the 7-Course Pattern . Please note: For the following college requirements It is not likely that an institution outside of the United States will meet the 7-Course Pattern. However, there are steps to determine transferability of International Coursework . English Proficiency Requirements Proficiency in English is critical to success at UC Berkeley. You can demonstrate proficiency in many ways. English Proficiency Exams and Minimum Score Requirements Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) with a minimum score of 90/4.5 or better International English Language testing System (IELTS) with a minimum score of 6.5 DuoLingo English Test (DET) with a minimum score of 115 COURSE EXAM SCORES AP examination in English Language and Composition: Score 3, 4 or 5 AP examination in English Literature and Composition: Score 3, 4 or 5 IB Standard Level examination in English (Language A only): Score 6 or 7 IB Higher Level examination in English (Language A only): Score 5, 6 or 7 STANDARDIZED ADMISSION TEST SCORES ACT English Language Arts (ELA): Score 24 or higher SAT Writing and Language: Score 31 or higher Students who have 3+ years of Language of Instruction (LOI) in English will also satisfy English Proficiency. Students with a mixed Language of Instruction will not fulfill the requirement. Make sure to select the correct Language of Instruction for each school attended. Students will need to have satisfied English Proficiency by no later than January 31st. Applicants can submit updated exam scores through ApplyUC . These scores must be valid for 2 years from enrollment date to be considered acceptable. Our code to submit official TOEFL and SAT scores through ETS is 4833. For more information, please check out the UC website on English proficiency . In addition: UC Berkeley does not offer alumni or admissions officer interviews as part of its application process. As part of our holistic review however, we will accept InitialView materials for international applicants who are choosing to participate in an InitialView interview as a part of their application journey. If you would like to submit InitialView materials as part of your application, please ensure that they are sent to us by November 30th. InitialView materials are optional and not required to apply to UC Berkeley (please be aware that InitialView Interviews can not replace a required English Language Proficiency Exam Score as outlined above). Financial Documentation The Berkeley International Office (BIO) supports students in visa and financial documentation after admission. Before a U.S. consul will grant a visa, you must prove that you will have sufficient money to meet all your expenses while studying in the United States. You must explain the source of your funds and guarantee that you will receive them while at UC Berkeley. For more information, visit Required Funding Documentation for International students. For more information on Cost of Attendance, visit BIO's Cost of Attendance . Student Visa Information All admitted international students will be required to complete a Non-immigrant Information Form (NIF). A guarantee by the applicant's financial sponsor proving sufficient funds for the first year of study is required. Upon receipt of the completed NIF, the Berkeley International Office (BIO) will issue the document needed for student visa application. Learn more University of California l International Students Basic Admission Requirements Cost of Attendance Berkeley International Office l Visa & Travel Education USA | Study in the United States facebook x instagram medium threads Related University of California Policies This page includes Berkeleys implementation of the following UC-wide policies. Check these resources for additional updates on UC-wide policies. Changes to UC Testing Requirement UC Policy on Augmented Review Office of Undergraduate Admissions University of California, Berkeley 110 Sproul Hall #5800, Berkeley, CA 94720-5800 (510) 642-3175 Events MAP@Berkeley Volunteer Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Nondiscrimination Copyright © 2026 UC Regents; all rights reserved