Skip to main content UC Berkeley Office of Undergraduate Admissions Toggle navigation Main navigation Apply to UC Berkeley First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements Applicant Checklist First-Year Policies Transfer Students Transfer Applicant Checklist Transfer Resources International Students Requirements for International Students Application Resources Application FAQs Personal Insight Questions Application Tips Veterans Counselors and Colleagues Dates and Deadlines Student Profile Academics Majors Academic Support First Generation Resources Research Opportunities Study Abroad Cost Apply for Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Residency Requirements Discover UC Berkeley Culture and Community Diversity Housing Visit Contact Us Events UC Berkeley En Español Requisitos para primer año Requisitos de transferencia Descubre UC Berkeley Ayuda Financiera Secondary navigation MAP@Berkeley Sign Up for Our Email List Contact Us First-Year Requirements Home / Apply to UC Berkeley / First-Year Applicants / First-Year Requirements UC Berkeley seeks students from all over the world to be a part of our dynamic community. First-year applicants are students who are currently in high school (with or without college coursework completed), or students who have graduated high school and have no college coursework post-high school. Show All Hide All Minimum requirements add Students who apply to UC Berkeley should meet the following minimum requirements: Meet the A-G subject course requirements. (Review the A-G Policy Resource Guide ) Have a 3.0 GPA in A-G courses taken in the 10th and 11th grade years. (3.4 GPA for non-residents) *These minimum requirements follow the University of California (UC) minimum requirements. For more information on UC requirements, visit the UC First-year admissions website. Selection add Since UC Berkeley is a competitive campus, satisfying the minimum requirements is often not enough to be competitive for selection. In addition to the basic admission requirements, the campus selects its first-year class through an assessment that includes a holistic review of your academic performance as measured primarily by: Your weighted and unweighted UC grade point average (calculated using 10th and 11th grade UC-approved courses only) Your planned 12th grade courses Your pattern of grades over time The number of college preparatory, Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), honors and transferable college courses you have completed Your level of achievement in those courses relative to other UC applicants at your school Your scores on AP or IB exams and SAT subject exams Holistic review add We review students using a holistic review process. This means that we not only look at academic factors, but also non-academic factors. Using a broad concept of merit, readers employ the following criteria which carry no pre-assigned weights: The applicant's full record of achievement in college preparatory work in high school, including the number and rigor of courses taken and grades earned in those courses. Personal qualities of the applicant, including leadership ability, character, motivation, insight, tenacity, initiative, originality, intellectual independence, responsibility, maturity, and demonstrated concern for others and for the community are considered. Likely contributions to the intellectual and cultural vitality of the campus. In addition to a broad range of intellectual interests and achievements, admission readers seek diversity in personal background and experience. Achievement in academic enrichment programs, including but not limited to those sponsored by the University of California. This criterion is measured by time and depth of participation, by the academic progress made by the applicant during that participation, and by the intellectual rigor of the particular program. Other evidence of achievement. This criterion recognizes exemplary, sustained achievement in any field of intellectual or creative endeavor; accomplishments in extracurricular activities such as the performing arts or athletics; leadership in school or community organizations; employment; and volunteer service. Race, ethnicity, gender, and religion are excluded from the criteria. All achievements, both academic and non-academic, are considered in the context of the opportunities an applicant has had, and the reader's assessment is based on how fully the applicant has taken advantage of those opportunities. For an applicant who has faced any hardships or unusual circumstances, readers consider the maturity, determination and insight with which the applicant has responded to and/or overcome them. Readers also consider other contextual factors that bear directly upon the applicant's achievement, including linguistic background, parental education level, and other indicators of support available in the home. The review recognizes a wide range of talent and creativity that is not necessarily reflected in traditional measures of academic achievement but which, in the judgment of the reader, is a positive indicator of the student's ability to succeed at UC Berkeley and beyond. Next, get familiar with what makes an applicant stand out in our pool: How UC Berkeley selects students Student profile Personal Insight Questions First-year admission policy International students First-year applicant checklist facebook x instagram medium threads Related University of California Policies This page includes Berkeleys implementation of the following UC-wide policies. Check these resources for additional updates on UC-wide policies. Changes to UC Testing Requirement UC Policy on Augmented Review Office of Undergraduate Admissions University of California, Berkeley 110 Sproul Hall #5800, Berkeley, CA 94720-5800 (510) 642-3175 Events MAP@Berkeley Volunteer Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Nondiscrimination Copyright © 2026 UC Regents; all rights reserved