Skip to main content UC Berkeley Office of Undergraduate Admissions Toggle navigation Main navigation Apply to UC Berkeley First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements Applicant Checklist First-Year Policies Transfer Students Transfer Applicant Checklist Transfer Resources International Students Requirements for International Students Application Resources Application FAQs Personal Insight Questions Application Tips Veterans Counselors and Colleagues Dates and Deadlines Student Profile Academics Majors Academic Support First Generation Resources Research Opportunities Study Abroad Cost Apply for Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Residency Requirements Discover UC Berkeley Culture and Community Diversity Housing Visit Contact Us Events UC Berkeley En Español Requisitos para primer año Requisitos de transferencia Descubre UC Berkeley Ayuda Financiera Secondary navigation MAP@Berkeley Sign Up for Our Email List Contact Us First-Year Policies Home / Apply to UC Berkeley / First-Year Applicants / First-Year Policies Standardized testing UC Berkeley is test-free , which means we will not use SAT/ACT test scores in any part of our application process. UC Berkeley has always used, and will continue to use, holistic review, which means there is no one factor on the application that will determine a student's admission status. SAT/ACT test scores were not the only academic indicators available on the application to assess students. Other academic indicators will continue to be assessed in the review process, including grades, the rigor of a student's courses, other non-required tests (AP exams, IB test, etc.), and a student's individual academic context. While SAT/ACT scores will not be used in the admissions process, any scores submitted to UC Berkeley will be used for placement or subject credit purposes should the student be admitted to UC Berkeley. View our Applicant FAQs for more details on our testing policy. Letters of recommendation Select applicants to UC Berkeley are invited to submit two letters of recommendation. Submission is voluntary and not required for full consideration of the application for admission. However, it is highly recommended that students use this opportunity as it can provide additional academic and personal context. Only students invited to submit letters of recommendation can do so, and we will not accept unsolicited letters or supplemental information Furthering our belief in the value of holistic review, we ask that those who write letters consider the following concepts when asked to add a letter to the application process: Academic performance and potential (both overall and in the context of the applicant's high school class) Love of learning Leadership (in school, family, or community) Persistence in the face of challenges Cross-cultural engagement Originality/Creativity Demonstrated concern for others If a student is offered the opportunity to submit up to two letters of recommendation, they must be submitted electronically. Students and recommenders will be provided the appropriate instructions. Additionally, at least one letter should be written by a teacher or instructor in a core academic subject. Letters of recommendation are due January 10. Timeline August 1 UC application opens October 1 - November 30 UC application submission period October through early December Requests for letters sent to students January 10 Letters of recommendations due Process Only students who have submitted a UC application will be considered for the letters of recommendation process. Students who are invited to participate in this process will receive instructions via email on how to use the applicant portal to submit names and contact information for their recommenders. This will initiate an email to the recommenders with instructions on how to submit letters through the portal. Students: Please communicate with your recommenders ahead of time. Make sure they agree to write a letter before you submit their information. Additionally, give them the courtesy of time. Advice for writing letters Help us understand who the human being is behind the numbers. Letters are most helpful when they provide specific examples of a student's accomplishments and character. Go beyond a student's grades, academic performance, or providing a laundry list of their extracurricular activities. Try to personalize each letter as much as possible. Letters should provide us with information that we cannot already obtain from the student's application. Be candid and honest. Avoid vague, general statements without any concrete examples of the student's ability, curiosity, or intellect. Questions letters should try to address: What is the context and nature of your relationship with the applicant? If you know the student but due to workload constraints can only provide a brief summary, please let us know. Has the student demonstrated a willingness to take intellectual risks and go beyond the normal classroom experience? Does the student have any unusual talents, abilities, or interests? What motivates and excites the student? How does the student interact with teachers? Peers? If possible, describe the applicant's personality and social skills. How did the student react to setbacks, failure, or disappointments? Are there any unusual personal, family, or community circumstances of which we should be aware? Helpful Tools Students: If you are a prospective applicant with the opportunity to submit letters of recommendation, check out these helpful hints . Letter Writers: Did a student ask you to write a letter on their behalf? Find tips on how to get started here. Last updated June 2026. Apply to UC Berkeley First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements Applicant Checklist First-Year Policies Transfer Students Transfer requirements Transfer applicant checklist Transfer resources International Students Application Resources Personal Insight Questions Application Tips Veterans Counselors and Colleagues Dates and Deadlines Student Profile Academics Majors Academic Support First Generation Resources Research Opportunities Study Abroad Cost Apply for Financial Aid Housing Residency Requirements Types of Financial Aid Discover UC Berkeley Diversity Visit Contact Us Events UC Berkeley En Español Requisitos para primer año Requisitos de transferencia Descubre Berkeley Publications Admissions Student Staff Sign Up for Our Email List Application FAQs UC Berkeley Unlocked 2026 Thanks for signing up! Meet Your Admissions Officer Submitting transcripts and other documents for newly admitted students Transfer admission information by college Search Requirements for International Students Start Here MAP@Berkeley Status Jobs in Undergraduate Admissions Guide to Decision Release College Information Day & UC Berkeley Showcase Berkeley En Español (SANDBOX) Ayuda Financiera Letters of Recommendation Tools and Tips for Students Letters of Recommendation Tools and Tips for Recommenders Disability Access to Campus Rooms General Information: Campus Access Guide Access for Non-Academic Events: Request for Mobility Accommodations ADA Accommodations for Students: Disabled Students' Program Considering UC Berkeley? View our requirements and admissions process for first-year or transfer admissions. Fund Your Future Around 65% of students qualify for financial aid. Learn about the types of aid that may be available. You Belong at UC Berkeley Check out our student profile to learn more about the incoming class at UC Berkeley. Dates and Deadlines View our annual calendar for deadlines, release dates, and special events. Thrive at UC Berkeley UC Berkeley is a place where you can explore your academic interests. Check out our undergraduate programs and majors and enrichment services. Discover Your UC Berkeley Finding a college that's a good fit for you can be challenging. Learn more to discover the amazing opportunities available at UC Berkeley. Classroom Use Policies View a PDF of policies for General Use Classrooms . Important Note About Residency If you are a nonresident undergraduate student under the age of 24, whose parents are not California residents, you most likely will remain classified as nonresident for the duration of your undergraduate career. NOTE: This website summarizes UC Residency Policy and may not cover individual student or family situations. Content on this website is merely for advising purposes and does not guarantee any residency determination. facebook x instagram medium threads Related University of California Policies This page includes Berkeleys implementation of the following UC-wide policies. Check these resources for additional updates on UC-wide policies. Changes to UC Testing Requirement UC Policy on Augmented Review Office of Undergraduate Admissions University of California, Berkeley 110 Sproul Hall #5800, Berkeley, CA 94720-5800 (510) 642-3175 Events MAP@Berkeley Volunteer Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Nondiscrimination Copyright © 2026 UC Regents; all rights reserved