Skip to main content UC Berkeley Office of Undergraduate Admissions Toggle navigation Main navigation Apply to UC Berkeley First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements Applicant Checklist First-Year Policies Transfer Students Transfer Applicant Checklist Transfer Resources International Students Requirements for International Students Application Resources Application FAQs Personal Insight Questions Application Tips Veterans Counselors and Colleagues Dates and Deadlines Student Profile Academics Majors Academic Support First Generation Resources Research Opportunities Study Abroad Cost Apply for Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Residency Requirements Discover UC Berkeley Culture and Community Diversity Housing Visit Contact Us Events UC Berkeley En Español Requisitos para primer año Requisitos de transferencia Descubre UC Berkeley Ayuda Financiera Secondary navigation MAP@Berkeley Sign Up for Our Email List Contact Us Dates and Deadlines Home / Apply to UC Berkeley / Dates and Deadlines Applications for admission are available beginning in October of the year prior to the year in which you would enter UC Berkeley. The application filing period is October 1 - November 30. All applications must be submitted by November 30. UC Berkeley does not offer applications for early admission or early decision. Important dates UC Application available August 1 Application filing period October 1- November 30 Application deadline November 30 Apply for financial aid - FAFSA or CA Dream Act applications open October 1 UC Berkeley notifies applicants of receipt of application By Early December Online UC Transfer Application Update (TAU) deadline January 31 (priority) UC Berkeley mandatory forms deadline January 31 FAFSA and CA Dream Act deadline March 2 First-year decisions posted End of March* Transfer decisions posted End of April* First-year deadline to accept offer of admission May 1 Transfer deadline to accept offer of admission June 1 **Exact decision dates are given to current applicants in confirmation emails and on the student application portal. Spring Semester Start Show All Hide All Spring Semester Start add Why UC Berkeley Uses January Start UC Berkeley may admit students from the waitlist to start in January. Starting in January as a first-year or being admitted to spring as a transfer in no way reflects on a student's performance or academic abilities compared to students starting in the fall. Your Options for Fall The fall is a time to explore and prepare for the transition to college. Your options include: Enroll in a community college. You must obtain approval before enrolling in courses, to ensure that you do not make yourself ineligible. (Your officer's email is located in your MAP@Berkeley portal ). In most cases, you will not be approved to take courses at a four-year institution. Work at a temp job. Build your nest egg for college. Intern or volunteer to explore different fields and careers. Get a jump on your studies. See if your course syllabi and required reading lists are posted online. Travel, explore, invent, imagine, innovate...or simply take time off. Orientation & Class Enrollment In late fall, before the initial phase of course enrollment for the spring semester, Golden Bear Orientation schedules programs for all undergraduates who will enroll in January. You will receive an email with all of the details. Financial Aid Starting in January does not affect your financial aid package. Housing & Campus Services Although housing is not guaranteed for any student, the Housing office will make every effort to accommodate you. In the event that spaces are available in the residential program, the Housing office must receive your application by the housing deadline. You can confirm dates and other information on the Housing website. Regarding campus services, such as access to campus libraries or University Health Services, during the fall term these services are not available to students who enroll in January. Graduation Rates FIRST-YEARS: First year who attend a community college during the fall typically graduate at the same time as students who begin in the fall. The good news is that January-start first-years have higher four-year graduation rates - around 80% -than do first-years who enter in the fall. TRANSFER STUDENTS : Transfer students should consult their college or department advisers after the spring semester begins to determine their graduation time. Graduation rates for January-entrant transfers vary more than with other groups, although the two-year rates are generally rising slowly. Learn more Academic calendar Application FAQs facebook x instagram medium threads Related University of California Policies This page includes Berkeleys implementation of the following UC-wide policies. Check these resources for additional updates on UC-wide policies. Changes to UC Testing Requirement UC Policy on Augmented Review Office of Undergraduate Admissions University of California, Berkeley 110 Sproul Hall #5800, Berkeley, CA 94720-5800 (510) 642-3175 Events MAP@Berkeley Volunteer Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Nondiscrimination Copyright © 2026 UC Regents; all rights reserved