Skip to main content UC Berkeley Office of Undergraduate Admissions Toggle navigation Main navigation Apply to UC Berkeley First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements Applicant Checklist First-Year Policies Transfer Students Transfer Applicant Checklist Transfer Resources International Students Requirements for International Students Application Resources Application FAQs Personal Insight Questions Application Tips Veterans Counselors and Colleagues Dates and Deadlines Student Profile Academics Majors Academic Support First Generation Resources Research Opportunities Study Abroad Cost Apply for Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Residency Requirements Discover UC Berkeley Culture and Community Diversity Housing Visit Contact Us Events UC Berkeley En Español Requisitos para primer año Requisitos de transferencia Descubre UC Berkeley Ayuda Financiera Secondary navigation MAP@Berkeley Sign Up for Our Email List Contact Us Apply to UC Berkeley Home / Apply to UC Berkeley How to apply The application opens August 1, and you may submit the application October 1 - November 30. Complete the UC application. Apply to as many UC campuses as you like with one application. Applicants should refer to their transcript(s) as they fill out the application to ensure the information they enter is accurate. Applicants should not submit transcripts at this point in the process. Please do not submit supporting documents such as awards, photographs, poetry, etc. with the application. They will not be forwarded, returned or retained. Learn more about transcripts, exams, and documentation . If you have difficulties, contact the UC Application Center at ucinfo@applyucsupport.net or (800) 207-1710. Application fee and fee waivers The application fee is $80 for each UC campus ($95 for international and non-immigrant applicants). Application fee waivers are available to students with financial need. You can apply fee waivers for up to four UC campuses through the UC application . Application fee waivers are available for students who are permanent residents, eligible for AB540 benefits or U.S. citizens. Your family size and income must fall within specific guidelines to be eligible. Application process Admission to UC Berkeley is a two-step process: satisfying requirements and selection. All achievement-both academic and nonacademic/personal-is considered in the context of your educational circumstances, with an emphasis on the opportunities or challenges presented to you and your response to them. No single attribute or characteristic guarantees the admission of any applicant to UC Berkeley. All UC Berkeley applicants must meet University of California admission requirements: First-year requirements and selection Transfer requirements and selection NOTE: UC Berkeley does not participate in early action or early decision. Applicant information For more information on the admissions process beyond the requirements, review the following resources: First-year Learn more from our first-year policy updates - including information on letters of recommendation Follow the first-year applicant checklist Explore the first-year pathways that you may choose from if you are admitted to UC Berkeley. If you are interested in applying to another UC, review the UC first-year requirements Transfer Follow the transfer applicant checklist Learn about the transfer resources available for prospective transfers interested in applying If you are interested in applying to another UC, review the UC transfer requirements Learn more Personal insight questions How UC Berkeley selects students Student Profile Annual Security and Fire Safety Report In compliance with the Jeanne Clery Campus Safety Act, the University of California, Berkeley publishes an Annual Security and Fire Safety Report. This report includes current campus security policies plus crime and fire statistics for the previous three calendar years. It also contains contact information for various campus and community resources related to crime prevention, reporting resources, and survivor assistance. You may use the link above to access a digital copy of the current report. Paper copies of the current report are available free of charge and may be requested by emailing clery@berkeley.edu . UC Berkeley prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibits discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin facebook x instagram medium threads Related University of California Policies This page includes Berkeleys implementation of the following UC-wide policies. Check these resources for additional updates on UC-wide policies. Changes to UC Testing Requirement UC Policy on Augmented Review Office of Undergraduate Admissions University of California, Berkeley 110 Sproul Hall #5800, Berkeley, CA 94720-5800 (510) 642-3175 Events MAP@Berkeley Volunteer Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Nondiscrimination Copyright © 2026 UC Regents; all rights reserved