Skip to main content UC Berkeley Office of Undergraduate Admissions Toggle navigation Main navigation Apply to UC Berkeley First-Year Applicants First-Year Requirements Applicant Checklist First-Year Policies Transfer Students Transfer Applicant Checklist Transfer Resources International Students Requirements for International Students Application Resources Application FAQs Personal Insight Questions Application Tips Veterans Counselors and Colleagues Dates and Deadlines Student Profile Academics Majors Academic Support First Generation Resources Research Opportunities Study Abroad Cost Apply for Financial Aid Types of Financial Aid Residency Requirements Discover UC Berkeley Culture and Community Diversity Housing Visit Contact Us Events UC Berkeley En Español Requisitos para primer año Requisitos de transferencia Descubre UC Berkeley Ayuda Financiera Secondary navigation MAP@Berkeley Sign Up for Our Email List Contact Us Application FAQs Home / Application FAQs Application FAQs You've applied to UC Berkeley! Now what? From Nov. 30 - Dec. 31 : Questions regarding the University of California application should be handled through: UC Application In December, UC Berkeley will notify applicants, via email, that we've received your application. Here are the next steps you need to take: First-year applicant checklist Transfer applicant checklist Applicants log into the UC Berkeley campus application portal here: MAP@Berkeley Show All Hide All General application processing add Q: Where can I get a summary of my online application? A: Visit the UC Application website. Q: How can I confirm that Berkeley received my application? A: In December, UC Berkeley will email you a confirmation that we received your application. Check the email address account you included on your UC Application. Once we receive your application, you will be asked to log in to our campus application portal, MAP@Berkeley , to see the status of your application. If you do NOT receive a confirmation email from Berkeley in December, please contact the UC Application Center at 800-207-1710 (within US) or 310-513-2715 (outside U.S.), or email: ucinfo@applyucsupport.net Q: How do I log into the campus application portal? A: After you have submitted your UC application, you will receive an email from us with instructions on how to set up your MAP@Berkeley account (by December for first-year or by January for transfers). This email will have your username, which is the email you used on your UC application. It will also contain a temporary PIN number. Click on "Create" a password. Click on the URL in the email or simply go to MAP@Berkeley. You will need to login using your email and temporary PIN number. Once you successfully login, you will need to follow the prompts to set your password. Every time you come back to MAP@Berkeley, you will need only the password you created and your email address. *If you forget your password, click on "Forgot your Password?" and follow the prompts. Q: When should I send you my official transcripts and all of my test scores? A: Please do not send documents or other information to UC Berkeley unless requested. If we need more information from an applicant, we will contact you. Most students give us enough information in their applications for us to make a sound decision. After admission decisions are posted on our campus application portal, each admitted student will see their own Conditions of Admission explaining exactly what official documents UC Berkeley requires. Learn more about submitting transcripts to UC Berkeley here. Q: Is it possible for first-year applicants to be admitted earlier than the March decision date? A: Yes, a small number of students will receive notification of their decision in February. Most of these students will be nominees for Regents' and Chancellor's Scholarships, a process that has traditionally been initiated during this time of year; the difference is that those students and some others are receiving admission offers at the same time. Early admission notification is not "Early Action" or "Early Decision." Students cannot apply to be admitted early. The majority of first-year applicants still will receive their decisions at the end of March, via the MAP@Berkeley portal. Changes to testing policy add For full details on the changes to UC Berkeley's testing policy, visit our First-Year Policy Changes page. Q: With UC Berkeley no longer using SAT/ACT exams in the review process, does this mean that UC Berkeley is "test-blind"? A: UC Berkeley prefers the term "test-free", and for us this means that we're not using SAT/ACT test scores for any part of our process, including evaluation/holistic review, selection, or scholarship processes. Q: If I'm applying to multiple UC campuses with different test policies, how should I proceed with filling out my application? A: No UC campus will require SAT/ACT test scores. Since there is only one UC application for all UC campuses, students may consider submitting SAT/ACT test scores on the UC application if they're applying to at least one campus that will use them in their review process, and they want to submit the scores for that campus' review. UC Berkeley will not use SAT/ACT test scores regardless of whether or not they are submitted. Q: Can I submit SAT/ACT test scores to be used for university placement or subject credit? A: Yes. While SAT/ACT scores will not be used in the admissions process, any scores you submit will be used for placement or subject credit purposes should you be admitted to UC Berkeley. Q: Will UC Berkeley use scores from SAT subject test, AP test, IB test, etc. in the application review process? A: Yes. UC Berkeley will continue to accept additional subject test scores that will be used as "value added" in the review process. These subject tests are not required but can be submitted to demonstrate advanced proficiency in an academic subject. Letters of recommendation add For full details on UC Berkeley's letter of recommendation policy, visit our First-year Policy Changes page. Q: Can transfer students submit letters of recommendation? A: No. Only first-year applicants may be asked to submit letters of recommendation. Transfer applicants will not have this option. Q: Who should write a letter of recommendation on behalf of a student? A: If the student is invited to submit letters of recommendation, one letter must be written by a teacher or instructor. The second letter can be written by anyone the student selects, ideally someone who knows them well and can speak to one or more of the characteristics above. Letters from the applicant's immediate family or relatives are discouraged in our process. Q: How should the letters be submitted? A: All letters must be submitted electronically. No letters in the mail or by courier will be accepted. Invited applicants will identify letter writers via a link sent to them. If you are invited to submit up to two letters of recommendation, you will be emailed instructions to log into MAP@Berkeley. Once in the portal, below the checklist, you'll see a link that takes you to a recommendations page. Once there, you'll see a button that reads, "Add Recommender." Click there and follow the instructions. PLEASE NOTE: Requests for letters of recommendation WILL NOT be found within the UC application, which opens August 1. The request will be delivered to your email as a supplemental request. Additionally, UC Berkeley does not use letters through the Naviance system; please ensure that all letters of recommendation are submitted through UC Berkeley's online recommendation system. Q: Is there a word limit? A: While there is not a word limit, we ask that letters be limited to one page. Q: What is the deadline for letters of recommendation? A: All letters will be due by 11:59 p.m. on January 10. After this date, it is not guaranteed that a letter can be read as a part of the application review. Q: How are students selected to submit letters of recommendation? A: We will request letters from students we feel additional information could be useful in our review process. Only a small percent of applicants will be selected to submit letters, and they can choose to submit letters or not. Not doing so will not negatively impact the review. Q: Will a third letter be accepted? A: No. Only two letters will be accepted. Q: Will applications without a letter still be read? Will they be at a disadvantage? A: The policy remains committed to making sure that all first-year applications are thoroughly and thoughtfully read, with or without a letter. Students without a letter will not be at a disadvantage, but we do highly encourage students who are selected to take advantage of this opportunity. Management, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (M.E.T.) Program add Q: What is the Management, Entrepreneurship, & Technology (M.E.T.) Program? A: UC Berkeley's Management, Entrepreneurship, & Technology Program aims to educate leaders with a seamless understanding of technology innovation, from idea to real-world impact. M.E.T. students earn two Bachelor of Science degrees in one program that combines the best of the top-ranked College of Engineering and Haas School of Business. Its integrated curriculum enables students to complete their two degrees within four years, while internships, career coaching and other enrichment activities provide ample opportunity for hands-on practice with technology innovation. Each M.E.T. cohort is small, allowing for close mentoring and a tight-knit community. For more information on the M.E.T. program, please review the questions below, and visit the M.E.T. website and the program's FAQs . Q: How do I apply to the M.E.T. Program? A: To start your application for first-year admission, visit the UC application website. Once you launch your University of California application, you'll be able to select the UC Berkeley campus and choose one of the tracks, which include the following: Aerospace Engineering & Business Administration Bioengineering & Business Administration Civil Engineering & Business Administration Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences & Business Administration Industrial Engineering and Operations Research & Business Administration Material Sciences and Engineering & Business Administration Mechanical Engineering & Business Administration Undeclared Engineering & Business Administration Q: What if I selected the Management, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (M.E.T.) program as my primary major? A: Applicants who are not admitted to the M.E.T. Program will be considered for admission to UC Berkeley Engineering's major that corresponds to the major applied to. This is separate from the alternate major process. Q: If I am not selected for the M.E.T. Program, am I still eligible for other majors at UC Berkeley? A: M.E.T. is highly competitive and will enroll a limited number of first-year. Applicants who are not admitted to the M.E.T. Program will be considered for admission to UC Berkeley Engineering's major that corresponds to the major applied to. However, admission to these majors is not guaranteed. Q: If I choose a major in the M.E.T. Program am I required to submit a supplemental application? A: Students who select a major in the M.E.T. Program as their primary major will receive instructions for supplemental information. Students may not select M.E.T. as an alternate major. Transfer admissions policies and application processing add Q: Is it true that I'm not eligible to transfer to UC Berkeley because I will need the summer to finish my required coursework? A: All UC eligibility requirements for transfer admissions must be completed by the spring prior to the student's transfer. If you are applying for the fall 2027 semester, all eligibility requirements must be completed by spring 2027 to be eligible for transfer. Q: Is it true that I'm not eligible to transfer to UC Berkeley because I have not completed IGETC? A: The College of Letters & Science (L&S) and College of Computing, Data Science, and Society (CDSS) no longer requires completion of IGETC in order to be eligible for transfer. Students must now meet the UC 7-course pattern and any major preparation courses required for their intended major. L&S and CDSS students do not need to have full UC IGETC prior to entering Berkeley but completion is recommended for graduation requirements once at Berkeley. For information about the other colleges, please see below. Q: Is IGETC required for College of Engineering, College of Chemistry, or Haas School of Business? A: No, IGETC is not required for College of Engineering, College of Chemistry, or Haas School of Business. In fact, we encourage students not to follow IGETC and instead focus on major preparation course requirements. Q: Is IGETC required for Rausser College of Natural Resources or College of Environmental Design? A: IGETC is not required for Rausser College of Natural Resources (CNR) or College of Environmental Science (CED), however, completion of full UC IGETC will fulfill all of CED's breadth requirements as well as some of CNR's breadth requirements. Students must still complete the major preparation course requirements of their major. For more information, please visit assist.org. Q: If my total number of UC transferable units is over 80, am I eligible for admission? A: Most programs will not offer admission to students who have earned an excess of 80 UC transferable semester units prior to enrollment, however, if all completed coursework is lower division, this excess unit policy does not apply . If you've applied to the College of Letters and Science, note that most applicants with excess units are denied admission. If you've applied to the College of Engineering, Chemistry, Environmental Design, Rausser College of Natural Resources or Haas School of Business, your application will be reviewed and there may be a very slight chance of admission with excess transferable units. Students will be granted up to 70 semester/105 quarter units of credit for lower division coursework completed at any accredited institution or combination of institutions. Lower division units beyond the maximum for which credit is awarded will be granted subject credit and may be used to satisfy requirements. Upper division units will be added to the overall total. Units earned through AP, IB, and/or A-Level examinations are not included in the limitation and do not put applicants at risk of being denied admissions. Lower or upper division units earned at UC (Extension, summer, cross/concurrent, UC-EAP, and regular academic year enrollment) are added to the maximum lower division credit allowed and might put applicants at risk of being denied admission due to excessive units. Q: I'm not sure if a course I've taken might substitute for a required course. Whom can I ask? A: In the interest of fairness and equal treatment for all students, UC Berkeley staff cannot discuss these issues personally with applicants. You must use the space provided in the "Comments" section of each form to explain your specific case. If we need more information, we will contact you by email and/or phone. Self-resources that may be available include ASSIST.org (primarily for California community college students), or UC Berkeley Catalog . Adding/Changing info on application add Q: Can I change the major (and/or college/school) I applied for at UC Berkeley? A: To change a major/college/school in your submitted UC Berkeley application, please submit your request using the Contact Us form . You can expect a decision via email within five to seven days. NOTE: No new major changes will be considered after January. Q: Can I submit supplemental materials or portfolios to be considered on the application? A: No. Unfortunately, we are unable to accept portfolios, senior-year grades, or other supplemental materials. Anything sent to our office will not be reviewed. For select groups of students we may ask for additional information. This could be letters of recommendation or supplemental forms. Unsolicited materials will not be reviewed and we ask that applicants not send any information that are not specifically requested from the admissions office. Q: How can I change my email address? How can I correct my Social Security number, misspelled name, or birthdate on my application? A: Visit UC Application and log in. Then, click on the Update Account Information link. You may change your personal information there, and the UC Admissions Office will send an update to every UC campus to which you have applied. You can also call the UC Application Center at 800-207-1710 (within U.S.) or 925-298-6856 (outside U.S.), or email: ucinfo@applyucsupport.net Q: Can I make changes (grades, courses, activities, personal insight questions, etc.) to my application after it's been submitted? A: Out of fairness to all applicants, only changes in critical information may be made to UC application data. This includes personal information, release authorizations, and some exam updates. To make changes to critical information, please log into My UC Application or contact the UC Application Center. If you contact the UC Application Center, please make sure to include your name and your UC Application ID number. Making these critical changes to your application will update the information for all of the UC campuses you applied to. Please note that changes to your courses, grades, exams, activities, awards, volunteer work, employment, or personal insight questions are not guaranteed to reach us before your application is reviewed. However, minor changes are unlikely to have an impact on your admission decision. Note: Transfer students will be asked to update fall, winter, and/or spring courses and grades in January through the Transfer Academic Update and UC Berkeley's supplemental forms. UC Application Center 800-207-1710 (within US) 925-298-6856 (outside US) ucinfo@applyucsupport.net Q: How can I add a letter of recommendation, a new commendation, award, honor, etc., to my UC application? Is it too late? A: Out of fairness to all applicants, UC Berkeley does not permit or review unsolicited information. If the campus requires additional information, a form will be displayed in your personal checklist on our secure applicant portal or we will reach out to you via email. Typically, unsolicited information or changes to your application will not alter our final admission decision. Please do not confuse providing new information with correcting false or misleading information on your application. If you have provided information which is no longer true (e.g., you have a grade change or you have dropped a class) you must immediately notify Berkeley in writing about this change. Withdrawals and extensions add Q: How can I cancel or withdraw my UC Berkeley application? A: Please login to your student portal, MAP@Berkeley . Once logged in, under "Account Tools" towards the bottom of the page, click on "Withdraw Application" and follow the prompts. Q: Can I submit an application after the deadline? A: No, we will not accept late applications. Alternate majors add Q: Can applicants to UC Berkeley select more than one major on the application? A: Students can select a primary major and an alternate major. Currently, UC Berkeley only guarantees the review of the primary major and will not review students for an alternate major. Q: How should I decide what my primary major should be versus an alternate major? A: Because we only guarantee the review of the primary major, we highly recommend that students who have a strong interest in a specific major to select that major as their primary selection. Q: Can I change my major after enrolling? A: Students can work with an advisor to explore opportunities to change their major after enrolling. In most circumstances, it is possible to change your major. However, higher-demand majors such as Engineering, or social sciences, may be more difficult to transfer. It is easier to transfer majors in the same college. Q: Can I select "undeclared" as an alternate major? How would that affect my admissions? A: Yes, you may select undeclared as the primary or alternate selection. We know that some students aren't sure what they're interested in prior to enrolling in college, and we offer that flexibility for students. Applying undeclared does not impact your chances of admission. Q: What if I selected the Management, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (M.E.T.) program as my primary major? A: Applicants who are not admitted to the M.E.T. Program will be considered for admission to UC Berkeley Engineering's major that corresponds to the major applied to. This is separate from the alternate major process. Q: What if I selected the Global Management program as my primary major? A: Applicants who are not admitted to the Global Management Program will be considered for admission to the College of Letters and Science's social sciences division. This is separate from the alternate major process. Q: Can I select an alternate major in any college? A: Yes. You can select any major from any college as your primary and your alternate major. However, UC Berkeley will not review a student for their alternate major. Lived name policy add Q: What is the lived name policy? A: In accordance with the California Gender Recognition Act (SB 179), UC Berkeley is adhering to a new system wide Gender Recognition and Lived Name policy , which ensures that all students, employees, alumni, and affiliates are identified by their accurate gender identity and lived name on university-issued identification documents and in UC's information systems by providing guidance on the collection and reporting of gender identity, lived name and sexual orientation. Q: How will the lived name be used? A: We will be using the lived name to address students in all communications, including but not limited to, emails, text messages, official decision letters, etc. Q: If I did not enter a lived name, what will show on my communications? A: If you did not enter a different lived name, we will default to the legal name when addressing you in communications. Q: Can I change my lived name? A: Yes, you may update your information in the UC application . This will update your name at all UC campuses, but can take a few days to process. Q: While my lived name is different from my legal name, I may need my offer letter to reflect my legal name if I'm admitted to UC Berkeley. How can I make that change? A: We understand that there is often a need to have the offer of admission letter printed with the legal name, rather than the lived name. If you wish to have your official admission letter adjusted to display your legal name, we'll have a process where you can request a version with your legal name. Updated February 2026 facebook x instagram medium threads Related University of California Policies This page includes Berkeleys implementation of the following UC-wide policies. Check these resources for additional updates on UC-wide policies. Changes to UC Testing Requirement UC Policy on Augmented Review Office of Undergraduate Admissions University of California, Berkeley 110 Sproul Hall #5800, Berkeley, CA 94720-5800 (510) 642-3175 Events MAP@Berkeley Volunteer Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Nondiscrimination Copyright © 2026 UC Regents; all rights reserved