Skip to main content Main Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data, Information & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Find the program that's right for you Find your program Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Online Sessions Upcoming Events Connect With Us Fall Campus Days Experience U of T during our Fall Campus Day open houses Apply Requirements Canadian Students International Students Other Pathways English Language Requirements Applying How to Apply Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Transfer Credits Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards Awards Profile Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Start your application Ready to apply? Here's how to get started Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges See our student life in action Join us for a campus tour Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Get to know U of T Browse our viewbooks Search this site Breadcrumbs Home / Resources / For International Students Welcome International Students Discover a world-renowned university in a celebrated city where knowledge meets achievement, history meets future and ambitions meet inspiration. Connect with us Discover U of T With three campuses and more than 700 undergraduate programs, U of T is where the world comes to learn. For nearly two centuries, the University of Toronto has been a global leader in research, teaching and innovation. Join a global community that is shaping ideas, policies and breakthroughs around the world. Canada's flagship university Ranked #1 in Canada and consistently among the top universities worldwide. Diverse & vibrant community Almost 30% of our students come from outside Canada, from 160+ countries and regions. 2nd in the world for sustainability (QS World University Rankings: Sustainability, 2026) Top 3 in the world for research citations (Incites 2018-2022) 20th in the world for graduate employability (THE Global Employability University Ranking 2026) 680,600+ alumni in more than 190 countries and territories Why choose U of T? Here are just a few reasons why the University of Toronto stands out on a global scale: Global reputation. Ranked #1 in Canada and consistently among the top universities worldwide. Diverse community. Nearly 30% of our students come from outside Canada, bringing global perspectives into every classroom. Three campuses, one university. Each of our campuses offers something unique, but all are part of one world-class institution. Life in Toronto. Study in one of the most diverse, welcoming, and opportunity-rich regions in the world. Specialist in Peace, Conflict and Justice Studies (Specialist); Political Science (minor) Aditi Social Sciences Aditi is a social science alum (class of 2014), who studied abroad in Kosovo in her undergrad and later went on to earn her MPhil from the University of Cambridge. Linguistics (Major), Drama (Major) Erin Social Sciences Erin is an undergrad student exploring all her passions in university. History (Major), Political Science (Minor), Human Geography (Minor) Pranay Social Sciences Pranay found his community at U of T by getting involved in various campus clubs, events, and internships. Skip to the last item Architectural Studies (Specialist); French (Minor); Spanish (Minor) Riya Design & Visual Studies Riya combines her passion for architecture with real-world experience and leadership on campus as she looks ahead to graduate studies. Living in Toronto What international students want to know Life in Toronto and the GTA We're located in Canada's most dynamic and diverse region. Nearly half the population was born outside of Canada, which makes it easy to find community, culture and familiar food. Whatever campus you're on, you'll have access to transit, green spaces and a welcoming city. Explore Toronto & area Weather and seasons Toronto has four distinct seasons, from hot summers to snowy winters. If you're new to colder weather, don't worry. Our campuses are well equipped for all seasons. Winter is a great time to get outside and try something new, like ice skating outdoors or walking through a snowy park. Getting around Our public transit system is safe, reliable and easy to access from all three campuses. Subways, buses and commuter trains connect you across the region, and even to the airport. Whether you're heading to class or just exploring, it's easy to get where you want to go. Housing and residence If you're an international student entering your first year of full-time undergraduate studies, you're guaranteed a spot in residence-as long as you apply on time. Residences offer close access to classes and a built-in community through vibrant on-campus life. Explore housing Explore your academic options With more than 700 undergraduate programs, you'll find options from architectural studies to astronomical sciences. You'll learn from leading researchers, join small learning communities and have access to cutting-edge labs and hands-on learning that goes beyond the classroom. Explore your areas of interest Browse all undergraduate programs Find out about co-ops and internships The Lester B. Pearson International Scholarships The Lester B. Pearson International Scholarships are the university's most prestigious scholarships for international students. Each year, about 37 exceptional students from around the world are selected for their academic excellence, creativity and leadership. The scholarship covers tuition, books, incidental fees and residence for four years of undergraduate study. Become a Pearson Scholar What you'll need to apply We invite applications from well-qualified students from around the world, regardless of what high school curriculum you may have completed. Here's what you need to know to get started. Application process Applying to U of T is a two-step process, and international students apply the same way as Canadian students. First, submit your application through the Ontario Universities' Application Centre (OUAC). Then, log in to our applicant portal to upload documents, complete any required forms and track your application. Find out how to apply Review our applications Admission requirements Requirements vary by program, but all applicants must present senior-level English and any relevant prerequisites. Admission is based on your academic record in the curriculum you are completing. Find requirements for international high school students Find requirements for international university students Footer navigation Accessibility Visit utoronto.ca Social follow links © 2026 University of Toronto. 25 King's College Circle, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 1A1 Mobile Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data, Information & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Search Search Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Search Search Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Search Search Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Search Search Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Search Search Online Sessions Upcoming Events Connect With Us Search Search Apply Requirements Canadian Students Canadian High School Canadian University or College Canadians Living Abroad Search Search International Students International High School Students High School Requirements by Country Search Search U.S. High School Students U.S Patterned High School Students Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination (CAPE) Students International University or College Students Search Search Other Pathways Non-Degree Students Pathway Programs Visiting Students Mature Students Search Search English Language Requirements English Language Transition Programs Search Search Search Search Applying How to Apply Protect Yourself From Fraud Search Search Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines Canadian Living in Ontario Canadian Living Outside Ontario International Search Search Search Search After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Waitlist Search Search Transfer Credits High School Transfer Credits University & College Transfer Credits Search Search Search Search Search Search Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards President's Scholars of Excellence Program U of T Scholars Program Search Search Awards Profile Search Search Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Search Search Search Search Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Search Search Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges Search Search Search Search Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Search Search Search Search