Skip to main content Main Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data, Information & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Find the program that's right for you Find your program Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Online Sessions Upcoming Events Connect With Us Fall Campus Days Experience U of T during our Fall Campus Day open houses Apply Requirements Canadian Students International Students Other Pathways English Language Requirements Applying How to Apply Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Transfer Credits Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards Awards Profile Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Start your application Ready to apply? Here's how to get started Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges See our student life in action Join us for a campus tour Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Get to know U of T Browse our viewbooks Search this site Breadcrumbs Home / Apply / After You Apply / Required Documents After you apply Required Documents After you apply, you may be asked to submit documents such as transcripts, test scores or proof of English language proficiency. The documents you need will depend on your academic background and the programs you've applied to. What you may need to submit You must provide full documentation (transcripts) for all secondary and post-secondary studies attempted. Depending on your academic background and the areas you've applied to, you may also need to submit: Self-reported grades form (if applicable) Proof of English language proficiency Standardized test results (e.g., SAT, ACT, IB, AP) Other documents as requested If your documents are in a language other than English or French, you will also need to provide notarized translations. Everything that we need from you will be clearly listed on the Join U of T applicant portal or the Engineering Applicant Portal . If you're currently studying in an Ontario high school, your school will automatically send your high school results to the university. You do not need to upload your transcripts. Supplemental applications Most programs only require your academic results for admission. However, some programs ask for a supplemental application to get a fuller picture of your interests and experiences. The applicant portals will indicate if you need to submit a supplemental application. Details on supplemental applications New to Ontario If you're currently finishing high school in Ontario, but completed Grade 11 in another province or country, you will be asked to submit your Grade 11 results. Deadlines for submitting your documents can be found on the Dates & Deadlines page. How to submit your documents Whenever possible, submit transcripts and test scores electronically directly from your school or testing authority. If electronic submission isn't available, you will have the option to upload documents manually on the applicant portals. The admissions team may review uploaded (unofficial) documents to make a provisional admission decision. However, official transcripts-sent directly from the issuing institution-may be required at any point during the admission process and are always required to finalize an offer of admission. Details on submitting and uploading required documents will be listed on the applicant portals. Review document deadlines Important note about submitting documents Any documents you submit become the property of the University of Toronto and will not be returned or forwarded to other institutions. The university also does not retain documents from previous applications. We strongly advise that you do not mail irreplaceable original documents. Submission guidelines by applicant type Find specific instructions on how to submit your documents based on your academic background. Expand All Ontario High School Currently enrolled full-time Your school will send Grade 11 and 12 results through the OUAC. All grades MUST be submitted via the OUAC; unsolicited Ontario transcripts/report cards will not be reviewed. Ontario High School Not currently enrolled or enrolled full-time After you have applied, upload your transcripts and self-report your grades through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . Quebec CEGEP Provide your Permanent Code on your OUAC application, allowing U of T to obtain your transcripts electronically from the OUAC. Canadian High Schools Outside of Ontario and Quebec After you have applied, upload your transcripts and complete the self-reported form through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . U.S. High School After you have applied, submit transcripts electronically via Parchment/Naviance. Where electronic transfer of documents is not possible, upload your transcripts. Complete the self-reported form through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . Test scores (SAT/ACT/AP) must be sent electronically. International Baccalaureate After you have applied, upload your transcripts and complete the self-reported form through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . Final IB results must be sent electronically by the IBO. GCE (British-Patterned Education) After you have applied, upload your transcripts and complete the self-reported form through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . Final IGCSE/GCSE/O level and AS/A Level results must be issued by the appropriate exam board. High Schools Outside of Canada and the U.S. After you have applied, upload your transcripts and complete the self-reported grades form (if requested) through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . Check Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal for a list of documents required to complete your application. Universities and Colleges in Ontario Submit your post-secondary transcripts electronically via OUAC. Universities and Colleges Outside of Ontario After you have applied, upload your transcripts through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . U.S. Universities and Colleges Submit transcripts electronically via Parchment/Naviance. Go to Parchment , register for a student account and have your transcripts sent electronically to University Admissions and Outreach. Where electronic transfer of documents is not possible, upload your transcripts through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . Universities and Colleges Outside of Canada and the U.S. Submit your transcripts electronically via Parchment/Naviance. Where electronic transfer of documents is not possible, upload your transcripts through Join U of T or the Engineering Applicant Portal . Check the applicant portals for a list of documents required to complete your application. Frequently asked questions Expand All Do I need to send official transcripts right away? No. Before you submit any documents, wait until you have access to the Join U of T applicant portal or the Engineering applicant portal and carefully review the required documents. You should not send any transcripts or documents until you've reviewed the requirements list on the applicant portals and followed the instructions. In many cases, we can review unofficial transcripts uploaded through your applicant portal to make a provisional admission decision. However, official transcripts sent directly from the issuing institution will be required to finalize your offer. My school sent my transcript. How do I know if you received it? The Join U of T applicant portal or the Engineering Applicant Portal will show what documents we've received. Keep in mind that it may take some time for documents to be received and processed. What's the deadline for sending in my required documents? It depends on what you've applied to. Review our deadlines to submit supporting documentation. I'm still in school and I don't have all the documents that are requested. What should I do? We understand that you may not have final results yet. Submit what you have by the deadline, including midterm and interim results, and check your applicant portal regularly for updates. If you're waiting on documents from a school or testing agency, make sure they've been requested. Footer navigation Accessibility Visit utoronto.ca Social follow links © 2026 University of Toronto. 25 King's College Circle, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 1A1 Mobile Menu Academics Areas of interest Business, Commerce & Management Data, Information & Computer Science Design & Visual Studies Engineering Health & Life Sciences Literature, Language & Culture Mathematics & Physical Sciences Music & the Performing Arts Social Sciences Sustainability & the Environment Search Search Undergraduate Programs Build Your Degree Search Search Experiential Learning First Year Learning Learning Beyond Classes Student Research Work Integrated Learning Search Search Graduate Studies High School Enrichment Programs Search Search Visit Campus Tours Mississauga Campus Tours Scarborough Campus Tours St. George Campus Tours Virtual Campus Tour Search Search Online Sessions Upcoming Events Connect With Us Search Search Apply Requirements Canadian Students Canadian High School Canadian University or College Canadians Living Abroad Search Search International Students International High School Students High School Requirements by Country Search Search U.S. High School Students U.S Patterned High School Students Caribbean Advanced Proficiency Examination (CAPE) Students International University or College Students Search Search Other Pathways Non-Degree Students Pathway Programs Visiting Students Mature Students Search Search English Language Requirements English Language Transition Programs Search Search Search Search Applying How to Apply Protect Yourself From Fraud Search Search Applications Dates & Deadlines Admissions Timelines Canadian Living in Ontario Canadian Living Outside Ontario International Search Search Search Search After You Apply Required Documents Supplemental Applications Assessment Process Admission Decisions Waitlist Search Search Transfer Credits High School Transfer Credits University & College Transfer Credits Search Search Search Search Search Search Finances University Fees Scholarships Admission Awards President's Scholars of Excellence Program U of T Scholars Program Search Search Awards Profile Search Search Financial Aid Ontario Students Canadian Students U.S. Students International Students Search Search Search Search Student Life Our Three Campuses Toronto & Area Search Search Housing Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Inclusive Community Student Clubs Student Support Arts & Science Colleges Search Search Search Search Resources For International Students For Parents & Supporters For School Counsellors Equity & Outreach Viewbooks Contact Us Search Search Search Search