Official government website of the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia How to verify Links to official Saudi websites end with sa All links to official websites of government agencies in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia end with gov.sa. Government websites use the HTTPS protocol for encryption and security. Secure websites in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia use the HTTPS protocol for encryption. Registered with the Digital Government Authority under number : 20260418673 Your profile is incomplete. Complete it to apply to academic programs. Complete Profile Home Institutions Find Your Program Your Life in Saudi About Hamza Test English العربية English My Profile My Preferences My Applications My Tickets Change Password Admin Dashboard University Dashboard Security Screening Candidacy Track Sign Out Sign In My Profile My Preferences My Applications My Tickets Change Password Admin Dashboard University Dashboard Security Screening Candidacy Track Sign Out Sign In عربي Home Institutions Find Your Program Your Life in Saudi About Hamza Test Home Institutions Institutions Discover leading public and private universities in Saudi Arabia and explore their available academic programs. All Regions Al Bahah Al Jawf Asir Eastern Province Hail Jazan Madinah Makkah Najran Northern Borders Qassim Riyadh Tabuk Government Universities Show More Mecca Al Mukarama Umm al-Qura University 201 programs Buraida Qassim University 173 programs Jeddah King Abdulaziz University 138 programs Al-Ahsa King Faisal University 126 programs Private Universities Show More Jeddah Effat University 68 programs Jeddah Batterjee Medical College (BMC) 56 programs Buraida Mustaqbal University 56 programs Riyadh Al Yamamah University (YU) 52 programs Academies & Institutes Buraida Masader Alelm Higher Institute for Training 4 programs Start Your Journey Now Your Next Step Starts Here... Register today and begin your educational journey in Saudi Arabia. Discover endless opportunities at some of the Kingdom's leading universities. Register Now Quick Links Home Institutions Scholarships & Visa Guide Living in Saudi Get Help FAQ Need Help? Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Follow Us All Rights Reserved to the Ministry of Education © 2026 We use cookies We use cookies to improve your experience and analyse site traffic. You can choose which cookies to allow. Privacy Policy Customize Necessary Only Accept All Necessary Cookies Required for the site to function. Cannot be disabled. Always On Analytics Cookies Help us understand how visitors use the site (Google Analytics). Save Preferences