Official government website of the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia How to verify Links to official Saudi websites end with sa All links to official websites of government agencies in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia end with gov.sa. Government websites use the HTTPS protocol for encryption and security. Secure websites in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia use the HTTPS protocol for encryption. Registered with the Digital Government Authority under number : 20260418673 Your profile is incomplete. Complete it to apply to academic programs. Complete Profile Home Institutions Find Your Program Your Life in Saudi About Hamza Test English العربية English My Profile My Preferences My Applications My Tickets Change Password Admin Dashboard University Dashboard Security Screening Candidacy Track Sign Out Sign In My Profile My Preferences My Applications My Tickets Change Password Admin Dashboard University Dashboard Security Screening Candidacy Track Sign Out Sign In عربي Home Institutions Find Your Program Your Life in Saudi About Hamza Test Home Study Visa & Pathways Study Visa & Pathways Tuition, housing & living - all covered Full Scholarships 01 Details Partial Support Partial Scholarships 02 Details Self-Funded Paid Study Programs 03 Details Visas Short-term Visa Long-term Visa Eligibility Study, training, or participation in short-term programs in Saudi Arabia for a period not exceeding six months, suitable for language study, short-term programs, and student exchange programs Eligibility Applicant must be 16 years of age or older A valid passport with at least 6 months validity from the intended date of entry to the Kingdom. Acceptance from a licensed and accredited educational institution in the Kingdom. Proof of financial ability to cover tuition and living expenses or a financial guarantee. Written consent of the guardian and companions for visa holders under 18 years of age. Duration Up to 6 months (extendable) Extendable for an additional 6 months Eligibility Study, work, or research in Saudi Arabia for a period exceeding one year, suitable for academic degrees such as Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctorate Eligibility Applicant must be 16 years of age or older A valid passport with at least 6 months validity from the intended date of entry to the Kingdom. Acceptance from a licensed and accredited educational institution in the Kingdom. Proof of financial ability to cover tuition and living expenses or a financial guarantee. Written consent of the guardian and companions for visa holders under 18 years of age. A medical report confirming freedom from infectious diseases Medical insurance document for the visa holder and dependents Proof of proficiency in the language of study, except for those wishing to study Arabic Duration 1 year (renewable annually) Renewable annually 01 View Educational Institutions Quick Links Home Institutions Scholarships & Visa Guide Living in Saudi Get Help FAQ Need Help? Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Follow Us All Rights Reserved to the Ministry of Education © 2026 We use cookies We use cookies to improve your experience and analyse site traffic. You can choose which cookies to allow. Privacy Policy Customize Necessary Only Accept All Necessary Cookies Required for the site to function. Cannot be disabled. Always On Analytics Cookies Help us understand how visitors use the site (Google Analytics). Save Preferences