Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Study Undergraduate Our courses Applying How to apply Key dates Entry Requirements English Language Requirements Admissions Tests (TMUA) Contextual Offers Extenuating circumstances Personal statement Your reference Applying to Warwick FAQs Guidance for parents and carers After you have applied International applicants Fees and funding Fees and course costs Living costs Scholarships and bursaries UK and EU student loans Life at Warwick Open Days Open Day FAQs Accessibility Getting to campus Offer Holders Offer Holder guide Verification Results Conflict in Middle East Visit Us Explore Warwick Around campus Accommodation Arts, culture and events Career support Food and shops Social life Study abroad Why study at Warwick? Student support Unibuddy Teaching Excellence Faculty of Arts Faculty of Science, Engineering and Medicine Faculty of Social Sciences 360° Virtual Tour Schools Events for Schools and Colleges Frequently Asked Questions Meet the team Visit our Campus Applying International applicants International applicants International Applicants Our International Team are here to support and guide you. Specific country information Overseas Qualifications: UK Equivalent Scores International Foundation Programme Scholarships, fees and funding Help Centre Immigration How can I visit campus? If you are a student travelling from overseas, the Office for Global Engagement is happy to help you make arrangements to visit the University. Please contact at int dot recruitment at warwick dot ac dot uk . Are there other events I can attend? Our International Team offer detailed advice, assistance and information. We have a network of representatives and offices in many countries as well as from Warwick representatives who visit these areas. Find out more about our services and event schedule Further questions If you have any queries about this, you can contact us at int dot recruitment at warwick dot ac dot uk Connect with us Talk to us Live Chat Live chats Undergraduate Enquiries Make an enquiry Unibuddy Chat to our Unibuddies Find us The University of Warwick Coventry , CV4 7AL , UK Page contact: Prospectus Team Last revised: Mon 6 Jul 2020 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information