Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Study International Admissions International Parents English Requirements Fees and funding Country Information Europe & Central Asia Global Community Meet us Fairs Individual Counselling Offer Holder Events Visiting us Student Visa Advice Service Applying for a Visa Enrolment and Right to Study Checks During Your Studies After Your Studies A-Z Glossary Contact Us or Make a Request Contact Agents Code of Conduct Feedback and Complaints Country Information Europe & Central Asia Tajikistan Europe, Russia and Central Asia : Tajikistan The University of Warwick is pleased to welcome students from across Europe, Russia and Central Asia each year, studying from foundation programme to our research degrees. All the information you need on making your application to Warwick can be found below. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to get in touch with us. Individual Counselling Appointments If you'd like to arrange a private one-to-one appointment, find out more about individual counselling appointments with the Europe Team . Entry Requirements View a summary of the Entry Requirements for Tajikistan . If you have any questions, please contact us. Warwick IFP For information on entry requirements for the Warwick International Foundation Programme, see the Warwick IFP entry requirements . Undergraduate Link opens in a new window Warwick IFP required. Alternatively IB, A-Levels, APs or two years of a Bachelors degree for entry. Postgraduate Link opens in a new window We would typically require a Specialist Diploma or Masters degree, from a well ranked institution, for entry onto our postgraduate taught courses, with the following equivalencies: UK Classification Overall GPA 1st 5 2:1 4.5 2:2 4 English Requirements You need to demonstrate a required level of English language proficiency to meet the entry requirements for Warwick. See our English language requirements . Visa Information for Tajikistan For courses over 6 months in duration, view our visa information for Tajikistan . The Immigration Service is here to help and support you during your application and studies at Warwick. How do I apply for a Student Visa? Read our Student Visa application guidance for information on how to prepare for a Student Visa application, including how to complete the online application form, what documents to prepare, and what documents to submit. Is a Tuberculosis (TB) certificate required? To check whether a Tuberculosis (TB) certificate is required and for a list of approved medical practitioners, see the UK Government TB testing guidance . Do the differentiation arrangements apply to me? To find out whether the differentiation arrangements apply to you when applying for a student route visa, see the Immigration Service guidance on differentiation arrangements . Are you applying with dependants? If you are considering bringing your family to Warwick, read our guidance for students with dependants . Further Guidance If you require further guidance or information, including advice on what to do if your visa is refused, see the Warwick Immigration Service guidance or contact the Immigration Service team via Live Chat or the contact form. Meet us The University of Warwick typically visits Europe, Russia and Central Asia each year. Future visits will be advertised on our Meet us pages when available. Scholarships We offer a range of scholarships for EU and International applicants. Find out about our scholarships and bursaries . View information about fees for Home/EU and International students . You can also find information about living costs . Student Community We have over 300 clubs and societies for you to get involved with and meet other students from across the world. Societies include Academic, Activities & Games, Campaigning, Cultural, Film & Media, Food & Drink, Halls, Music, Performance, Religious & Belief and Welfare, Charity & Action. Browse the full list of clubs and societies . Applying to Warwick The University of Warwick works with StudyNet Link opens in a new window and Nadia Golenischeva Link opens in a new window in Tajikistan, who are able to provide advice and guidance on studying at Warwick. You may also find the Education UK global website useful for information on studying in the UK. Apply for Undergraduate Degrees Link opens in a new window via UCAS or apply Direct for our International Foundation Link opens in a new window or Postgraduate Degrees Link opens in a new window . Arriving at Warwick For guidance on arriving at the University of Warwick, including information on Airport transfers, view our Welcome to Warwick pages . Contact the Central Asia Team Questions about studying with us? Daria Patini and Donna Corcoran are your dedicated contacts for Tajikistan. They are happy to answer any queries or questions you may have. You can contact them on the information below, or join us on an upcoming Live Chat . Tel: +44 (0)24 7657 2686 or Email: eurusca@warwick.ac.uk Online Events 360 Virtual Tour Receive Updates Contact us Live chat Chat to our students Contact info University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL Staff intranet Connect with us Page contact: International Recruitment Last revised: Wed 19 Aug 2026 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information