Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Study International Admissions International Parents English Requirements Fees and funding Country Information Global Community Meet us Fairs Individual Counselling Offer Holder Events Visiting us Student Visa Advice Service Applying for a Visa Enrolment and Right to Study Checks During Your Studies After Your Studies A-Z Glossary Contact Us or Make a Request Contact Agents Code of Conduct Feedback and Complaints Admissions Fees and funding Foreign loans Living Costs Fees and funding Tuition fees A full list of tuition fees are available on the Student Finance website. Scholarships Please see our Scholarship Portal for information on all scholarships provided by or linked to University of Warwick. Living costs and foreign loans It is important that you budget carefully during your studies at Warwick. Find out more about the costs of living at Warwick and foreign loans. Sponsored Students If a sponsor is paying all or part of your fees, you should have already completed a sponsorship form. You can find this form, along with full guidance on the Student Finance Office website. Please be aware that the University is unable to accept student sponsorship from organisations that fail money laundering checks. In addition, the University is not able to accept student sponsorship from organisations associated with tobacco cultivation, production or manufacture and may be unable to accept student sponsorship from other industries that, in the opinion of the University, could cause harm to the University and/or its community. If you have any concerns over the appropriateness of your sponsor, please contact sponsorinvoices@warwick.ac.uk . Contact us Live chat Chat to our students Contact info University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL Staff intranet Connect with us Page contact: International Recruitment Last revised: Tue 7 Oct 2025 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information