Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Warwick International Foundation Programme Why Warwick Our Courses Progression Support Student Experience Accommodation Dates and Fees Scholarships Student Voices Alumni How to apply English Language Requirements Personal Statement Requirements Visa Information Contact Us Webinars & Live Chats I Warwick IFP Sign-Up for Our Newsletters International Events Scholarships Scholarships | International Foundation Programme Warwick IFP 2026 Scholarships Launch Announcement 🎉 We are pleased to announce that we are offering a number of academic scholarships to outstanding students who join the 2026-27 Warwick IFP. The scholarships will range from £2,000 to £3,500 towards your IFP tuition fees and will be awarded on an ongoing basis during the application cycle, so you are strongly encouraged to apply early for the IFP. Securing a scholarship for the Warwick IFP will be highly competitive, and all scholarship awards reflect our confidence in your potential, that we recognise your commitment to excelling in your studies with us, and the contributions you will make to the Warwick community. Eligibility Criteria In order to be eligible, you must: Apply for the Warwick IFP and submit your supporting documents (Transcript and Personal Statement) Ensure that your Personal Statement meets all of our requirements Accept a Conditional Offer for the IFP What are we looking for? Initially, we will be reviewing your Personal Statement, so please ensure that you pay attention to our guidance before making your application . We want to see a student with lots of academic potential, who has a clear enthusiasm for their particular subject area. A strong answer to the third question in your Personal Statement will be particularly important. What is the process? We'll be automatically considering all applicants during the admissions assessment, and will be score eligible applicants based on their Personal Statement and academic background. Successful students will receive a scholarship offer via email, and to secure the scholarship, will need to pay their deposit by the stated deadline. Students already holding an offer as of 30 April 2026 will also be considered for scholarships, and will be contacted in due course if they have been awarded a scholarship. If you have any questions about the scholarship process, please contact the team. Terms and Conditions Please read this information carefully and ensure that you understand the conditions of the IFP Scholarship Scheme. University of Warwick reserves the right to withdraw your scholarship if you are subsequently found to be ineligible or if these terms and conditions are not adhered to. Warwick also reserves the right to amend its scholarship provision without notice. Full Terms and Conditions Full Terms and Conditions As a Warwick IFP Scholarship holder, you will be required to: Accept the scholarship by the given deadline - the University reserves the right to withdraw the offer of a scholarship if it is not accepted by the given deadline on the offer letter. Be accepted onto your course following confirmation of examination grades and meeting any other outstanding conditions of your offer. Register on your academic course by the given start date in Autumn of the entry year. Scholarships cannot be deferred to the following academic year. Inform the IFP Admissions Team of any other scholarships/sponsorship currently held or awarded at a later date. The scholarship may be adjusted or withdrawn if the other sources of funding exceed the total cost of the tuition fee. Pay all outstanding tuition fees by University deadlines, as detailed on our student finance web pages ( Student Finance - University of Warwick ). Non-payment of fees may result in the scholarship being withdrawn and full fees being charged to you. As this scholarship is only available to cover part of your tuition fees, you are expected to pay your remaining tuition fees and maintain your living costs for the duration of your programme of study. Additional financial support is not available. The University recommends that students will need £1,171 per month for living costs, in line with maintenance costs required for visa purposes. More information on this can be found on our immigration pages . Repay the scholarship amount, pro-rata, if you withdraw from your course before completion. Agree to act in an ambassadorial capacity. This may be undertaken in a number of different ways and could include any of the following: writing a blog about your experiences at the University of Warwick, to write a short profile on what winning the scholarship has meant for you, to work with the Department and wider University Recruitment team to support recruitment activities, consent to your name being included in any publicity information about the scholarship awards. Agree to the University of Warwick contacting you approximately two years after your IFP completion for an update on how the scholarship has influenced your progression into undergraduate studies. Contact us ifp@warwick.ac.uk Tel. +44(0)24 76523003 University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL Connect with us Page contact: International Foundation Programme Team Last revised: Mon 6 Jul 2026 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information