Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Study Undergraduate Our courses Applying How to apply Key dates Entry Requirements English Language Requirements Admissions Tests (TMUA) Contextual Offers Extenuating circumstances Personal statement Your reference Applying to Warwick FAQs Guidance for parents and carers After you have applied Fees and funding Fees and course costs Living costs Scholarships and bursaries UK and EU student loans Life at Warwick Open Days Open Day FAQs Accessibility Getting to campus Offer Holders Offer Holder guide Verification Results Conflict in Middle East Visit Us Explore Warwick Around campus Accommodation Arts, culture and events Career support Food and shops Social life Study abroad Why study at Warwick? Student support Unibuddy Teaching Excellence Faculty of Arts Faculty of Science, Engineering and Medicine Faculty of Social Sciences 360° Virtual Tour Schools Events for Schools and Colleges Frequently Asked Questions Meet the team Visit our Campus Fees and funding Scholarships and bursaries Scholarships and bursaries Learn about scholarships and bursaries available to undergraduate students. Scholarships and bursaries We offer a number of undergraduate scholarships and bursaries to full-time undergraduate students. These include sporting and musical bursaries, and scholarships offered by commercial organisations. Find out more about funding opportunities for full-time students. Link opens in a new window International scholarships If you are an international student, a limited number of scholarships may be available. Find out more information on our international scholarship pages. Link opens in a new window You may be eligible for financial help from your own government, from the British Council or from other funding agencies. You can usually request information on scholarships from the Ministry of Education in your home country, or from the local British Council office. Warwick Undergraduate Global Excellence Scholarship We believe there should be no barrier to talent. That's why we are committed to offering a scholarship that makes it easier for gifted, ambitious international learners to pursue their academic interests at one of the UK's most prestigious universities. Find out more about the Warwick Undergraduate Global Excellence Scholarship. Link opens in a new window Part-time fee waiver Find out more about the Warwick scholarship for part-time students. Link opens in a new window Warwick Bursary for low income students We provide extra financial support for qualifying students from lower income families. The Warwick Undergraduate Bursary is an annual award of up to £2,500 per annum. It is intended to help with course-related costs and you do not have to pay it back. Find out more about your eligibility for the Warwick Undergraduate Bursary (2025 entry). Link opens in a new window Sanctuary scholarships for asylum seekers As part of the 'City of Sanctuary' movement, we are committed to building a culture of hospitality and welcome, especially for those seeking sanctuary from war and persecution. We provide a range of scholarships to enable people seeking sanctuary or asylum to progress to access university education. Find out more about the Warwick Undergraduate Sanctuary Scholarships for asylum seekers. Link opens in a new window Further information Find out more about Warwick undergraduate bursaries and scholarships. Connect with us Talk to us Live Chat Live chats Undergraduate Enquiries Make an enquiry Unibuddy Chat to our Unibuddies Find us The University of Warwick Coventry , CV4 7AL , UK Page contact: Prospectus Team Last revised: Thu 25 Feb 2021 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information