Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Study Undergraduate Our courses Applying How to apply Key dates Entry Requirements English Language Requirements Admissions Tests (TMUA) Contextual Offers Extenuating circumstances Personal statement Your reference Applying to Warwick FAQs Guidance for parents and carers After you have applied Fees and funding Fees and course costs Living costs Scholarships and bursaries UK and EU student loans Life at Warwick Open Days Open Day FAQs Accessibility Getting to campus Offer Holders Offer Holder guide Verification Results Conflict in Middle East Visit Us Explore Warwick Around campus Accommodation Arts, culture and events Career support Food and shops Social life Study abroad Why study at Warwick? Student support Unibuddy Teaching Excellence Faculty of Arts Faculty of Science, Engineering and Medicine Faculty of Social Sciences 360° Virtual Tour Schools Events for Schools and Colleges Frequently Asked Questions Meet the team Visit our Campus Applying Key dates Key dates for applying to Warwick When should I apply to Warwick? Applications for 2026 entry opened via UCAS on 2 September 2025. In order to guarantee consideration for your preferred course, you must apply by the UCAS deadline at 18:00 on 14 January 2026. Although a small number of courses may still consider applications after this date, this is not guaranteed and equal consideration will not apply. To find out whether a course is still open for applications you can use the UCAS Search Tool. Link opens in a new window UCAS key dates You can see UCAS's deadline for applications online UCAS - when to apply Link opens in a new window Year 12s You might want to explore our on-campus and virtual Open Days this summer. You should also start your personal statement . Year 13s September You can apply to study at Warwick through UCAS online. How to apply to Warwick After you have applied to Warwick You may also be interested in: Entry requirements English Language requirements Contextual Offers October We will begin to make our decisions about applications. You can monitor your application through the UCAS Hub. If you have been offered a place, you may also be invited to Offer Holder events throughout the year. These help you to ask any questions about your course and get to know your future department a little better. November to April For some courses, the academic department may invite you to an interview before making an offer. These currently include English and Theatre Studies (QW34) and Theatre and Performance Studies (W440). Interview policies are listed in the prospectus or course webpages . Please note that meeting and even exceeding the minimum or typical entry requirements does not guarantee that you will be called for interview. Please note that as all decisions are communicated to applicants via UCAS; course selectors cannot confirm offers at interview. In addition to the interviews for the courses listed above, those returning to study and those who will be under 18 at the start of their course may also be called for interview. January to May Deadline: You need to finish your application (including academic reference) by 14 January 2026. You will receive a decision on your application no later than 13 May 2026 if you apply by 14 January 2026. Once you hear back about your applications, you will make up to two final choices on UCAS. Typically you will choose your preferred university as your first (firm) choice, and a university with lower entry requirements as your insurance choice. Applications for Student Finance will also open. Eligible students can apply for tuition fees and maintenance loans before hearing back from universities. July to August Once you have accepted your place at Warwick, our accommodation team will be in touch to help you request your accommodation on campus. Find out more about Warwick Accommodation Deadline: You must provide verification of qualifications or results (excluding results released in August e.g. A Level, CIE A Level, ILC and GCSE) by 23 July 2026. Main Clearing opens on A-level results day, Thursday 13 August 2026. It allows you to find a place at university if you don't already have one. Any vacancies at Warwick will be advertised on our Clearing webpages. Deadline: For any results released in August 2026, the deadline to provide confirmation that you have met conditions is 31 August 2026. September to October Deadline: For applicants who have requested a resit, or remark of qualifications awarded in academic year 2025/26, the deadline to provide confirmation of these results is 3 September 2026. You'll start your course at Warwick. Connect with us Talk to us Live Chat Live chats Undergraduate Enquiries Make an enquiry Unibuddy Chat to our Unibuddies Find us The University of Warwick Coventry , CV4 7AL , UK Page contact: Prospectus Team Last revised: Fri 24 Oct 2025 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information