Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Warwick International Foundation Programme Why Warwick Our Courses Progression Support Student Experience Accommodation Dates and Fees Scholarships Student Voices Alumni How to apply English Language Requirements Personal Statement Requirements Visa Information Contact Us Webinars & Live Chats I Warwick IFP Sign-Up for Our Newsletters International Events Warwick International Foundation Programme Welcome to the Warwick IFP The Warwick International Foundation Programme - Preparing You for University Take the perfect first step towards your undergraduate degree by joining one of the longest running foundation programmes in the world. For 40 years, we've helped shape the skills and knowledge of international students like you on our one-year foundation courses - o ur programmes are designed with your needs in mind. We have a team of experts to help you bridge the gap between your current knowledge and qualifications, and your undergraduate study. Through high quality teaching and personal support, you will develop your confidence and academic ability to progress on to your chosen degree. You'll receive a guaranteed conditional offer if you decide to study a relevant undergraduate course at Warwick once you've finished the programme. Each year, our students go on to study undergraduate degrees at Warwick and other top universities in the UK. 2026 Application Details Register your interest for 2027 intake Courses Pick one of our courses to start your journey to your chosen undergraduate degree. All courses will equip you with the academic skills and English Language ability you need to progress on to your chosen undergraduate degree. Course List Application Process You can apply for the Warwick IFP directly via our website using our online form. It is simple and easy to do. Find out more about the application process via our step-by-step guide. Applications Student Experience Our International Foundation Programme is is a student-centred and holistic experience, delivered on the University of Warwick campus. You'll be a Warwick student from day one, experiencing everything the University has to offer. Student Experience Hear from our students Want to find out what life is like at Warwick and on the IFP? The best people to hear from are our current and previous students. We have a range of video and written testimonials from previous IFP students, sharing their experiences. Student profiles Contact us ifp@warwick.ac.uk Tel. +44(0)24 76523003 University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL Connect with us Page contact: International Foundation Programme Team Last revised: Wed 9 Sept 2026 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information