Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search Warwick Search Warwick International Foundation Programme Why Warwick Our Courses Progression Support Student Experience Accommodation Dates and Fees Scholarships Student Voices Alumni How to apply English Language Requirements Personal Statement Requirements Visa Information Contact Us Webinars & Live Chats I Warwick IFP Sign-Up for Our Newsletters International Events How to apply English Language Requirements Personal Statement Requirements Visa Information How to apply | International Foundation Programme at University of Warwick How to Apply Applications for 2026 entry are now closed. If you are still interested in applying please contact us via ifp@warwick.ac.uk. Applications for the Warwick IFP are made directly via our website, using our online application form. The process is simple and straight-forward and our guide below provides a breakdown of your next steps. Applications Closed Step-by-step guide Step 1: Review the IFP Course Options and undergraduate courses at Warwick to decide which is best for you - consider the entry requirements for the route and our English Language Requirements Link opens in a new window . Step 2: Complete an online application form - select the Apply Now button above, and create a new user account on the course application form. On the Course Search, just select 'Foundation Program' as the course type and our three course options will appear. Step 3: Once you finish your application, you will need to pay £75 non-refundable assessment fee. Step 4: You should submit a recent school transcript and a personal statement that meets our requirements . Step 5: Our Admissions Team will begin their assessments - you should hear from them within 7-10 working days. Step 6: If you meet our requirements, and we think that you are right for the course, you will receive a conditional offer, via email. We might also request additional information, or suggest an alternative course option for you. Step 7: Your offer email will confirm the conditions of your offer and the deadlines to meet these terms. If you need further support before you submit your application, please contact the team and someone will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact us ifp@warwick.ac.uk Tel. +44(0)24 76523003 University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL Connect with us Page contact: International Foundation Programme Team Last revised: Mon 10 Aug 2026 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXVI Modern Slavery Statement Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information