Kazan Federal University Log in Email Log in About the University Alumni Visa information Library Museums Apply About KFU General information News Mission & Strategy History & Honors Facts, Figures, Rankings Prizes & Awards Alumni Governance Leadership Supervisory Board Accreditation & documents Contact us Contact Us Campus Directory City of Kazan Partnerships Longtime partnerships International memberships International reports Academics Academic units Institutes & Faculties Preparatory School During your studies How to pay? Transfer to KFU Academic leave For dismissed students For graduates Admission General information Tuition fees and Refund procedure Scholarships Academic recognition Recruiting companies Frequently asked questions about admission Contact information Degree programs Bachellor/Specialist Master PhD English-taught programs Non-degree programs Preparatory course Exchange programs Short programs Research training Summer University Olympiads Research Priority 2030 Center for Liquid Hydrocarbons Scientific journals Research training Services Migration procedures Migration support for foreign citizens Invitation of foreign citizens coming from visa-required countries Migration registration - visa entry Migration registration - visa-free entry Renewal of Russian visa Fingerprint registration and medical checkup Accommodation Accommodation: general information Information for Preparatory School students Information for the first-year students Information for the 2nd-5th year students Information for postgraduate students and medical residents Student residence Hostels Dining Health care Covid-19 Health care system Medical Insurance Safety & Security CULTURE Museums Library Planetarium Student life ARTS Student Club Projects and events Dance Music Other collectives ATHLETICS Student Sports Club Kazan Yulbars Sports facilities Outdoor camps SOCIAL ACTIVISM Coordinating Council of Student Organizations and Unions Student organizations Home \ Bachelor/Specialist \ Guidelines on Admission for Bachellor'/Specialist's degree programs Submenu Guidelines on Admission for Bachellor'/Specialist's degree programs Admission rules Entrance Examinations Tuition fees and Refund procedure Starting your Studies Guidelines on Admission for Bachellor'/Specialist's degree programs Dear applicants! This year, the application process for the main educational programmes (bachelor's/specialist's degrees, master's degrees) at Kazan Federal University has been updated . 1. If you have SNILS (Social Insurance Number) You can register and submit your application via the Gosuslugi ( Russian Federation Government Services ) portal - it's quick, reliable and convenient. You can complete all stages online, without leaving your home. Application link: https://www.gosuslugi.ru/ How to do it: Guideline Gosuslugi_ENG . Application instructions 2. If you don't have SNILS Use the RUID system to register and submit your application. We have prepared a detailed instruction to help you easily complete all the steps. This system will provide you with the opportunity to submit documents through the Russian Federation Government Services Portal . Please refer to point 1 for further instructions. Instruction link: Guideline Ru ID_ENG . *backup option for submitting documents: https://newlk.kpfu.ru/ Instruction link: Guideline on admission KFU_ENG For applicants applying under the quota of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation Application link: https://newlk.kpfu.ru/ Instruction link: Guideline on admission KFU_ENG If you have any questions about admission under the quota of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation, please contact: scholarship@kpfu.ru Please find the Instructions for requesting a contract in the Public Services application - Instruction . A Bachelor Degree requires, at least, four years of full-time university-level study. The scope of these programs is 240 credits. The programs follow a specific curriculum with an academic load of about 26-30 hours per week. The course content is fixed in accordance with the State Educational Standard. Foreign applicants and stateless persons have several way to get the right to receive higher education: - at the expense of budgetary allocations in accordance with: 1) international treaties of the Russian Federation, 2) federal laws, 3) the quota for education of foreign citizens and stateless persons established by the Government of the Russian Federation. Budget-funded education on a general basis Budget-funded education according to the quota of Ministry of Education Budget-funded education in the framework of the Olympiads Budget-fundeteducation according to the status of Compatriot - at the expense of individuals and legal entities: in accordance with contracts for paid educational services. ADMISSION'S PLAN for 2026/2027 academic year (contract) 2026_Приложение 4_бак_ENG Download Step 1. Prepare the scanned copy of necessary documents in advance 1. International passport (must have at least 18 months before the expiration date from the date of intended entry into the Russian Federation) 2. Notarized Russian translation of international passport 3. Document of education (diploma) 4. Document of education (transcript of records) 5. Notarized Russian translation of all documents of education with transcript of records 6. Certificate of recognition of educational documents (optional) (what is that who must go through the procedure of academic recognition) 7. Photo (proportions 3×4 cm) 8. Documents confirming the status of a compatriot (optional, from June 20) The electronic image of documents should ensure visual identity of its paper original at a scale of 1:1. The quality of submitted electronic images of documents in pdf-format should allow to read the text of the document in full and recognize its details. If a paper document consists of two or more sheets, the electronic image of such paper document shall be formed as a single file. The file size limit is 10 Mb. The resolution of the document must be at least 300 dpi. Step 2. Registration Admission process is carried through the website KFU https://newlk.kpfu.ru/ . Guideline on admission KFU_ENG Download Admission dates in 2026/2027 academic year: Bachelor and Specialist Program Budget-funded studies Contract Notes Registration and Electronic Documents Admission June 20 - July 25 (Internal entrance examinations) June 20 - July 25 (Results of Unified State Exam) June 20 - August 20 (Date of the first enrollment order) Signed consent to Enrollment June 20 - August 3 12:00 (Internal entrance examinations) - The original documents on education must be submitted within 1 year of study. Step 3. Entrance examinations Dear applicants! If you have fallen victim to fraud during the admission process, you can report it to anticorruption@kpfu.ru. The time and date of the exam are published on the KFU website, as well as links to an online consultation before the exam will appear in personal account of applicants. SCHEDULE of entrance examinations for admission to Bachelor and Specialist program SCHEDULE of entrance examinations for admission to Master program GUIDELINE on distance examinations in ENG PROGRAM of entrance examinations for admission to Bachelor and Specialist program PROGRAM of entrance examinations for admission to Master program Exam results are published in personal account within 3 business days after passing the exam. If the applicant does not agree with the results of the entrance exams, applicant can make an appeal within 1 day after the results are announced. Step 4. Admission on contract and budget-funded form Admission on contract form: The contract will be available in your personal account on the website of state and municipal services of the Russian Federation within 14 days. Do not forget to attach a scanned copy of the payment receipt! If you need to an invoice, write an email to admission@kpfu.ru or call +7 (843) 206-50-90 , Admission office. The tuition fee for foreign countries depends on the need for visa support : 1. Applicants from the «visa-free» CIS countries are admitted to the KFU on special financial terms. tuition fee for them is the same as for citizens of the Russian Federation. 2. Applicants from «visa» countries are admitted on general financial terms for foreign citizens. Admission on budget funded form: The applicant must provide the original educational documents within the time limits specified in the Admission Rules: Bachelor and Specialist Program Budget-funded studies Notes Electronic Documents Admission June 20 - July 25 (Internal entrance examinations) June 20 - July 25 (Results of Unified State Exam) Signed consent to Enrollment June 20 - August 3 12:00 (Internal entrance examinations) The original documents on education must be submitted within 1 year of study. Step 5. Enrollment The enrollment requirements: 1. Successfully passed entrance exams 2. Completely filled application 3. Upload all required documents Budget-funded form Contract form - provide original educational documents in required dates - signed KFU agreement for paid educational services - fully paid tuition fee (100%) If all conditions are met, status of the application will change to " enrolled ", and the applicant can search the name in enrollment order , that will be published on the KFU web site. Step 6. Invitation for visa issuing 1. If the applicant are a citizen of a visa country, applicant will receive an invitation to obtain a visa to enter the Russian Federation on the date of the start of your studies. The issuing of the invitation takes 40-45 days from the date of enrollment order implementation. Do not buy tickets in advance! A ready-made invitation will be sent to the email address. 2. If you have any questions about the invitation or visa, please contact the Visa and Invitation Department: - contacts - information Step 7. Start of the education process If you are a citizen of a visa country, on the first day of your stay in the Russian Federation you have to contact the Adaptation Department for foreign citizens: - contacts - information With the best wishes, your KFU! About the University Alumni Visa information Library Museums Apply Contacts Kazan Federal University 420008 Kazan, 18 Kremlyovskaya street Phone: 78432065289 Email: inter@kpfu.ru Cairo Branch of Kazan Federal University The university building is inside the Nile Valley Medical Complex, behind the al-Qubba Republican Palace Phones: +201007770823 +201007770813 +201007770801 Email: admission.cairo@kpfu.ru © 2026 Kazan Federal University. Login to your personal account your login your password Forgot your password?