Students Prospective Students Current Students Staff Alumni Visitors Partners Join Us Donation En 中文 Study@SJTU Study@SJTU Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Apply now Prospective International Students News Notices Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Virtual Opportunities Scholarships Application Current International Students News Notices Administration Directory University Policies Campus Events Services Job Information Downloads Useful Links FAQ Research Research Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Overview Academic Strengths Research Facilities & Platforms Institutes & Centers Think Tank Institutions Journals Contact US Work@SJTU Work@SJTU Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Overview Faculty & Staff Gather@SJTU International Faculty Club Events Join Us Employment Opportunities Explore Careers Discover SJTU About Shanghai Services Visa & Work Permit Overseas Expert Invitation Campus Life Your Child's Education Entry Services Travel and Accommodations Global SJTU Global SJTU Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Global Network Global Cooperation Seed Funds Contact Us News & Events News & Events Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more SJTU in the News Noticeboard Upcoming Events Meet SJTU Research Faculty & Staff Students & Campus Alumni Global Cooperation Newsletters SJTU in the media About Us About Us Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more SJTU in 2030 Donation Our Story Our History Schools & Colleges Institutes & Centers SJTU Museums Highlights Discover SJTU Leadership & Governance University Leadership University Administration Download Study@SJTU Back Study@SJTU Prospective International Students Back Prospective International Students News Notices Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Virtual Opportunities Scholarships Application Current International Students Back Current International Students News Notices Administration Directory University Policies Campus Events Services Job Information Downloads Useful Links FAQ Research Back Research Overview Back Overview Academic Strengths Back Academic Strengths Research Back Research Facilities & Platforms Back Facilities & Platforms Institutes & Centers Think Tank Institutions Journals Contact US Back Contact US Work@SJTU Back Work@SJTU Overview Back Overview Faculty & Staff Back Faculty & Staff Gather@SJTU Back Gather@SJTU International Faculty Club Events Join Us Back Join Us Employment Opportunities Explore Careers Discover SJTU About Shanghai Services Back Services Visa & Work Permit Overseas Expert Invitation Campus Life Your Child's Education Entry Services Travel and Accommodations Global SJTU Back Global SJTU Global Network Back Global Network Global Cooperation Back Global Cooperation Seed Funds Back Seed Funds Contact Us Back Contact Us News & Events Back News & Events SJTU in the News Back SJTU in the News Noticeboard Back Noticeboard Upcoming Events Back Upcoming Events Meet SJTU Back Meet SJTU Research Faculty & Staff Students & Campus Alumni Global Cooperation Newsletters Back Newsletters SJTU in the media Back SJTU in the media About Us Back About Us SJTU in 2030 Back SJTU in 2030 Donation Our Story Back Our Story Our History Schools & Colleges Institutes & Centers SJTU Museums Highlights Discover SJTU Leadership & Governance Back Leadership & Governance University Leadership University Administration Download Back Download Home Study@SJTU Prospective International Students Degree Programs Degree Programs Prospective International Students News Notices Degree Programs Undergraduate Programs School of Medicine Chinese-Taught English-Taught (Engineering Cluster) English-Taught (Civil Engineering) English-Taught (Sustainable Energy, Health Science and Technology) French-Taught (Engineering Cluster) Graduate Programs Master's Degree Ph.D Non-Degree Programs Semester Programs Semester Exchange Program Visiting Student Program Short Term Programs SJTU Global Summer School, Winter School SJTU Summer Research Internship Program Chinese Language Programs Pre-University Programs Virtual Opportunities Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Shanghai Government Scholarship SJTU Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Outreach Scholarship Application 202 7 SJTU Undergraduate Engineering Cluster Program in English for International Students Founded in 1896, Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SJTU) is one of the internationally recognized, top-tier research universities in China, with strong commitment to nurturing future leaders with innovative drives and global visions. The Engineering Cluster Program in English is an undergraduate international program designed to combine the strengths of engineering-related fields at SJTU. Offering all major courses in English, the Program welcomes prospective students with an interest in engineering studies from all over the world. The SJTU Undergraduate Engineering Cluster program in English includes: Global College (Former name: The University of Michigan-Shanghai Jiao Tong University Joint Institute) - Mechanical Engineering (ME) - Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) - Data Science and Big Data Technology (DS) - Computer Science and Technology(CS) - Robotics (Planned) School of Materials Science and Engineering - Materials Science and Engineering School of Automation and Intelligent Sensing - Automation School of Computer Science - Computer Science and Technology School of Mechanical Engineering - Mechanical Engineering - Power and Energy Engineering Additional majors may be offered; the list is subject to change depending on the schools/programs open to Cluster students after the first 1.5 years. Cluster students will take introductory engineering courses in the first 1.5 years at the Global College. After completing these introductory courses, Cluster students may choose to continue at the Global College or transfer to another engineering school (where courses are taught in English or Chinese) to complete their bachelor's degree. Note: Although all Cluster courses are taught in English, Cluster students are required to take Chinese culture and language courses while enrolling in their respective degree programs. All Cluster students are expected to meet HSK Level 4 (Chinese Language Test) as the minimum Chinese language requirement for graduation. Exceptions include students enrolled in the Global College Dual Degree Program or other international programs. Online Application 1. Applicants must complete the Common Application first: https://apply.commonapp.org/Login?ma=699 2. After passing the preliminary review on the Common App, applicants will receive messages from the SJTU Portal ( https://apply.sjtu.edu.cn ). Upon receiving the messages, students must complete the relevant procedure on the SJTU Portal. Application Prerequisites 1. Graduation from high school or equivalent educational background. Prospective graduates must provide a pre-graduation certificate issued by their school and obtain their high school diploma before enrollment. 2. Non-Chinese citizens holding a valid foreign passport, in compliance with the relevant regulations of the Chinese Ministry of Education, including the " Document No. 12 (2020) of the Ministry of Education of the PRC " etc. 3. If you graduate high school in December or anytime other than May-June, please provide a detailed explanation as to what you will be doing until the time you would begin study at SJTU. Please also indicate if you enroll at another university in the interim and provide a list of courses. A detailed explanation of any gaps in enrollment is required. 4 . Good physical and mental health, with no criminal record. Application Deadlines for 2027 Admission Early Action: November 1 , 2026 (Beijing Time, GMT+8) Regular Application: March 31, 202 7 (Beijing Time, GMT+8) Application Materials *All materials should be in English. Documents in other languages must be accompanied by certified English translations. 1. Test Scores 1.1 China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) , Score with Mathematics is required. Applicants who have not yet taken the CSCA may submit other Test score materials initially (such as SAT /ACT /A-Level/IB (code: N010601)/UEC/UNT/others) for review. Those who pass the university's selection process will receive a pre-admission notice and must submit their CSCA scores by June 30, 2027 . Upon passing the final selection, a formal admission notice will be issued. 1.2 SAT (code: 6563) or ACT (code: 6983) test scores. Scores with writing test scores are preferred. 2026 First-year admitted class test scores of Middle 50th percentile ranges: SAT total score: 1390-1500 SAT Math: 750-790 ACT total score: 30-34 ACT Math: 33-35 1.3 A-level or IB. If you apply with A-Level scores, you must have Mathematics A or above. If you apply with International Baccalaureate (IB), you must have Mathematics HL 5 or above, or Mathematics SL 7 or above. Predicted A-level or IB scores are accepted. Applicants are required to provide final scores for review. 1.4 Students with valid college entrance exam scores, please contact the International Undergraduate Recruitment Office at gc-admissions@sjtu.edu.cn (e.g., Malaysia UEC exam scores, Kazakhstan UNT scores, France National Exam scores, etc.) Note: SAT/ACT /A-Level/IB (code: N010601)/UEC/UNT/others cannot replace the CSCA requirement. 2. English language requirements For non-native speakers of English, either TOEFL (iBT, code: 6210), IELTS, or Duolingo score is required. 2.1 TOEFL iBT - exams taken before January 21, 2026: minimum 90 (0 - 120 scale); exams taken on or after January 21, 2026: minimum 4.5 (1 - 6 scale). Request scores using GC's institution code 6210 via ETS. 2.2 IELTS: 6 or above 2.3 Duolingo English Test : 120 or above Exceptions: You may be exempted from providing any of these exams if your SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing score is 650 or above, if both your ACT Reading and English scores are 27 or above, or if you have recently completed at least 4 years of rigorous academic study in any of the following countries: Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Botswana, British Virgin Islands, Canada (except Quebec), Cayman Islands, Dominica, Eswatini, Fiji, The Gambia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Grenada, Guyana, Ireland, Jamaica, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Malawi, Malta, Mauritius, Namibia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Tanzania, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, Uganda, United Kingdom, United States (except Puerto Rico), United States Virgin Islands, Zambia, Zimbabwe. (Those in American Schools and British Schools abroad may also be exempted if at least 4 years of rigorous academic study have recently been completed and if test scores meet the above standards.) 3. Recommendation Letters Two recommendation letters are required: one from your high school counselor and one from a core academic teacher. 4. High School Transcripts We pay special attention to mathematics, physics, chemistry and other related subjects. Please arrange to have official copies of your transcripts in English sent to us by all high schools you attended. 5. Other documents 5.1 Passport information page valid for more than 12 months. Once admitted, passport information cannot be changed until enrollment registration is completed. 5. 2 Proof of financial guarantee with a deposit of no less than RMB 100,000 (or equivalent in foreign currency). 5. 3 The proof of nationality of both the applicant's parents, such as passport or ID card. 5. 4 Applicants with one or both parents who are Chinese citizens must provide: 5. 4 .1 Certificate of the applicant's foreign nationality obtained at birth or afterward. 5. 4 .2 For applicants who acquired foreign nationality at birth: a. If one or both parents were Chinese citizens and had permanent residence abroad at the time of the applicant's birth, provide the corresponding permanent residence proof of the parent(s). b. If one or both parents were Chinese citizens and did not have permanent residence abroad at the time of the applicant's birth, provide a certificate of the applicant's renunciation of Chinese nationality for at least four years by April 30 of the enrollment year. 5. 4 .3 For applicants who are originally Chinese citizens and later acquired foreign nationality, provide proof of cancellation of their Chinese residence registration and renunciation of Chinese nationality for at least four years by April 30 of the enrollment year. 5. 4 .4 All visas, residence permits, and entry/exit records for China, starting from the applicant's first passport. Note: Applicants who previously held a "People's Republic of China Travel Document" or "People's Republic of China Exit and Entry Permit" must provide the relevant documentation as in section 5. 4 .3. 5. 5 Applicants under the age of 18 by September 1 of the enrollment year shall provide a guardian's letter of guarantee in China. Scholarships Excellent applicants will have the opportunity to be awarded different kinds of scholarships, such as the Chinese Government Scholarship, Shanghai Government Scholarship, SJTU Scholarship, and others. 1. Students applying for CSC Scholarship (Chinese Government Scholarship) should directly contact the local Chinese Embassy or Consulate. For specific application times and requirements, please refer to the information published by the local Chinese embassy or consulate. When completing the scholarship application form, the applicant should select Shanghai Jiao Tong University as your first choice. Scholarship coverage is subject to the regulations published by the China Scholarship Council (CSC). As for accommodation, SJTU does not provide free on-campus accommodation, but provides accommodation subsidy (1,100 RMB/Month). 2. Students applying for Shanghai Government Scholarship and SJTU Scholarship can click the option "Apply for scholarship" when completing SJTU's online application form. The contents of the scholarship are as follows: Types Scholarship Coverage Note First-Class Scholarship Period: 4 years Tuition waiver, provides living allowance, accommodation subsidy and insurance Insurance: 800 RMB/Academic Year Accommodation subsidy: 1,100 RMB/ Month; Living allowance: 2,500 RMB/Month Applicants should not be awardees of other scholarships at the same time; Scholarship results will be announced together with the admission results; SJTU reserves the right of final interpretation. Second-Class Scholarship Period: 4 years 50% tuition waiver, provides accommodation subsidy and insurance Third-Class Scholarship Period:4 years 25% tuition waiver, provides insurance Fees Application Fee: USD 75 (non-refundable) Tuition: RMB 150,000/Year (Tuition rates are subject to the record-filing with the governing authorities) Insurance: RMB 800/ Academic Year (The relevant regulations by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China and the Management Regulations for International Students of SJTU require all international students with study duration over 6 months to purchase the Group Comprehensive Insurance in the Chinese mainland .) Note: The fees above are estimates and are subject to change. Admission 1. The admission decision will be based on a comprehensive evaluation. Applicants can check their admission results in the application system ( https://apply.sjtu.edu.cn ). 2. Applicants need to pre-pay the tuition fees in the application system ( https://apply.sjtu.edu.cn ) to confirm the enrollment within two weeks after admission results are released. 3. The "Admission Notice" will be issued on a rolling basis during July 202 7 . 4. All application materials and information provided by applicants must be authentic, accurate and fully complete. Otherwise, the applicant will be disqualified for application, enrollment or study. Term begins In early September 202 7 (specific time will be informed on the admission letter) Contact Information Admission Office of International Student Center, SJTU Address: Room 210, Donghui Building 3, 800 Dongchuan Road, Minhang District, Shanghai, China Postal code: 200240 Tel: +86-21-5474-3244 Email: isc.d@sjtu.edu.cn Website: https://en.sjtu.edu.cn Global College Address: Global College, 800 Dongchuan Road, Minhang District, Shanghai, China Postal code: 200240 Tel: +86-21-3420-6045 ext. 4492 Email: gc-admissions@sjtu.edu.cn Website: https://gc.sjtu.edu.cn/ CONTACT US 800 Dongchuan RD. Minhang District, Shanghai, China Telephone:+86 21 54740000 Post Code: 200240 QUICK LINKS Shanghai Jiao Tong University Graduate School International Chinese Education Center, School of Humanities China Scholarship Council Shanghai Exit-Entry Administration Foreign Affairs Office of Shanghai Municipality Chinese International Education Foundation What's happening on socials Copyright © Shanghai Jiao Tong University. All rights reserved. 备案号：沪ICP备05052060, Support: ALA