Students Prospective Students Current Students Staff Alumni Visitors Partners Join Us Donation En 中文 Study@SJTU Study@SJTU Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Apply now Prospective International Students News Notices Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Virtual Opportunities Scholarships Application Current International Students News Notices Administration Directory University Policies Campus Events Services Job Information Downloads Useful Links FAQ Research Research Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Overview Academic Strengths Research Facilities & Platforms Institutes & Centers Think Tank Institutions Journals Contact US Work@SJTU Work@SJTU Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Overview Faculty & Staff Gather@SJTU International Faculty Club Events Join Us Employment Opportunities Explore Careers Discover SJTU About Shanghai Services Visa & Work Permit Overseas Expert Invitation Campus Life Your Child's Education Entry Services Travel and Accommodations Global SJTU Global SJTU Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more Global Network Global Cooperation Seed Funds Contact Us News & Events News & Events Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more SJTU in the News Noticeboard Upcoming Events Meet SJTU Research Faculty & Staff Students & Campus Alumni Global Cooperation Newsletters SJTU in the media About Us About Us Connecting and Nurturing Global Minds Learn more SJTU in 2030 Donation Our Story Our History Schools & Colleges Institutes & Centers SJTU Museums Highlights Discover SJTU Leadership & Governance University Leadership University Administration Download Study@SJTU Back Study@SJTU Prospective International Students Back Prospective International Students News Notices Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Virtual Opportunities Scholarships Application Current International Students Back Current International Students News Notices Administration Directory University Policies Campus Events Services Job Information Downloads Useful Links FAQ Research Back Research Overview Back Overview Academic Strengths Back Academic Strengths Research Back Research Facilities & Platforms Back Facilities & Platforms Institutes & Centers Think Tank Institutions Journals Contact US Back Contact US Work@SJTU Back Work@SJTU Overview Back Overview Faculty & Staff Back Faculty & Staff Gather@SJTU Back Gather@SJTU International Faculty Club Events Join Us Back Join Us Employment Opportunities Explore Careers Discover SJTU About Shanghai Services Back Services Visa & Work Permit Overseas Expert Invitation Campus Life Your Child's Education Entry Services Travel and Accommodations Global SJTU Back Global SJTU Global Network Back Global Network Global Cooperation Back Global Cooperation Seed Funds Back Seed Funds Contact Us Back Contact Us News & Events Back News & Events SJTU in the News Back SJTU in the News Noticeboard Back Noticeboard Upcoming Events Back Upcoming Events Meet SJTU Back Meet SJTU Research Faculty & Staff Students & Campus Alumni Global Cooperation Newsletters Back Newsletters SJTU in the media Back SJTU in the media About Us Back About Us SJTU in 2030 Back SJTU in 2030 Donation Our Story Back Our Story Our History Schools & Colleges Institutes & Centers SJTU Museums Highlights Discover SJTU Leadership & Governance Back Leadership & Governance University Leadership University Administration Download Back Download Home Study@SJTU Prospective International Students Degree Programs Degree Programs Prospective International Students News Notices Degree Programs Undergraduate Programs School of Medicine Chinese-Taught English-Taught (Engineering Cluster) English-Taught (Civil Engineering) English-Taught (Sustainable Energy, Health Science and Technology) French-Taught (Engineering Cluster) Graduate Programs Master's Degree Ph.D Non-Degree Programs Semester Programs Semester Exchange Program Visiting Student Program Short Term Programs SJTU Global Summer School, Winter School SJTU Summer Research Internship Program Chinese Language Programs Pre-University Programs Virtual Opportunities Scholarships Chinese Government Scholarship Shanghai Government Scholarship SJTU Scholarship International Chinese Language Teachers Scholarship Outreach Scholarship Application 2026 SJTU Undergraduate Programs in Global Institute of Future Technology for International Students Programs Introduction Two interdisciplinary undergraduate programs are provided by The Global Institute of Future Technology (GIFT) at Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SJTU): Sustainable Energy and Health Science and Technology. These two programs seek to address the critical demands of revolutionary advancements in future energy and future health by transcending traditional disciplinary boundaries. Students are empowered to pursue independent research, develop cross-cultural communication skills, and gain strategic and global perspectives, preparing them to lead in their chosen fields. The standard duration of study is four years. Upon completion of the degree requirements, students are granted a bachelor's degree in engineering. Sustainable Energy (SE) With the core feature of "Artificial Intelligence + Sustainable Energy", the program is geared towards the needs of developing new productivity in sustainable energy to meet the expectations of improving life quality. By integrating the knowledge of information technology, sustainable energy engineering, mechanical engineering, computer science, electrical & electronic engineering, materials engineering and other disciplines, the program prepares students to become leaders in energy science research, policy making, system planning, digital energy design and other emerging energy industries. Health Science and Technology (HST) With "Artificial Intelligence + Active Health" as its central focus, the program aims to develop innovative solutions for future health, enhancing life quality. Through the cross-integration of information technology, mechanical engineering, material engineering with biology, psychology, genetics, medicine, the program prepares students to become leaders in emerging future health industries including heart and brain health, sports health, nutritional health, and environmental health. Reminder: Although both programs are taught in English, students are required to take Chinese culture and language courses while enrolling in their respective degree programs. All students are expected to meet HSK 4 (Chinese Language Test) as the minimal Chinese language requirement for graduation. Faculty GIFT has 70 distinguished educators committed to academic excellence and mentorship. 100% of faculty members have extensive overseas experience from world-class prestigious universities such as MIT, Stanford University, University of Oxford, UCL, California Institute of Technology, The University of Hong Kong, Nanyang Technological University, Yale University, UC Berkeley, Johns Hopkins University etc. The blend of globally-minded, accomplished, and youthful faculty creates an ideal environment for innovation, preparing students to become future leaders in an interconnected world. International Opportunities GIFT is dedicated to cultivating technology leaders with cross-cultural communication skills, offering all undergraduates a 100% opportunity for overseas exchange studies. Degree programs as well as non-degree programs are all available for undergraduate students. Degree Programs 1. SJTU - Waterloo University (Canada) During the final year of the undergraduate studies, students will have the opportunity to study at Faculty of Engineering, the University of Waterloo. Upon obtaining a bachelor's degree from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, they can proceed directly to a master's degree at the University of Waterloo with a chance to complete a one-semester internship at a leading Canadian technology company. Program Mode: 3+1+1 Integrated Bachelor's-Master's Pathway Application Period: Second Semester of the Third Year 2. SJTU - The University of Hong Kong After completing their undergraduate studies, students have the opportunity to directly enter the Faculty of Engineering at The University of Hong Kong to pursue a doctoral degree. Students enrolled in this program will receive full scholarship support provided by the University of Hong Kong, in accordance with relevant regulations. Program Mode: Direct-Entry PhD, Undergraduate to Doctoral Pathway Application Period: Second Semester of the Third Year Non-Degree Programs 1. United Kingdom - King's College London Students will have the opportunity to travel to London and undertake a bespoke curriculum at King's College London, engaging extensively with both British and international students. Program Duration: Two Weeks in Winter Program Curriculum: Foundations of Artificial Intelligence 2. South Korea - Seoul National University, Pohang University of Science and Technology, and Pohang Iron and Steel Company Students will embark on a week-long immersive study tour to Seoul and Pohang, South Korea, engaging in coursework at the two universities and visiting a world-leading technology enterprise POSCO to experience firsthand the innovative ecosystem of industry-academia-research integration. Program Duration: One week in Winter Program Curriculum: Future Energy and Future Health Industrial Experience At the joint talent training base, students are granted invaluable opportunities to immerse themselves in leading industry enterprises for both study and practice. This unique exposure allows them to bridge the gap between theoretical knowledge and real-world application. By working alongside seasoned professionals and tackling authentic industry challenges, they acquire cutting-edge skills and insights. This hands-on experience not only sharpens their technical abilities but also builds a robust professional foundation, significantly enhancing their employability. 1.SJTU-Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Ltd. Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (CATL) is a global leader in renewable energy innovative technologies, committed to providing premier solutions and services for renewable energy applications worldwide. It has established six major R&D centers in key global locations including Ningde, Shanghai, Hong Kong, and Munich, Germany etc, as well as operates manufacturing bases in Germany and Hungary, demonstrating its strong international presence. These facilities offer students hands-on internships, allowing them to work on cutting-edge projects and develop skills in sustainable energy. 2.SJTU-Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd. ("UIH") is a member of the United Imaging Healthcare Technology Group Co., Ltd., which is dedicated to providing, developing and producing high-performance advanced medical imaging, radiotherapy equipment, life science instruments and offering intelligent digital solutions to customers worldwide. UIH was founded in 2011 and headquartered in Shanghai, and has subsidiaries and R&D centers across China, the United States, Malaysia, United Arab Emirates, Poland and other parts of the world. Online Application https://apply.sjtu.edu.cn/ Admission Prerequisites 1. Graduation from high school or equivalent educational background. Prospective graduates must provide a pre-graduation certificate issued by their school and obtain their high school diploma before enrollment. 2. Non-Chinese citizens holding a valid foreign passport, in compliance with the relevant regulations of the Chinese Ministry of Education, including the "Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC" ( http://www.moe.gov.cn/srcsite/A20/moe_850/202006/t20200609_464159.html ) etc. 3. Good physical and mental health, with no criminal record. Application Materials *All materials will NOT be returned and should be in English. 1. High school transcript (covering all courses completed during high school). Prospective graduates must submit a transcript of all high school courses completed up to the point of application. We pay special attention to math, physics, chemistry and other related subjects. Please arrange to have official copies of your transcripts in English sent to us by all high schools you attended. 2. China Scholastic Competency Assessment (CSCA) , Score with Mathematics is required. Applicants who have not yet taken the CSCA may submit other materials initially. Those who pass the university's selection process will receive a pre-admission notice and must supplement their CSCA scores by June 30, 2026. Upon passing the final selection, a formal admission notice will be issued. 3. English language certificate For non-native speakers of English, either TOEFL (iBT, code: 6210) or IELTS score is required. 3.1 TOEFL (iBT, including the Home Edition and Paper Edition): 90 or above; TOEFL Essentials: 10 or above. 3.2 IELTS: 6 or above Exceptions: You may be exempted from providing any of these exams if your SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing score is 650 or above, if both your ACT Reading and English scores are 27 or above, or if you have recently completed at least 4 years of rigorous academic study in any of the following countries: Anguilla, Antigua, Barbuda, Australia, Bahamas, Barbados, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Canada (except Quebec), Cayman Islands, Dominica, England, Federated, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Seychelles, Shetland Islands, St. Kitts-Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, United States (other than Puerto Rico), US Virgin Islands, Wales, and Singapore. (Those in American Schools and British Schools abroad may also be exempted if at least 4 years of rigorous academic study have recently been completed and if test scores meet the above standards.) 4. Curriculum Vitae and Personal Statement 5. Recommendation Letters 6. Passport copy 7. Financial guarantee proven deposit of no less than RMB 100,000 (or equivalent in foreign currency) 8. Other documents 8.1 The nationality or household registration of both the applicant's parents, such as passport or ID card. 8.2 Applicants with one or both parents who are Chinese citizens must provide: 8.2.1 Certificate of the applicant's foreign nationality obtained at birth or afterward. 8.2.2 For applicants who acquired foreign nationality at birth: a. If one or both parents were Chinese citizens and had permanent residence abroad at the time of the applicant's birth, provide the corresponding permanent residence proof of the parent(s). b. If one or both parents were Chinese citizens and did not have permanent residence abroad at the time of the applicant's birth, provide a certificate of the applicant's renunciation of Chinese nationality for at least four years by April 30 of the application year. 8.2.3 For applicants who are originally Chinese citizens and later acquired foreign nationality, provide proof of cancellation of their Chinese residence registration and renunciation of Chinese nationality for at least four years by April 30 of the application year. 8.2.4 All visas, residence permits, and entry/exit records for China, starting from the applicant's first passport. Note: Applicants who previously held a "People's Republic of China Travel Document" or "People's Republic of China Exit and Entry Permit" must provide the relevant documentation as in section 8.2.3 8.3 Applicants under 18 years old by September 1 of the application year must provide a guardian's letter of guarantee in China. 9．(Optional) Other supporting documents are highly recommended to submit for reference, such as standardized international test scores or national/regional unified high school graduation or university entrance examination results, such as SAT (code: 9184), AP, ACT (code: 3038), A-Level, IB (code: N010601) etc. Interview Applicants who pass the initial document review will be invited to participate in an online interview. Interviews will be organized in multiple rounds on a rolling basis, according to the time when a complete set of application materials is submitted. Early submission is therefore strongly encouraged. The interview results will serve as an important reference for subsequent admission and scholarship consideration. Application Deadlines 1. Main Application Round: March 31, 2026 (Beijing Time, GMT+8). 2. Supplementary Admission Round: May 31, 2026 (Beijing Time, GMT+8). 3. Final Supplementary Round: June 30, 2026 (Beijing Time, GMT+8). Scholarships Excellent applicants will have the opportunity to be awarded different kinds of scholarships, such as the Chinese Government Scholarship, Shanghai Government Scholarship, SJTU Scholarship, and others. 1. Students applying for CSC Scholarship（Chinese Government Scholarship） should directly contact the local Chinese Embassy or Consulate. For specific application times and requirements, please refer to the information published by the local Chinese embassy or consulate. When completing the scholarship application form, the applicant should select "Shanghai Jiao Tong University" as the priority. The scholarship content is subject to the website of China Scholarship Council. 2. Students applying for Shanghai Government Scholarship and SJTU Scholarship can click the option "Apply for scholarship" when completing SJTU's online application form. The contents of the scholarship are as follows: Types Scholarship Note First-Class Scholarship Period: 4 years Tuition waiver, provides living allowance, accommodation subsidy and insurance Insurance: 800 RMB/ Academic Year Accommodation subsidy: 1,100 RMB/ Month; Living allowance: 2,500 RMB/Month •Applicants have been officially admitted by SJTU without being awardees of other scholarships at the same time; •Scholarship is awarded based on the comprehensive ranking of applicant's academic and interview performance; •Scholarship results will be announced together with the admission results； •SJTU reserves the right of final explanation. Second-Class Scholarship Period: 4 years 50% tuition waiver, provides accommodation subsidy and insurance Third-Class Scholarship Period:4 years 25% tuition waiver, provides insurance Fees Application Fee: RMB 800 (non-refundable) Tuition: RMB 120,000 /Academic year Health Insurance: RMB 800/year (According to the regulations set forth by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China and the Management Regulations for International Students of SJTU, international students studying for more than 6 months are obligated to acquire the Group Comprehensive Insurance in the Chinese Mainland.) Admission and Enrollment 1. The admission decision will be based on a comprehensive evaluation. Applicants can check their admission results in the application system ( https://apply.sjtu.edu.cn ). 2. Applicants need to pre-pay the tuition fees in the application system ( https://apply.sjtu.edu.cn ) to confirm the enrollment within two weeks after admission results are released. 3. The "Admission Notice" will be issued gradually during July 2026. 4. All application materials and information provided by applicants must be authentic, accurate and fully complete. Otherwise, the applicant will be disqualified for application, enrollment or study. Term begins In early September 2026 (exact stated in the admission notice) Contact Information Admission Office of International Student Center, SJTU Address: Room 210, Donghui Building 3, 800 Dongchuan Road, Minhang District, Shanghai, China Post code: 200240 Tel: +86-21-54743244 Email: isc.d@sjtu.edu.cn Website: https://isc.sjtu.edu.cn Global Institute of Future Technology, SJTU Address: SJTU East Wing, Yue-Kong Pao Library, No. 800 Dongchuan Road, Minhang District, Shanghai, China Post code: 200240 Tel: +86-21-54741175 E-mail: Xinyi.Li@sjtu.edu.cn Website： https://gift.sjtu.edu.cn/en CONTACT US 800 Dongchuan RD. Minhang District, Shanghai, China Telephone:+86 21 54740000 Post Code: 200240 QUICK LINKS Shanghai Jiao Tong University Graduate School International Chinese Education Center, School of Humanities China Scholarship Council Shanghai Exit-Entry Administration Foreign Affairs Office of Shanghai Municipality Chinese International Education Foundation What's happening on socials Copyright © Shanghai Jiao Tong University. All rights reserved. 备案号：沪ICP备05052060, Support: ALA