Skip to main content University of Leeds homepage Current students Minerva Mobile app Website for current students Staff Staff intranet Services A-Z (staff login required) Jobs Faculties Faculties Faculty contacts Alumni Alumni website Search leeds.ac.uk Search all leeds.ac.uk Home Study Undergraduate Masters Research degrees International students Online courses Foundation courses Continuing professional development Mature students Search courses Open days and visits Research and innovation Business and partnerships Around campus Give to Leeds About In this section International students Overview Applying How to apply International foundation routes Entry requirements International fees and costs Overview Living costs and budgeting International scholarships and funding Student life City life Students' Union Wellbeing and support Sport and fitness Meet us Overview Representatives in your country or region Visits to your country or region International campus tours International preparation and arrival Contact us Study International students Applying International foundation routes If you're an international student and you don't currently meet the entry requirements for our undergraduate or postgraduate courses, you can take a foundation course before going on to study for a degree at the University of Leeds. If you are UK student, our types of course page includes information on Foundation year courses for you. Undergraduate international foundation routes University of Leeds International Foundation Year The Bachelor degree with integrated International Foundation Year begins with the International Foundation Year programme. It helps to prepare you for the first year of undergraduate study. Based on our campus, all your teaching will be delivered by University of Leeds academics and you'll be a full University student with access to all our facilities and accommodation. Once you have successfully completed the initial foundation year, you'll progress onto one of more than 150 undergraduate degrees. Study Group: Leeds International Study Centre The Leeds International Study Centre International Foundation Year delivered by Study Group allows you to progress to year one of a range of undergraduate degrees at the University of Leeds. It will help you to develop the skills and knowledge you need to succeed at university, providing flexible entry requirements and start dates in September or January. The Leeds International Study Centre also offers International Year One programmes in certain subjects, allowing progression to year two of some undergraduate degrees at the University of Leeds. For both of these programme options, you'll be taught by Study Group staff and will be based at the Centre's teaching facilities in Leeds. Northern Consortium UK (NCUK) The University of Leeds is an owner member of NCUK , which delivers undergraduate International Foundation Years and International Year One programmes at teaching centres worldwide. Successful completion of NCUK qualifications enables progression onto a range of undergraduate courses at the University of Leeds. Postgraduate international foundation routes Northern Consortium UK (NCUK) NCUK delivers Masters Preparation programmes at teaching centres worldwide. Successful completion of an NCUK Masters Preparation programme allows you to progress onto a range of postgraduate courses at the University of Leeds. Study Group: Leeds International Study Centre The Leeds International Study Centre Pre-Masters Programme , delivered by Study Group, allows you to progress to Postgraduate degrees in Business at the University of Leeds. It will help you to develop the skills and knowledge you need to succeed at university, providing flexible entry requirements, and start dates in September or January. For this Pre-Masters Programme, you'll be taught by Study Group staff and will be based at the Centre's teaching facilities in the city of Leeds. Related links Course Search Open days and visits Talk to a student Visas and immigration Related content Exchange and Study Abroad Find out more about studying abroad at Leeds. International Foundation Year This initial year prepares you for an undergraduate degree at Leeds. Leeds International Summer School Study at the University of Leeds as part of this exciting short-term programme. Footer navigation Study and courses Undergraduate Masters courses Research degrees International Course Search About Us Campus map Our history Faculties Governance Reports, accounts and policies Strategies and values Equality Executive team News Events Quicklinks and contacts Jobs Term dates Services A-Z (staff login required) Library Alumni Media relations VideoLeeds Staff A-Z Contacts Leeds University Union Contact information University of Leeds Woodhouse Lane Leeds West Yorkshire LS2 9JT United Kingdom Site information © 2026 University of Leeds Privacy Accessibility Terms & conditions Freedom of information Modern slavery statement