Skip to main content University of Leeds homepage Current students Minerva Mobile app Website for current students Staff Staff intranet Services A-Z (staff login required) Jobs Faculties Faculties Faculty contacts Alumni Alumni website Search leeds.ac.uk Search all leeds.ac.uk Home Study Undergraduate Masters Research degrees International students Online courses Foundation courses Continuing professional development Mature students Search courses Open days and visits Research and innovation Business and partnerships Around campus Give to Leeds About In this section International foundation year Overview About the International Foundation Year Degree courses with an integrated International Foundation Year Entry requirements Applying Fees and scholarships International Foundation Year contacts International foundation year Entry requirements Use this page to check the academic and English Language entry requirements for our undergraduate (Bachelor) degrees with an integrated International Foundation Year. You can email the International Foundation Year Admissions team at IFYAdmissions@leeds.ac.uk for more details about specific International Foundation Year entry requirements or if you have questions about a qualification from a country or region not listed on this page. Entry requirements by country or region Africa Algeria An average of 15 out of 20 in the Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement Secondaire with at least 15 out of 20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Angola An average of 15 out of 20 in the Ensino Geral Certificado de Habilitações/ Certificado de Habilitações (Secondary School Leaving Certificate) with at least 15 out of 20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Benin Achieve 14/20 overall and in relevant subjects of the Baccalauréat. Botswana We will consider students who have completed the Botswana General Certificate of Secondary Education examinations and have achieved a minimum of grade A in five subjects, including in subjects relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Burkina Faso Baccalauréat/Diplôme de Bachelier de l'Enseignement du Second Degré with minimum grade average of 14/20. Burundi Achieve 14/20 overall and in relevant subjects of the Diplôme des Humanités Complètes. Cape Verde An average of 15 out of 20 in the Certificado de Habiltações Literárias 3°Ciclo with at least 15 out of 20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Chad An average of 15 out of 20 in the Baccalauréat with at least 15 out of 20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Congo (Democratic Republic) An average of 80% out of 100% in the Diplôme d'État d'Études Secondaires du Cycle Long (academic streams) with at least 80% out of 100% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Djibouti An average of 15 out of 20 in the Baccalauréat Général with at least 15 out of 20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Egypt An average of 85% in the Certificate of General Secondary Education with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Eritrea An average of 70 out of 100 in the Eritrean Secondary Education Certificate Examination with at least 70 out of 100 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Ethiopia An average of 70 out of 100 in the Ethiopian Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination / The Ethiopian University with 70 two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Gabon An average of 15 out of 20 in the Baccalauréat with at least 15 out of 20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Gambia Grade B3 average in the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) with at least grade B3 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Ghana Grade B3 average in the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) with at least grade B3 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Guinea An average of 15 out of 20 in the Diplôme de Bachelier du Second Degre / Diplôme de Baccalauréat Unique with at least 15 out of 20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Ivory Coast An average of 14/20 in the Diplôme de Bachelier de l'Enseignement du Second Degré / Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement Secondaire with at least 14/20 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Kenya Grade B average in the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KCSE) with at least grade B in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Liberia An average of 2 out of 10 in the Liberia Senior High School Certificate with 2 out of 10 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Libya An average of 80% in the Secondary Education Certificate with at least 80% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Madagascar An average of 15 out of 20 in the Diplôme de Bachelier de l'Enseignement Secondaire with 15 out of 20 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Malawi An average of 2 in the Malawi School Certificate of Education with 2 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Mali An average of 14 in the Baccalauréat with 14 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Mauritania An average of 14 in the Baccalauréat with 14 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Morocco At least 14 out of 20 overall (with 14 out of 20 in two relevant subjects) in the Attestation du Baccalauréat. Namibia Achieve an overall score in Ordinary Level Namibia Senior Secondary Certificate (NSSC) of a minimum of five O- Levels at grade A. Or, if Higher Level NSSC has been completed, achieve a Higher Level, with grade 2 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Niger An average of 14 in the Baccalauréat with 14 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Nigeria Grade B3 average in the West African Senior School Certificate (WASSCE) with at least grade B3 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Rwanda An average of B in the Advanced Certificate of Education, with B in relevant subjects. Or, if completing the Rwanda National Examinations O-Levels, achieve a minimum of grade 6 overall and specifically in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Senegal An average of 14 in the Baccalauréat with 14 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Sierra Leone Grade B3 average in the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) with at least grade B3 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Somalia Grade 80% average in the West Secondary School Leaving Certificate with at least grade 80% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. South Africa An average of 5 overall in the National Senior Certificate with at least grade 5 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Sudan An average of 70% (grade B) in the Secondary School Certificate with at least 70% (grade B) in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Due to a visa brake introduced by the UK government, we regret that we are unable to consider applications from nationals of Sudan who would need a Student visa. For more information, please see our visa brake guidance for applicants . Togo An average of 14 in the Diplôme de bachelier de l'enseignement du troisième degré with 14 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Tunisia Scores of 14 out of 20 overall in the Baccalauréat, with at least 14 out of 20 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Uganda A minimum of five subjects passed with Grade 2 overall, including Grade 2 in subjects specific to the intended degree programme, in the Uganda Certificate of Education.. Zambia Scores of at least 2 overall in Zambian High School Certificate, with 2 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. East Asia China An overall average of 80% (grade B) with at least 80% (grade B) in relevant subject areas in Senior High School year 3. The same scores are also accepted from Year 2. Hong Kong For students who have completed Form 5 of the HKDSE (Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education), an average mark of at least 60% in their HKDSE Form 5 School Report with marks of at least 60% in relevant academic subjects. For students who have completed Form 6 of the HKDSE, Level 3 overall and a minimum of Level 3 in relevant academic subjects. Japan An average of 3 out of 5 in the Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate with at least 4 out of 5 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Macau Scores of 70% overall in the Certificado de Ensino Secundário Complementar (Senior Secondary Graduation Certificate), with at least 70% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Mongolia A minimum of 85% overall in the Certificate of Complete Secondary Education with a minimum of 85% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. South Korea Overall rank of 4 out of 9 or at least 70% in the Senior High School Diploma, with scores of at least 75% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Taiwan An average of 70% in the Senior High School Diploma with at least 75% in relevant subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Europe Albania An average of 8 in the Dëftesë Pjekurie (Secondary School Leaving Certificate) with 8 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Belarus Overall average of at least 8 in the Certificate of General Secondary Education and 8 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Cyprus Scores of at least 8 out of 10 in the Lise Bitirme Diplomasi (High School Leaving Diploma) or 16 out of 20 in the Apolytírio Lykeíou, with required grades in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Georgia An average of 7 out of 10 in the General Education Diploma with at least 7 out of 10 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Greece Scores of at least 16 out of 20 in the Apolytírio Genekoú Lykeíou (Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate) in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Kosovo An average of 4/5 in the Diplomë për Kryerjen e Shkollës së Mesme te Larte (Diploma of High School Graduation) with at least 4/5 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Moldova An average of 7/10 in the Diplomă de Bacalaureat (Baccalaureate Diploma) with at least 8/10 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Russia Scores of at least 4 out of 5 in the Certificate of Secondary General Education (Attestat) in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Ukraine Certificate of Complete General Secondary Education (Attestat) with an overall average of 9 and two relevant subjects at 9 (12 point scale). South America Argentina Scores of at least 7 out of 10 in the Título de Bachiller in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Bolivia Achieve 70/100 and in relevant subjects of the Diploma de Bachiller en Humanidades. Brazil Obtain a score of at least 8 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme in the Certificado de Conclusão de Ensino Médio. Chile An average of 5 overall in the Licencia de Educación / Enseñanza Media, with at least 6 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Colombia An average of 70% in the Bachiller Académico, with at least 75% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Ecuador Achieve scores of at least 8/10 in the Titulo de Bachiller en Ciencias, with 8/10 in subjects relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Peru An overall average of Grade A across the Certificado de Educación Secundaria Común Completa and a minimum of Grade A in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Suriname Grade 8 average in the HAVO Certificate with at least grade 8 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Uruguay Scores of at least 9 out of 12 in the Título de Bachillerato Diversificado and 9 out of 12 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Venezuela Scores of at least 15 out of 20 in the Título de Educación Media General in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Middle East Bahrain An average of 85% in the Shahadat Al-Thanawaya Al-Aama/ General Secondary Education Certificate with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Iran An average of 15 out of 20 in the High School Diploma with at least 15 out of 20 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Iraq An average of 85% in the Certificate of Preparatory Education/ Secondary School Certificate with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Jordan An average of 85% in the Certificate of General Secondary Education with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Kuwait An average of 85% in the Shahadat Al-Thanawaya Al-Aama (General Secondary School Certificate) with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Lebanon An average of 14 out of 20 in the General Secondary Certificate with at least 14 out of 20 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Oman An average of 85% in the General Education Diploma with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Palestine Scores of 80% overall in the General Secondary Education Certificate, with at least 80% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Qatar An average of 85% in the General Secondary Education Certificate with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme or 90% in relevant subjects taken at Advanced level in grade 12 of the Qatar Senior Schooling Certificate (QSSC). Saudi Arabia An average of 85% in the General Secondary Education Certificate with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Syria An average of 85% in the General Secondary Certificate with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. United Arab Emirates (UAE) An average of 85% in the General Secondary Education Certificate Examination with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Yemen An average of 85% in the Al-Thanawiya (General Secondary Education Certificate) with at least 85% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. North America and Caribbean Caribbean A minimum of five subjects passed at General Proficiency level, with Grade Two overall, including Grade Two in subjects specific to the intended degree programme, in the Caribbean Secondary Education Certificate. Costa Rica Scores of at least 80% overall in the Bachiller en Educación Media with 80% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Cuba Scores of at least 80% overall in the Título de Bachiller with 80% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Dominican Republic An average of 80% in the Bachillerato with at least 80% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. El Salvador An average of 7 out of 10 in the Título de Bachiller (academic) with at least 7 out of 10 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Guatemala An average of 75% in the Bachillerato with at least 75% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Honduras An average of 70% in the Título de Bachiller Científico Humanista / Bachiller en Ciencias y Humanidades with at least 70% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Nicaragua An average of 76% in the Bachillerato en Humanidades with at least 76% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Panama An average of 4/5 in the Bachillerato with at least 4/5 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Mexico An average of 7/10 in the Bachillerato General with at least 8/10 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Puerto Rico An average of B in the High School Graduation Diploma with B in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. United States of America High School Graduation Diploma with grade B/GPA 3.0 average and grade B in two degree specific subjects. Oceania Fiji An average of 2 in the Fiji Year 12 Examination Certificate / Fiji School Leaving Certificate with 2 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Papua New Guinea An average of 4.0 GPA in the Upper Secondary School Certificate with good grades in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Tonga An average of 2 in the South Pacific Form Seven Certificate with 2 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. South Asia Bangladesh An overall average of 75% in the Higher Secondary Certificate with at least 75% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Bhutan Achieve 70/100 overall and in relevant subjects of the Higher Secondary Education Certificate (Class XII). India An average of 60% in the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC)/ Standard XII (Central Board ICSE, CBSE, West Bengal State Board) with 60% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. An average of 65% in the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC)/ Standard XII (State Board) with 65% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Nepal A minimum of five scores with grade A or 85% in the Secondary Education Examination (Grade X) , specifically in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Pakistan An average of 70% in the Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) or Intermediate Certificate with at least 70% in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Sri Lanka Achieve an average of Grade A in the Ordinary Level Examinations, with Grade A in subjects that are relevant to the intended degree programme. Southeast Asia Brunei We will consider students who have completed a minimum of five General Certificate of Education Ordinary Levels with grade Two (A) overall, including in relevant subjects. The specific subjects will depend on the intended undergraduate degree programme. Cambodia Diploma of Upper Secondary Education with minimum B overall and B in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Indonesia An average of 70% in Sekolah Menengah Atas (SMA/MA) (Senior Secondary School) with at least 70% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Laos Scores of at least 7 out of 10 in the Upper Secondary School Diploma and 7 out of 10 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Malaysia Malaysian Unified Examination Certificate (UEC): At least Grade B3 overall, with Grade B in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. SPM (Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia): At least B overall, with Grade A in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Myanmar An average of 65% in the Basic Education High School Examination (also known as Matriculation Certificate), with at least 70% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Due to a visa brake introduced by the UK government, we regret that we are unable to consider applications from nationals of Myanmar who would need a Student visa. For more information, please see our visa brake guidance for applicants . Philippines A minimum of 85% in Grade 12 of the High School Diploma (Academic Track), with 85% in relevant subjects. Singapore A minimum of five subjects passed at Grade A, including Grade A in subjects specific to the intended degree programme, in the Singapore-Cambridge GCE O Levels. Thailand At least grade 3 in the Certificate of Basic Education (MAW6) with 3 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Vietnam An average of 7.0 in year 11 with at least 7.0 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Turkey, Caucasus and Central Asia Afghanistan An average of 80% in the Grade 12 Graduation Certificate (academic) with 80% in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Due to a visa brake introduced by the UK government, we regret that we are unable to consider applications from nationals of Afghanistan who would need a Student visa. For more information, please see our visa brake guidance for applicants . Armenia Overall average of at least 14 in the Certificate of Unified Examination with 14 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Azerbaijan An average of 80% in the (Tam) Orta Tahsil Haqqinda Attestat (Certificate of Complete Secondary Education) with at least 4.0 out of 5.0 (or 80%) in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Kazakhstan Scores of at least 4 out of 5 in the Certificate of Completed Secondary Education (Attestat) in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Kyrgyzstan Scores of at least 4 out of 5 in the Certificate of Completed Secondary Education and 4 out of 5 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree. Tajikistan An average of 4 in the General Certificate of Secondary Education with 4 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Turkey At least 60% (3 out of 5) overall in the Devlet Lise Diplomasi, with at least 70% (4 out of 5) in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Turkmenistan An average of 4 in Complete Secondary Education with at least 5 in subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Uzbekistan Umumiy o'rta ta'lim to'g'risida attestat/ shahodatnoma (Certificate of Completed Secondary Education): Marks of 4 or above overall with 4 in two subjects that are relevant to the intended undergraduate degree programme. Entry requirements for those with UK and International Baccalaureate qualifications IGCSE We will consider students who have completed a minimum of five IGCSEs with a grade 7 or A, including in relevant subjects. The specific subjects will depend on the intended undergraduate degree programme. AS Levels We will consider students who have completed AS Levels and achieved a grade B in at least two subjects. The specific subjects will depend on the intended undergraduate degree programme. International Baccalaureate We will consider students who have completed the International Baccalaureate and reached a minimum Grade of 26 points overall with grade 4 at Standard Level or 3 at Higher Level in two subjects. The specific subjects will depend on the intended undergraduate degree programme. English language requirements Arts and Social Science, Business, Design, Engineering and Science routes IELTS Academic or IELTS for UKVI (Academic) : 5.5 overall with no less than 5.5 in each component. We cannot accept results from an IELTS test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. You must meet the requirements through a single IELTS test, or via a single test and One Skill Retake. The test must be taken at a test centre. TOEFL iBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet-Based Test) : TOEFL iBT at 72 overall with 17 in listening, 18 in reading, 20 in speaking and 19 in writing (for tests taken before 21 January 2026) = 4 overall with 4 in each component (for tests taken on or after 21 January 2026). We cannot accept results from a test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. You must meet the requirements through a single TOEFL iBT test taken in a test centre. We do not accept TOEFL MyBest scores or the TOEFL iBT Paper Edition. PTE (Pearson Test of English) Academic or PTE Academic UKVI : 59 overall with no less than 59 in each component. We cannot accept results from these tests that are over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. We do not accept PTE Academic Online. LanguageCert Academic or LanguageCert Academic SELT (Secure English Language Test) : 60 overall with no less than 60 in each component. We cannot accept results from these tests that are over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. The test must have been taken in a test centre. Oxford ELLT (English Language Level Test) Global : 5 overall with no less than 5 in each component. We cannot accept results from a test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. Oxford Test of English Advanced : 111 overall with no less than 111 in each component. We accept results from the full test of all four components or from individual tests of each component. We cannot accept results from a test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. A suitable Cambridge English qualification : 162 overall with no less than 162 in each component. The grade that you need for your course will determine which qualification you should take: B1 Preliminary, B2 First, C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency. Check which qualification is relevant to your required grade on the Cambridge English website. GCSE English Language or IGCSE English as a First or Second Language : C or 4. GCSE English Literature may be considered in certain circumstances for some courses. A-level or AS-level English Language or English Literature : C. AP (Advanced Placement) English Language and Composition or English Literature and Composition : 3. IB (International Baccalaureate) : English A (first language) Literature or Language and Literature: 4 at higher level (HL) or 4 at standard level (SL). English B (second language): 5 at HL or 6 at SL. English Literature and Performance and English Ab Initio are not accepted. Healthcare routes IELTS Academic or IELTS for UKVI (Academic) : 6.0 overall with no less than 5.5 in each component. We cannot accept results from an IELTS test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. You must meet the requirements through a single IELTS test, or via a single test and One Skill Retake. The test must be taken at a test centre. TOEFL iBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet-Based Test) : TOEFL iBT at 80 overall with 17 in listening, 18 in reading, 20 in speaking and 19 in writing (for tests taken before 21 January 2026) = 4 overall with 4 in each component (for tests taken on or after 21 January 2026). We cannot accept results from a test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. You must meet the requirements through a single TOEFL iBT test taken in a test centre. We do not accept TOEFL MyBest scores or the TOEFL iBT Paper Edition. PTE (Pearson Test of English) Academic or PTE Academic UKVI : 60 overall with no less than 59 in each component. We cannot accept results from these tests that are over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. We do not accept PTE Academic Online. LanguageCert Academic or LanguageCert Academic SELT (Secure English Language Test) : 65 overall with no less than 60 in each component. We cannot accept results from these tests that are over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. The test must have been taken in a test centre. Oxford ELLT (English Language Level Test) Global : 6 overall with no less than 5 in each component. We cannot accept results from a test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. Oxford Test of English Advanced : 126 overall with no less than 111 in each component. We accept results from the full test of all four components or from individual tests of each component. We cannot accept results from a test that is over two years old at the start date of the course you intend to study. A suitable Cambridge English qualification : 169 overall with no less than 162 in each component. The grade that you need for your course will determine which qualification you should take: B1 Preliminary, B2 First, C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency. Check which qualification is relevant to your required grade on the Cambridge English website. GCSE English Language or IGCSE English as a First or Second Language : C or 4. GCSE English Literature may be considered in certain circumstances for some courses. A-level or AS-level English Language or English Literature : C. AP (Advanced Placement) English Language and Composition or English Literature and Composition : 3. IB (International Baccalaureate) : English A (first language) Literature or Language and Literature: 4 at higher level (HL) or 4 at standard level (SL). English B (second language): 5 at HL or 6 at SL. English Literature and Performance and English Ab Initio are not accepted. We might also accept an English language qualification from your country, which you can find among our admission qualifications . If you don't meet these requirements, you could study with our Language Centre to improve your English to the level required. Related links Chat to a current student Watch our YouTube videos Related content Student stories Find out from our students how the International Foundation Year prepared them for undergraduate study. Applying for a visa See our step-by-step guide to help you gather key information and documents for a visa application. Footer navigation Study and courses Undergraduate Masters courses Research degrees International Course Search About Us Campus map Our history Faculties Governance Reports, accounts and policies Strategies and values Equality Executive team News Events Quicklinks and contacts Jobs Term dates Services A-Z (staff login required) Library Alumni Media relations VideoLeeds Staff A-Z Contacts Leeds University Union Contact information University of Leeds Woodhouse Lane Leeds West Yorkshire LS2 9JT United Kingdom Site information © 2026 University of Leeds Privacy Accessibility Terms & conditions Freedom of information Modern slavery statement