Skip to main content University of Leeds homepage Current students Minerva Mobile app Website for current students Staff Staff intranet Services A-Z (staff login required) Jobs Faculties Faculties Faculty contacts Alumni Alumni website Search leeds.ac.uk Search all leeds.ac.uk Home Study Undergraduate Masters Research degrees International students Online courses Foundation courses Continuing professional development Mature students Search courses Open days and visits Research and innovation Business and partnerships Around campus Give to Leeds About In this section Undergraduate Overview Applying How to apply Your guide to applying Entry requirements Application dates and deadlines Personal statement tips Contextual admissions What happens after you apply Types of course Visa brake: guidance for applicants Fees and costs Undergraduate fees Living costs and budgeting Funding Overview Student life City life Students' Union Wellbeing and support Sport and fitness Careers and employability Overview Careers support Work experience Student enterprise Volunteering Learning experience Study facilities Learning and teaching Study abroad Contact us Study Undergraduate Fees and costs Undergraduate fees Find out about tuition fees for our undergraduate courses, whether you are a UK or international student. The amount of tuition fees you pay is based on whether you are classified as a home (UK) or international student. If your status isn't clear from your application form, you will enter our fee assessment process . Tuition fees for UK students Tuition fees for UK undergraduate students starting in 2027/28 Tuition fees for UK undergraduate students starting in 2027/28 are £10,050. Subsequent years The UK government sets the maximum tuition fee caps that universities can charge UK students. This means your tuition fee in future academic years will reflect any changes set by the government. From 2028/29 onwards, tuition fees are likely to increase annually, at least in line with inflation, and may rise further if the government increases the fee cap. Study abroad and work placement years Fees will be substantially reduced for a study abroad or work placement year. The amount will depend on your year of entry. For UK (home) students paying the £10,050 tuition fee in 2027/28, the reduced fee is £1,505. Full-time foundation year courses Foundation year fees vary by course and more information is available on individual course pages. Visit Course Search to find the fees for your course. Financial support is available depending on household income. Part-time undergraduate courses The annual fee will be calculated as a proportion of the equivalent full-time fee, based on the number of credits you will be studying. For example, if the full-time course is 120 credits and you will be studying 60 credits, your fee will be 50% of the full-time course fee. Paying your tuition fees If you're an eligible full-time or part-time UK student (classified as a home student) you can choose to: take out a tuition fee loan from the UK Government pay for your fees yourself be sponsored. Read our information for sponsored students . If you take out a government tuition fee loan, you only start paying it back when you earn over a certain threshold in the UK. Read information about repaying your loan on the GOV.UK website . You might be eligible for additional funding to help cover tuition fees and living costs , which you don't have to pay back. Tuition fees for international students International tuition fees International fee information is available on individual course pages. Use our Course search to find the fees for your course. The fees quoted for undergraduate courses are for full-time study for each year of the course. These fees will be the same for each year of your course. For information about the tuition fee for the International Foundation Year, please see the International Foundation Year fees and scholarships page . The academic fee covers tuition, exam costs and membership of the students' union. The fees are higher than for UK students because they are not subsidised by the UK government. Scholarships are available to help fund your degree. Study abroad and work placement years Fees will be substantially reduced for a study abroad or work placement year. The amount will depend on your year of entry. For international students, the reduced fee for a work or study abroad placement year for 2027/28 will be £4,575. Read our information on fees and funding for incoming exchange and study abroad students , and on fees and scholarships for Leeds International Summer School students . How and when to pay You need to make arrangements to pay your tuition fees before the start of the academic year or you won't be able to register. Find out more about how to pay your tuition fees and when you need to pay them on our Students website. Tuition fee liability You become liable to pay tuition fees when you register on your course. If you leave before the end of your course, we calculate your fees based on your leaving date. Read more about tuition fee liability on our Students website. Related links Course Search Information for international students Information for offer holders Open days and visits Information for mature students Related content Is this website helpful? Help us improve our website with two quick questions. Your reply is anonymous. Information for teachers and advisors Information for parents and carers Footer navigation Study and courses Undergraduate Masters courses Research degrees International Course Search About Us Campus map Our history Faculties Governance Reports, accounts and policies Strategies and values Equality Executive team News Events Quicklinks and contacts Jobs Term dates Services A-Z (staff login required) Library Alumni Media relations VideoLeeds Staff A-Z Contacts Leeds University Union Contact information University of Leeds Woodhouse Lane Leeds West Yorkshire LS2 9JT United Kingdom Site information © 2026 University of Leeds Privacy Accessibility Terms & conditions Freedom of information Modern slavery statement