Skip to main content University of Leeds homepage Current students Minerva Mobile app Website for current students Staff Staff intranet Services A-Z (staff login required) Jobs Faculties Faculties Faculty contacts Alumni Alumni website Search leeds.ac.uk Search all leeds.ac.uk Home Study Undergraduate Masters Research degrees International students Online courses Foundation courses Continuing professional development Mature students Search courses Open days and visits Research and innovation Business and partnerships Around campus Give to Leeds About In this section Undergraduate Overview Applying How to apply Your guide to applying Entry requirements Application dates and deadlines Personal statement tips Contextual admissions What happens after you apply Types of course Visa brake: guidance for applicants Fees and costs Undergraduate fees Living costs and budgeting Funding Overview Student life City life Students' Union Wellbeing and support Sport and fitness Careers and employability Overview Careers support Work experience Student enterprise Volunteering Learning experience Study facilities Learning and teaching Study abroad Contact us Study Undergraduate Applying How to apply Application dates and deadlines Find out dates and deadlines relating to applications for 2026-27. 21 September 2026 - Applications for Access to Leeds open. 15 October 2026 - UCAS application deadline for all medicine, dentistry and veterinary medicine/science programmes. This includes applications to BSc Interdisciplinary Science with Foundation Year for students wishing to progress to Medicine and Surgery, Dental Surgery or Dental Hygiene and Dental Therapy. 21 October 2026 - Access to Leeds application deadline for Medicine and Dentistry applicants. 13 January 2027 - UCAS equal consideration application deadline for all other courses. Applications may be accepted after this deadline if the course still has places available. 21 January 2027 - Access to Leeds application deadline for all other courses. 12 May 2027 - Deadline for universities to make decisions on applications received by the January equal consideration deadline. 27 September 2027 - Teaching begins. Related links Course Search Information for international students Information for offer holders Open days and visits Information for mature students Related content Is this website helpful? Help us improve our website with two quick questions. Your reply is anonymous. Information for teachers and advisors Information for parents and carers Footer navigation Study and courses Undergraduate Masters courses Research degrees International Course Search About Us Campus map Our history Faculties Governance Reports, accounts and policies Strategies and values Equality Executive team News Events Quicklinks and contacts Jobs Term dates Services A-Z (staff login required) Library Alumni Media relations VideoLeeds Staff A-Z Contacts Leeds University Union Contact information University of Leeds Woodhouse Lane Leeds West Yorkshire LS2 9JT United Kingdom Site information © 2026 University of Leeds Privacy Accessibility Terms & conditions Freedom of information Modern slavery statement