Skip to main content University of Leeds homepage Current students Minerva Mobile app Website for current students Staff Staff intranet Services A-Z (staff login required) Jobs Faculties Faculties Faculty contacts Alumni Alumni website Search leeds.ac.uk Search all leeds.ac.uk Home Study Undergraduate Masters Research degrees International students Online courses Foundation courses Continuing professional development Mature students Search courses Open days and visits Research and innovation Business and partnerships Around campus Give to Leeds About In this section Undergraduate Overview Applying How to apply Your guide to applying Entry requirements Application dates and deadlines Personal statement tips Contextual admissions What happens after you apply Types of course Visa brake: guidance for applicants Fees and costs Undergraduate fees Living costs and budgeting Funding Overview Student life City life Students' Union Wellbeing and support Sport and fitness Careers and employability Overview Careers support Work experience Student enterprise Volunteering Learning experience Study facilities Learning and teaching Study abroad Contact us Study Undergraduate Applying How to apply Your guide to applying We welcome and encourage applications from talented students from all backgrounds. This page guides you through the application process. Watch our recorded talks to learn more before you apply Our talks cover everything you need to know before applying, including applying through UCAS, contextual admissions schemes such as Access to Leeds, and funding your studies. Step 1: Choose your course Choosing the right course is one of the most important decisions you'll make, so think carefully about what you want from your studies. You'll need to think about: which subjects you enjoy and are interested in how long you want to study for what type of study options you are looking for what grades you might obtain your future career options. View our courses on Course Search Find a full list of the courses you can apply for at the University of Leeds. Alternative routes and flexible study options As well as single honours courses, we offer courses that offer alternative routes and flexible study options , including: Joint honours, where you study two main subjects. Part-time courses. Extended degrees with a foundation year that offer an alternative route if you don't have the formal qualifications for immediate entry onto an undergraduate degree. Integrated Masters, where you undertake a fourth year and convert your undergraduate degree to a postgraduate one. You can also get a taster of studying at the University through our free online courses . Step 2: Check the entry requirements UK applicants Read our Entry requirements page to find out our general requirements and see which qualifications we accept. Many courses accept a range of qualifications, not just A-levels. Use Course Search to check the specific entry requirements for your course as the minimum grade requirements can vary depending on the course. Check if you're eligible for one of our contextual admissions schemes , if you're a UK student from a background that is less represented at university. These schemes could offer you the chance to study a degree with lower entry requirements than listed on our course pages. International students Visit the International entry requirements page for information about the qualifications we accept and our English language requirements. Mature students If you're aged 21 or over when you begin your studies, you're classed as a mature student. We welcome applications from mature students from all backgrounds onto both full-time and part-time programmes. Your life and work experience mean there are alternative entry routes available other than formal qualifications, including a foundation course, a validated access course and the Access to Higher Education Diploma. For specific entry criteria, please search for your course . You can also find out about study options and support for mature students . Applicants under the age of 18 If you will be under the age of 18 on 1 October in the year of entry on your course, see our guidance for applicants aged under 18 . Declaring a criminal conviction If you have an unspent criminal conviction, you may need to declare it to us. Having a criminal conviction will only rarely stop you from studying at Leeds but it is usually required when we make you an offer that you wish to accept. For a small number of our courses, you'll need to declare it during the application process. Find out more about declaring a criminal conviction . Step 3: Apply Full-time courses Apply online through UCAS for full-time courses. International students should also apply through the UCAS system in the same way as UK students. Reach out to our Overseas Teams for support about applying from your country or region . Your application should include a reference from your current (or most recent) educational provider, unless otherwise agreed with the admissions team before you apply. If you have any questions about providing a reference, please contact the admissions team using the contact details on Course Search . We will also usually require you to write a personal statement explaining your interests and motivations to apply for the course - find advice about writing your personal statement . As part of your application, you can provide supporting documents, such as your: Academic certificates and transcripts (UK mature and international applicants) English language certificate (international applicants) Passport (international applicants) If you are an international applicant who requires a Student visa and you have previously studied in the UK on a Student visa (or equivalent), you can also provide your previous immigration documents, such as your: Visa Share code BRP (Biometric Residence Permit) CAS (Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies) UCAS guidance UCAS provides comprehensive information on the entire application process, from choosing your university and course right through to starting university and settling into student life. Video transcript: Applying through UCAS - University of Leeds Part-time courses For a part-time course, you'll need to apply directly to the University via our online application form. Find the form and guidance on the Part-time and foundation year courses page . Application dates and deadlines Application dates and deadlines vary throughout the year so please visit the application dates and deadlines page for the latest information . Taking a year out We're typically happy to receive applications for deferred entry, which can be submitted during your last year at school. We'd encourage you to use your personal statement to explain your reasons for taking a gap year. Please note that you'll still need to meet any conditions of your offer in the academic year in which you apply. Transferring from another university Many of our academic schools will consider requests to transfer onto a course from another university. You usually need to show that you've met the course's standard first-year entry requirements and that you're performing well in your current degree, which must be relevant to the new course. For further information, get in touch with the relevant admissions team using the contact details on your course page . Extenuating circumstances We advise that your school includes information about your mitigating circumstances in the reference that they write as part of your UCAS application and, where possible, expect that this should have been taken into consideration by the exam board so that any adjustments could be made during assessment and marking. If you'd like to discuss your situation, please contact the admissions team for your course, using the contact details on your course page . What happens after you apply? Visit our After you've applied page to find out what happens after you make your application. Our Admissions Policy 2027-28 provides detailed information about the admissions process. Related links Course Search Information for international students Information for offer holders Open days and visits Information for mature students Related content Is this website helpful? Help us improve our website with two quick questions. Your reply is anonymous. Information for teachers and advisors Information for parents and carers Footer navigation Study and courses Undergraduate Masters courses Research degrees International Course Search About Us Campus map Our history Faculties Governance Reports, accounts and policies Strategies and values Equality Executive team News Events Quicklinks and contacts Jobs Term dates Services A-Z (staff login required) Library Alumni Media relations VideoLeeds Staff A-Z Contacts Leeds University Union Contact information University of Leeds Woodhouse Lane Leeds West Yorkshire LS2 9JT United Kingdom Site information © 2026 University of Leeds Privacy Accessibility Terms & conditions Freedom of information Modern slavery statement