A government website registered with the Digital Government Authority. Government website registered with DGA How you know? Official Saudi Government website URL ends with .edu.sa Website belongs to an official educational in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia always ends with .edu.sa or sch.sa . Official Secure websites use HTTPS Secured governments websites in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia use Https encryption. Registered with the Digital Government Authority under number: 20260406219 About the University Colleges Deanships Departments Research Scientific Journals E-Services Directory Alumni Conferences Search Search Suggestions: Admission Scholarships Programs Unified Login العربية Study at University Study at Islamic University Student Type What type of student are you? Study Type Please specify the type of study you prefer Apply You will be redirected to the application portal New Student (International) Citizen/Resident (Local) Bachelor's (Regular) Master's (Regular) Bachelor's (Distance) Bachelor's (Regular) Master's/Ph.D. Advanced Diploma Cancel Back Go to Application Start Over Home Deanships Deanship of Admission and Registration Qualifications required for international students Share Page X LinkedIn WhatsApp Copy Link Qualifications required for international students Side menu About the Deanship Organizational Structure Dean of the Deanship Academic Calendar Admission to the Islamic University Admission of Saudi Students Scholarship Admission Educational Programs Bachelor's Programs Study Plans Distance Education Admissions Guide for Distance Learning Programs Distance education rules and regulations Distance Education Guides and Instructions Regulations and Policies University student guide Common Questions Official Forms Announcements of the Deanship News of the Deanship of Admission and Registration Contact us Admission applications to the Islamic University are submitted through the (Study in Saudi Arabia) platform via the following link: (Study in Saudi Arabia) Platform Application Period: From 2-11-1447 AH corresponding to 19-4-2026 AD To 4-12-1447 AH corresponding to 21-5-2026 AD Admission Requirements for Full and Partial Scholarship Students (External Scholarships and Internal Scholarships): The applicant must have obtained a General Secondary School Certificate or its equivalent from within or outside the Kingdom. For admission to the scientific-track colleges, the student must have obtained a General Secondary School Certificate or its equivalent in the "Scientific" specialization. No more than five years must have passed since the applicant obtained the General Secondary School Certificate or its equivalent. The applicant for a full scholarship must not be residing in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The applicant must be of good conduct and behavior. The applicant must not be younger than (17) years or older than (25) years. The applicant must not have been dismissed from another university for disciplinary reasons. The student must not have received another scholarship from an educational institution in the Kingdom. The applicant must attach a certificate from the security authorities in their country confirming that they have no criminal record. The student must obtain a recommendation from one of the organizations, institutions, or academic figures in their country. The applicant must be medically fit. The applicant must pass any tests or interviews announced by the University. The applicant must undertake to comply with the rules and regulations of the country and the University. Admission to the College of the Holy Qur'an requires the applicant to have memorized the entire Holy Qur'an and to pass the designated test. Applicants for partial scholarships must provide proof of their employer's approval to study at the University. Admission Criteria and Calculation of the Weighted Percentage for Partial Scholarships (Internal Scholarships): Track Admission Criterion Percentage % Theoretical Colleges General Secondary School Certificate 50 General Aptitude Test 50 Scientific Colleges General Secondary School Certificate 30 General Aptitude Test 30 Achievement Test 40 The Admission Guide for the Bachelor's Degree Program for Full and Partial Scholarship Students for the Academic Year 1448 AH can be viewed via the following link: Admission Guide in Arabic Admission Guide in English (English) Was this page useful? Yes No 60% of users said Yes from 2843 Feedbacks Close Please tell us why (you can select multiple options) Content is relevant It was well written The layout made it easy to read Something else Please tell us why (you can select multiple options) Content is not relevant Content is not accurate Content is too long Something else I'm Male Female Feedback For more information you may review e-participation statement and rules of engagement. Submit About University Virtual Tour Rules and Regulations Jadarat Employment Platform Phone Directory FAQs E-Participation Vision 2030 Initiatives University Registration University Admission Academic Calendar Study Plans Verify Graduation Document Technical Support Tawasul System Beneficiary Participation IT Department Information Security Policy Safe Usage Policy Open Data Guide Digital Complaint Contact Us 920022042 Google Map Address: Abo Bakr Al Siddiq, Al Jamiah, Madinah 42351 National Address: DMMC3515 care@iu.edu.sa Follow Us Mobile App Site Map Islamic University of Madinah © 2026 . All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Cookies This website uses cookies to ensure ease of use and provide an enhanced browsing experience. By continuing to browse this site, you acknowledge and accept the use of cookies. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy Accept Reject Non-Essential