A government website registered with the Digital Government Authority. Government website registered with DGA How you know? Official Saudi Government website URL ends with .edu.sa Website belongs to an official educational in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia always ends with .edu.sa or sch.sa . Official Secure websites use HTTPS Secured governments websites in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia use Https encryption. Registered with the Digital Government Authority under number: 20260406219 About the University Colleges Deanships Departments Research Scientific Journals E-Services Directory Alumni Conferences Search Search Suggestions: Admission Scholarships Programs Unified Login العربية Study at University Study at Islamic University Student Type What type of student are you? Study Type Please specify the type of study you prefer Apply You will be redirected to the application portal New Student (International) Citizen/Resident (Local) Bachelor's (Regular) Master's (Regular) Bachelor's (Distance) Bachelor's (Regular) Master's/Ph.D. Advanced Diploma Cancel Back Go to Application Start Over Home Deanships Deanship of Admission and Registration Share Page X LinkedIn WhatsApp Copy Link Deanship of Admission and Registration Side menu About the Deanship Organizational Structure Dean of the Deanship Academic Calendar Admission to the Islamic University Admission of Saudi Students Scholarship Admission Educational Programs Bachelor's Programs Study Plans Distance Education Admissions Guide for Distance Learning Programs Distance education rules and regulations Distance Education Guides and Instructions Regulations and Policies University student guide Common Questions Official Forms Announcements of the Deanship News of the Deanship of Admission and Registration Contact us About Deanship The Deanship of Admission and Registration was established in 1400 AH. It is concerned with receiving applications for admission to the Islamic University, reviewing them in accordance with rules and regulations governing this, registering students, and monitoring procedures, from students' admission until their graduation. Two agencies fall under the Deanship of Admission and Registration: the Vice Deanship for Admission Affairs, and the Vice Deanship for Registration Affairs. Vision Mission Goals Upgrading Admission and Registration Services to the Highest Degrees of Quality and Excellence. Providing distinguished services in admission, registration, and academic transactions through advanced technology, in multiple languages, and attracting outstanding students from the local and global community, in accordance with international quality standards. • Organizing admission and registration procedures across various programs and specializations. • Continuously improving admission and registration mechanisms and standards. • Optimizing the use of technology in admission and registration services. • Achieving comprehensive quality standards in admission and registration services. • Encouraging excellence and creativity and developing performance efficiency among the Deanship's staff. View All Admission to the Islamic University for the Academic Year 1448 AH 29/06/2026 قبول الطلاب السعوديين للعام الجامعي 1448 هـ 29/06/2026 قبول طلاب المنح الدراسية (الداخلية والخارجية) للعام الجامعي 1448هـ Was this page useful? Yes No 60% of users said Yes from 2843 Feedbacks Close Please tell us why (you can select multiple options) Content is relevant It was well written The layout made it easy to read Something else Please tell us why (you can select multiple options) Content is not relevant Content is not accurate Content is too long Something else I'm Male Female Feedback For more information you may review e-participation statement and rules of engagement. Submit About University Virtual Tour Rules and Regulations Jadarat Employment Platform Phone Directory FAQs E-Participation Vision 2030 Initiatives University Registration University Admission Academic Calendar Study Plans Verify Graduation Document Technical Support Tawasul System Beneficiary Participation IT Department Information Security Policy Safe Usage Policy Open Data Guide Digital Complaint Contact Us 920022042 Google Map Address: Abo Bakr Al Siddiq, Al Jamiah, Madinah 42351 National Address: DMMC3515 care@iu.edu.sa Follow Us Mobile App Site Map Islamic University of Madinah © 2026 . All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Cookies This website uses cookies to ensure ease of use and provide an enhanced browsing experience. By continuing to browse this site, you acknowledge and accept the use of cookies. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy Accept Reject Non-Essential