skip to main content For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Undergraduate Admissions Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Academics Open Academics submenu Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Open Research submenu Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Open Student Life submenu Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Open Apply submenu Preparing for Caltech Open Preparing for Caltech submenu Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For Open What We Look For submenu How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Open First-Year Applicants submenu Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Open Transfer Applicants submenu Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Open 3/2 Program submenu Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Visit Campus Open Visit Campus submenu Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Open Explore More submenu Student & Alumni Stories Open Student & Alumni Stories submenu A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Menu Close Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Apply Open Apply submenu Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Explore More Open Explore More submenu For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Why Caltech Back Academics Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Back Preparing for Caltech Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Visit & Connect Back Visit Campus Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Back Student & Alumni Stories A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Home / Apply / First-Year Applicants / International Applicants International Applicants Related Pages Close Apply Preparing for Caltech Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness STEM Programs Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Deadlines The Beaver Breakroom Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Free Resources for Calculus, Chemistry, and/or Physics What Qualifies as an Unresolvable Course Conflict? How Does This Process Work? Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Standardized Testing Buckets Letters of Recommendation Writing Advice for Recommenders Supplemental Materials Research Papers and Publications Portfolio Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice International Applicants 3/2 Program Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Caltech is at the leading edge of science, so we strive to enroll a student body that includes the brightest students from around the world. How does Caltech define an international applicant? Caltech defines international applicants as students who are non-U.S. citizens or permanent residents attending secondary school outside of the United States. If you are in the U.S. as an asylee, refugee, or undocumented student, you are a domestic applicant . Other than financial need consideration for international students, the application and review processes are the same for all applicants, and we offer need-based financial aid that meets 100% of your demonstrated financial need. Regardless of where you live or attend school, we will review your application in the context of your school. We will not review your application if any part is not translated in English . Academic Preparation Caltech will challenge you to think in new and innovative ways and we expect you to prepare for that challenge by taking a strong curriculum in secondary school. To prepare for core, students must demonstrate mastery in the following subjects: Four years of math, including one year of calculus 1, 2 One year of physics 1 One year of chemistry 1 One year of biology (recommended) Four years of English 3 Two years of history and/or social sciences courses (3+ years recommended) If a student is unable to take a calculus, chemistry, and/or physics course in secondary school because it is not available to them or they experience unresolvable course conflicts, Caltech will accept examination scores or certification showing proof of knowledge in the subject in lieu of an academic course requirement, provided both the student and their counselor document the underlying unresolvable issue(s). Learn more about our Academic Requirements . For students in the IB curriculum, we require Higher Level Math. For students in the GCE A-Level curriculum, we require A-Level Maths. Students in India must complete both year X and XII state board or CBSE examinations. For further questions, reach out to [email protected] . If a student is only taking STEM classes in the final two years of secondary school, e.g., A-Level students, the requirement will be two English and two social studies classes during their first two years of secondary education. When to Apply Students apply to U.S. colleges/universities during their final year of high school. We admit students to start in the fall term, and our application deadlines are during U.S. fall and winter. We know that some applicants will not have final grades available at that point, and we will consider the most recent grades on your transcript in our application review. You may apply for Restrictive Early Action or Regular Decision . If you have already enrolled at another university, you may only apply for transfer admission to Caltech. We may grant exceptions for students in the southern hemisphere who begin their college education while applying to U.S. universities. Action Date Restrictive Early Action deadline November 1, 2026 Restrictive Early Action decision notifications Mid-December, 2026 Regular Decision deadline January 4, 2027 Regular Decision notifications Mid-March, 2027 Restrictive Early Action and Regular Decision admit reply deadline May 1, 2027 Transcripts and Letters of Recommendation We require official documents (transcripts) that note your class titles, grades, and predicted grades/scores (if applicable); the transcript must be sent to us directly from your school. If the language of instruction in your school is not English, we require the original document and an English translation . Consider asking an English teacher or school official to translate the document. Caltech admissions officers are trained to understand your education system, so there is no need to translate or convert grades to the American system. We require letters of recommendation from two secondary school teachers: One from STEM: math (calculus or beyond preferred), physics, chemistry, or biology One from Humanities/Social Sciences: English, history, government, or economics If you have not taken a humanities/social science course in your final two years of secondary school , e.g., A-level students, international applicants can substitute the required teacher evaluation from a humanities/social science with another letter from a teacher in a different core subject. Our preferences are letters of recommendation from your final two years of secondary school. Fee Waivers If you are applying for financial aid and the application fee presents a hardship for your family, we offer fee waivers. Standardized Test Scores We require either the SAT or ACT test scores. In addition to the SAT or ACT scores, if you have taken AP or IB examinations, you will be asked to submit those scores as well. If a student could not take a standardized exam because the exam was not available/easily accessible in their country or if there were technical challenges to taking the exam, we will give students an opportunity in the Caltech-specific application to explain what happened. Technical challenges include exam unavailability within a reasonable distance of applicant's location, testing site cancellations or challenges, etc. From there, students can review this page and choose ways to continue to show academic preparation for Caltech in the application process. Financial Aid Caltech is committed to meeting the full demonstrated financial need of all admitted students. We are need-aware for international students because the total amount of financial aid funds for international students is limited. This limitation may result in financial need being a factor in the Institute's admissions decisions for international applicants. If you are an international applicant and plan to apply for financial aid at any time during your undergraduate career here , you must apply for it at the time that you apply for admission. If Caltech offers you financial aid for the first year, you may reapply for aid in subsequent years. If you do not apply for or receive financial aid for you first year, you may not apply for aid for any other academic period. We may make exceptions for citizens of Canada and Mexico. Our International Financial Aid Statement of Intent has additional details. You may apply either Restrictive Early Action or Regular Decision. Financial aid covers the full cost of attendance , including tuition, housing, dining, books, fees, and personal expenses. For more information about how to apply for financial aid, please see Afford or email our Financial Aid Office . English Proficiency Exams Caltech will challenge your English skills, and we want to make sure that you will thrive in our classrooms and community. English Proficiency Exam scores are required of all international applicants unless 1) your native language is English or 2) English is the primary language of instruction in your secondary school. For non-Native English speakers where English is the primary language of instruction in your secondary school, Caltech strongly recommends an English Proficiency Exam score. We accept the Duolingo English Test (DET), IELTS, or the TOEFL. The English proficiency exam must be taken prior to the application deadline. Test Minimum Total Minimum in each area IELTS 7 7 TOEFL (taken before Jan. 21, 2026) 100 25 TOEFL (taken on or after Jan. 21, 2026) 5 5 Duolingo English Test 130 130 InitialView At Caltech, you will be called upon regularly to engage with leading professors and classmates who will challenge you. As a result, international students are encouraged to provide us with an InitialView conversation and writing sample. If the cost of InitialView is prohibitive for you, fee waivers are available. Please contact InitialView with any questions. InitialView Questions and Answers Does InitialView replace an English proficiency exam? No, InitialView is not graded and it is not a test. It does not replace the English proficiency exam requirement. English proficiency scores are required of all international applicants unless 1) your native language is English or 2) English is the primary language of instruction in your secondary school. For non-Native English speakers where English is the primary language of instruction in your secondary school, Caltech strongly recommends an English Proficiency Exam score. We accept the Duolingo English Test (DET), IELTS, or the TOEFL. English proficiency exams must be taken prior to the application deadline . Is InitialView required? InitialView is recommended but not required for international students. You are welcome to provide supplemental materials that you believe will help our admissions committee learn more about you. Submit your external portfolio through the Beaver Breakroom, the application portal. What is the deadline to submit InitialView? Your InitialView should be recorded by the application deadline . My school is taught in English. Is InitialView still recommended? We recommend InitialView for all international applicants. InitialView unscripted conversations and writing samples are recorded and give Admissions Officers insight into how you communicate and think. InitialView's interview experts are trained to engage you in conversation - no two experiences will ever be the same! I have more questions Head to InitialView's Frequently Asked Questions or contact InitialView via email at [email protected] . If you have questions for Caltech about using InitialView, reach out before the application deadline to [email protected] . Global Student Haven Initiative Caltech has joined the Global Student Haven Initiative (GSHI), a new consortium that aims to support more effectively student refugees from around the world. The consortium aims to lower the educational barriers some student refugees face in the midst of crisis, and also to equip and prepare these scholars and researchers for eventual return to their home nation. For more information about the program, visit the Global Student Haven Initiative website. For questions, please contact Nic Lee, at +1 626-395-6341 or [email protected] . California Institute of Technology 1200 East California Boulevard Pasadena, California 91125 Digital Accessibility | Privacy Notice | Site Content Copyright © 2026 | Log In