skip to main content For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Undergraduate Admissions Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Academics Open Academics submenu Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Open Research submenu Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Open Student Life submenu Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Open Apply submenu Preparing for Caltech Open Preparing for Caltech submenu Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For Open What We Look For submenu How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Open First-Year Applicants submenu Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Open Transfer Applicants submenu Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Open 3/2 Program submenu Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Visit Campus Open Visit Campus submenu Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Open Explore More submenu Student & Alumni Stories Open Student & Alumni Stories submenu A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Menu Close Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Apply Open Apply submenu Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Explore More Open Explore More submenu For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Why Caltech Back Academics Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Back Preparing for Caltech Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Visit & Connect Back Visit Campus Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Back Student & Alumni Stories A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Home / Apply / First-Year Applicants / Deadlines First-Year Application Deadlines Related Pages Close Apply Preparing for Caltech Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness STEM Programs Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Deadlines The Beaver Breakroom Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Free Resources for Calculus, Chemistry, and/or Physics What Qualifies as an Unresolvable Course Conflict? How Does This Process Work? Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Standardized Testing Buckets Letters of Recommendation Writing Advice for Recommenders Supplemental Materials Research Papers and Publications Portfolio Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice International Applicants 3/2 Program Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Deadlines and Notifications Restrictive Early Action or Regular Decision Caltech offers two decision plans: Restrictive Early Action and Regular Decision. Additionally, Caltech participates in the QuestBridge Program , which has a separate admissions process. Image Lightbox Download Full Image Restrictive Early Action Restrictive Early Action (REA) is a non-binding early admissions process for students who are confident that Caltech is their first-choice university, are excited about the possibility of attending Caltech, and want to learn early if they are admitted to Caltech. At the same time, students will not be required to accept a Caltech REA offer and may compare financial aid options if they choose to apply to other institutions during the Regular Decision process. Although REA applications are due November 1, you will have until November 6 to submit all required and supplemental materials and standardized testing must be completed before November 30. Students will be notified of their admissions decision (admit, defer, or deny) by mid-December. Admitted students will then have until May 1, 2027 to decide if they will accept Caltech's offer of admission. Students who choose to apply REA to Caltech may not apply Early Action nor Early Decision to any other institution, with the following exceptions: An institution outside of the United States; Any public institution that has a non-binding admissions policy with a fall application deadline (such as the University of California system); An institution's non-binding rolling admissions process; Any military academy; Any scholarships or special academic programs with an early deadline at another institution, public or private, if the early application submission is a necessary aspect for consideration, and the outcome is non-binding; If you are deferred admission after applying REA to Caltech, you may apply to another institution's Early Decision II program. If you are admitted to that institution's Early Decision II program, you are required to withdraw your application of admission to Caltech. Additionally, REA should be for students who are prepared to submit their most competitive application by November 1, including letters of recommendation, and required course work for admission. For more information on preparing for Caltech, visit our Academic Preparation and Academic Requirements pages. Restrictive Early Action Frequently Asked Questions We know you may have more questions about Caltech's Restrictive Early Action process. What is Restrictive Early Action? Restrictive Early Action (REA) is a non-binding early admissions process for students who are confident that Caltech is their first-choice university, excited about the possibility of attending Caltech, and want to learn early if they are admitted to Caltech. At the same time, students will not be required to accept a Caltech REA offer and may compare financial aid options if they choose to apply to other institutions during the Regular Decision process. Applications are due November 1 and students will be notified of their admissions decision (admit, defer, or deny) by mid-December. Admitted students will then have until May 1, 2027 to decide if they will accept Caltech's offer of admission. Students who choose to apply REA to Caltech may not apply Early Action nor Early Decision to any other institution, with the following exceptions: An institution outside of the United States; Any public institution that has a non-binding admissions policy with a fall application deadline, such as the University of California system; An institution's non-binding rolling admissions process; Any military academy; Any scholarships or special academic programs with an early deadline at another institution, public or private, if the early application submission is a necessary aspect for consideration, and the outcome is non-binding; If you are deferred admission after applying REA to Caltech, you may apply to another institution's Early Decision II program. If you are admitted to that institution's Early Decision II program, you are required to withdraw your application of admission to Caltech. Why did Caltech move from Early Action to Restrictive Early Action? In the few years, Caltech has seen a substantial increase in applications, more than doubling our total applicant pool since Fall 2020. With a first-year class of only 245 students, the application pool is far outpacing the space we have available on campus. Lowering our admit rate is not a goal for Caltech; instead, we want applications from students who are thrilled about the idea of engaging deeply in science, technology, and engineering in Southern California. We believe that moving to a restrictive early action process will be responsive to our applicants' desire to identify Caltech as their first choice while, at the same time, allowing them to consider all their college options and financial aid packages until May 1, before making a final decision. We also intend to make the majority of our admissions decisions in the Regular Decision round and, as explained below, only make deferment decisions for a select few students. What is the difference between REA and Regular Decision? The deadline: November 1, 2026 for Restrictive Early Action with a notification date of mid-December. January 4, 2027 for Regular Decision with a notification date of mid-March. Additionally, REA should be for students who are prepared to submit their most competitive application by November 1, including teacher evaluations and required course work for admission. Will I have a better chance of getting into Caltech REA? Caltech's admit rate is under 5% for both Early Action and Regular Decision and the difference in admit rates is negligible. As such, we recommend it for students who: are excited about the possibility of attending Caltech for their undergraduate career have taken the calculus, chemistry, and physics courses required for admission to Caltech have prepared a competitive application by November 1, including letters of recommendation What is the deadline for applying REA and when will decisions be released? Applications are due November 1 and students will be notified of their admissions decision (admit, defer, or deny) by mid-December. Admitted students will then have until May 1, 2027 to decide if they will accept Caltech's offer of admission. What admissions decisions are possible after applying REA? There are 3 admissions decision outcomes when students are notified in mid-December: Admit - a student is admitted and has until May 1, 2027 to accept or decline their offer. Defer - a student is deferred and has the option to opt-in to Regular Decision. Caltech is very judicious with our deferment offers, only choosing this option for students we are very interested in learning more about and considering them in the wider Regular Decision pool. Deny - a student is denied admission to Caltech. All deny decisions are final and a student cannot appeal the decision, nor can they apply to Caltech in the Regular Decision round of that cycle. Students are welcome to apply for admissions again the following fall. At Caltech, a student who is deferred to Regular Decision can only receive one of two admissions decisions in mid-March: admit or deny . We do not waitlist students who were deferred admission from REA. If I am admitted, when will I receive my financial aid decision? Our plan is that students admitted to Caltech through REA will receive their financial aid notification before the December holiday break. The financial aid logistics and timeline will be posted later. Why shouldn't I apply Restrictive Early Action? Great question. Caltech reserves most of our admissions offers for Regular Decision, so please do not feel compelled to apply REA to improve your chances of admission. As stated above, admission to Caltech is highly selective in both Early Action and Regular Decision, and there is a negligible difference in admission rates between the two. So what does this actually mean? Possible Admissions Decisions from Restrictive Early Action There are 3 admissions decision outcomes when students are notified in mid-December: Admit: a student is admitted and has until May 1, 2027 to accept or decline their offer. Defer: a student is deferred to Regular Decision. Caltech is very judicious with our deferment offers, only choosing this option for students we are very interested in learning more about and considering them in the wider Regular Decision pool. Deny: a student is denied admission to Caltech. All deny decisions are final and a student cannot appeal the decision, nor can they apply to Caltech in the Regular Decision round of that cycle. Students are welcome to apply for admissions again the following fall. At Caltech, a student who is deferred to Regular Decision can only receive one of two admissions decisions in mid-March: admit or deny . We do not waitlist students who were deferred admission from REA. Regular Decision Regular Decision (RD) is the most common admissions process at Caltech; additionally, the majority of students admitted to Caltech will have applied in Regular Decision. Although RD applications are due January 4, you will have until January 10 to submit all required and supplemental materials and standardized testing must be completed before December 31, 2026. Students will be notified of their admissions decision (admit, waitlist, or deny) by mid-March. Admitted students will then have until May 1, 2026 to decide if they will accept Caltech's offer of admission. Possible Admissions Decisions from Regular Decision Potential admission decision outcomes when students are notified in mid-March: Admit: a student is admitted and has until May 1, 2027 to accept or decline their offer. Waitlist: a student is waitlisted to Caltech and has until mid-April to opt-in for reconsideration should space become available in the class after May 1. Students are strongly encouraged to send in supplemental materials to support their application. Deny: a student is denied admission to Caltech. All deny decisions are final and a student cannot appeal the decision. You may reapply for the next fall entry term if you wish. If space is available in the class after May 1, we will review the applications of students who opted-in for reconsideration. The waitlist does not have a ranking system. We will communicate with students accordingly and waitlist activity concludes by mid-July. California Institute of Technology 1200 East California Boulevard Pasadena, California 91125 Digital Accessibility | Privacy Notice | Site Content Copyright © 2026 | Log In