skip to main content For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Undergraduate Admissions Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Academics Open Academics submenu Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Open Research submenu Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Open Student Life submenu Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Open Apply submenu Preparing for Caltech Open Preparing for Caltech submenu Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For Open What We Look For submenu How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Open First-Year Applicants submenu Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Open Transfer Applicants submenu Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Open 3/2 Program submenu Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Visit Campus Open Visit Campus submenu Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Open Explore More submenu Student & Alumni Stories Open Student & Alumni Stories submenu A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Menu Close Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Apply Open Apply submenu Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Explore More Open Explore More submenu For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Why Caltech Back Academics Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Back Preparing for Caltech Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Visit & Connect Back Visit Campus Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Back Student & Alumni Stories A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Home / Apply / First-Year Applicants / Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Related Pages Close Apply Preparing for Caltech Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness STEM Programs Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Deadlines The Beaver Breakroom Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Free Resources for Calculus, Chemistry, and/or Physics What Qualifies as an Unresolvable Course Conflict? How Does This Process Work? Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Standardized Testing Buckets Letters of Recommendation Writing Advice for Recommenders Supplemental Materials Research Papers and Publications Portfolio Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice International Applicants 3/2 Program Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions AI Policy: Guidelines for Fall Applicants Essay Writing Advice FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Caltech is hard... We will challenge you to think in new and innovative ways. And we expect you to prepare for that challenge by taking a strong curriculum in high school. In your first year , you'll start our core curriculum , which builds a foundation for all our majors . To prepare for core, students must demonstrate mastery in the following subjects: Four years of math, including one year of calculus* One year of physics* One year of chemistry* One year of biology (recommended) Four years of English Two years of history and/or social sciences courses (3+ years recommended) *If a student is unable to take a calculus, chemistry, and/or physics course in high school because it is not available to them or they experience unresolvable course conflicts, Caltech will accept examination scores or the course challenge through Schoolhouse.world showing evidence of knowledge in the subject in lieu of an academic course requirement, provided both the student and their counselor document the underlying unresolvable issue(s). The following examinations and certificates can substitute for the course requirements for calculus, chemistry, and/or physics: A score of 5 on AP exams in AP Calculus AB, AP Calculus BC, AP Chemistry, AP Physics 1, AP Physics 2, or AP Physics C The AP exam must be taken by application deadline. A score of 6 or 7 on the IB Mathematics HL; Chemistry SL or HL; or Physics SL or HL examinations. The IB exam must be taken by application deadline. Completing the course challenge from Schoolhouse.world in one of the following courses: AP/College Calculus BC; AP/College Chemistry; AP/College Physics 1 Proof of certification from Schoolhouse.world is required within one week of the application deadline. For in-coming fall 2026 first-year applicants, these are the only avenues for substituting course requirements in calculus, chemistry, and/or physics at Caltech. There will be no exceptions. Academic Requirements Frequently Asked Questions What if I haven't taken calculus, chemistry, or physics? Caltech will accept examination scores or the course challenge through Schoolhouse.world showing proof of knowledge in the subject in lieu of a calculus, chemistry, and/or physics course, provided both the student and their counselor must document the underlying unresolvable issue(s). The following examinations and certificates can substitute for the course requirements or calculus, chemistry, and/or physics: A score of 5 on AP exams in AP Calculus AB, AP Calculus BC, AP Chemistry, AP Physics 1, AP Physics 2, or AP Physics C The AP exam must be taken by application deadline. A score of 6 or 7 on the IB Mathematics HL; Chemistry SL or HL; or Physics SL or HL examinations. The IB exam must be taken by application deadline. Completing the certification from Schoolhouse.world in one of the following courses: AP/College Calculus BC; AP/College Chemistry; AP/College Physics 1 Proof of certification from Schoolhouse.world is required within one week of the application deadline. Find out more about how this process works. Can I take calculus, chemistry, and/or physics for the first time senior year? Many students take one of these subjects for the first time during their senior year and that's OK. We must be able to review semester or in-progress grades for first-time courses by the application deadline. We will request grades directly from your school, if needed. Why did Caltech make this change? Caltech operates from a set of mission-based values , and we recognize that not all applicants have equal access to the calculus, chemistry, and/or physics courses required to apply to the Institute. We are determined to provide alternative opportunities by which prospective students can demonstrate their preparedness. What free courses are available for certification? The completion of the following certifications from Schoolhouse.world, based on coursework provided by Khan Academy, demonstrate the subject area mastery required for the Caltech core curriculum Khan Academy courses are available in Calculus, Chemistry, and Physics. Schoolhouse.world course challenges are available in AP/College Calculus BC, AP/College Chemistry, AP/College Physics 1 More extensive information is available on our Free Resources for Calculus, Chemistry, and/or Physics page . Will you accept other examination scores or certifications, e.g. Coursera, edX? No, only online course challenges from Schoolhouse.world in one of the following courses: AP/College Calculus BC; AP/College Chemistry; AP/College Physics 1 will be accepted. For in-coming fall 2026 first-year applicants, AP exam scores, IB exam scores, and Schoolhouse.world certification are the only avenues for substituting course requirements in calculus, chemistry, and/or physics at Caltech. Applicants may submit additional transcripts on the application portal, Beaver Breakroom, if they have taken a calculus, chemistry, and/or physics course from a college or university where they earned a grade. What qualifies as an unresolvable course conflict? Unresolvable course conflicts include: The required class was not available at a student's high school. The student was tracked to take the course, but too few students registered, and the course was canceled. The student was not tracked to take calculus by graduation and school policy does not allow the student to take calculus. The student attends high school in an educational desert where no college or university exists for a student to take additional coursework. The courses were offered at the same time and the student could not complete all of Caltech's requirements in high school. The course was not a graduation requirement for high school in the student's district or state, therefore the student did not know they needed it for Caltech and student now does not have time or opportunity to enroll in the class before applying. How do I submit proof of examinations or certifications? Once your application has been submitted, you will be required to submit examination scores or certification via the application portal, Beaver Breakroom. Further instructions will be provided via email within 72 hours. More extensive information about how this process works is available for both Common App and QuestBridge applicants. What if I won't have 4 years of math because I will max out before then? We understand that not all students have access to the same math curriculum and resources. It is okay if students who exhaust their math curriculum before their senior year of high school to not have four years of math. To be eligible for first-year admissions, Caltech expects that all students have taken as much math as possible, including one year of calculus, to be prepared for the core curriculum. Some students who have run the course of their high school curriculum and would like to take more math, for example, consider taking online or local college classes but that is not a requirement. We certainly don't want you to get bored in high school. And don't worry - we will never run out of classes for you at Caltech. California Institute of Technology 1200 East California Boulevard Pasadena, California 91125 Digital Accessibility | Privacy Notice | Site Content Copyright © 2026 | Log In