skip to main content Financial Aid Costs Open Costs submenu On-Campus Cost of Attendance Off-Campus Cost of Attendance Graduate Student Cost of Attendance Applying Open Applying submenu How to Apply Open How to Apply submenu New Domestic Applicants: Restrictive Early Action New Domestic Applicants: Regular Decision New International Applicants: Restrictive Early Action New International Applicants: Regular Decision New International Applicants: Transfer or 3/2 Continuing Domestic Students Continuing International Students Domestic Graduate Students International Graduate Students Deadlines IDOC International Students How It Works Open How It Works submenu Family Contribution Principles of Need Analysis Types of Aid Open Types of Aid submenu Grants & Scholarships Open Grants & Scholarships submenu Caltech Scholarships Federal Grants State Grants Work-Study Loans Open Loans submenu Caltech Loan - Killgore Federal Stafford Loan Federal PLUS Loan Private Loans Loan Disclosure Outside Scholarships Veteran's Benefits Open Veteran's Benefits submenu Post 9/11 GI Bill Yellow Ribbon Program Loans Contact Us Forms & Publications Policies Open Policies submenu Satisfactory Academic Progress Underloading Refund Policy and Return to Title IV Appeals Net Price Calculator Consumer Information Search Search Menu Close Costs Open Costs submenu Applying Open Applying submenu How It Works Open How It Works submenu Types of Aid Open Types of Aid submenu Loans Contact Us Forms & Publications Policies Open Policies submenu Appeals Net Price Calculator Consumer Information Costs Back On-Campus Cost of Attendance Off-Campus Cost of Attendance Graduate Student Cost of Attendance Applying for Aid Back How to Apply New Domestic Applicants: Restrictive Early Action New Domestic Applicants: Regular Decision New International Applicants: Restrictive Early Action New International Applicants: Regular Decision New International Applicants: Transfer or 3/2 Continuing Domestic Students Continuing International Students Domestic Graduate Students International Graduate Students Deadlines IDOC International Students How Financial Aid Works at Caltech Back Family Contribution Principles of Need Analysis Types of Aid Back Grants & Scholarships Caltech Scholarships Federal Grants State Grants Work-Study Loans Caltech Loan - Killgore Federal Stafford Loan Federal PLUS Loan Private Loans Loan Disclosure Outside Scholarships Veteran's Benefits Post 9/11 GI Bill Yellow Ribbon Program Financial Aid Policies Back Satisfactory Academic Progress Underloading Refund Policy and Return to Title IV Search Search Home / Costs On-Campus Cost of Attendance Related Pages Close Costs On-Campus Cost of Attendance Off-Campus Cost of Attendance Graduate Student Cost of Attendance The charts below list the estimated nine-month, full-time cost of attendance budgets that are generally applicable to: Caltech undergraduate students Enrolled full-time in the 2026-27 school year Living in Caltech-owned housing Direct Costs Direct costs are educational costs that are payable to Caltech. These are the costs that Caltech will bill you for before receiving any financial aid. Category On-Campus Tuition $68,574 Fees 1,2 2,655 Housing 12,711 Food/Meals 9,285 Total Direct Costs $93,225 Indirect Costs Indirect costs are educational costs that are not payable to Caltech. These costs are estimates of what a family may pay. Category On-Campus Books, Course Materials, Supplies, and Equipment 3 $1,428 Personal Expenses 3,969 Total Indirect Costs 4 $5,397 Cost of Attendance Summary The cost of attendance is an estimate of the total cost of attending school for one academic year. The cost of attendance includes some costs that Caltech does not bill your family for. Because of this, the cost of attendance is not the same as the bill you will receive from Caltech. The cost of attendance is a figure that is used to establish your eligibility for financial aid. To construct a financial aid offer, we add indirect costs into your total cost of attendance. This shows a more complete picture of the total cost of Caltech. Including indirect costs also increases the amount of financial aid a student receives. Footnotes 1 Fees do not include the Caltech Student Health Insurance Plan . Students are not required to purchase health insurance through Caltech provided they have coverage through a comparable plan. The plan will cost $5,388 for the 2026-27 school year-$1,796 per Insurance Term. Financial aid recipients who enroll in the Caltech Student Health Insurance Plan may request that the expense be added to their estimated cost of attendance by completing the Financial Aid Request for Caltech Student Health Insurance Plan form. Students will be offered grant assistance to cover the additional expense. 2 All entering undergraduate students are charged a one-time, $600 Orientation Fee in addition to the mandatory fees applicable to all undergraduate students. 3 A reasonable allowance for the purchase of a personal computer may be added to this estimated cost upon request. 4 A Travel Allowance to (partially) offset the cost of two roundtrips from a student's primary residence may be added to this estimated cost of attendance for U.S. Citizens or eligible non-citizens who reside in the US, associated US territories, Canada, or Mexico. California Institute of Technology 1200 East California Boulevard Pasadena, California 91125 Digital Accessibility | Privacy Notice | Site Content Copyright © 2026 | Log In