INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL AID STATEMENT OF INTENT Caltech offers admission to students based on their academic and personal strengths, as well as their accomplishments. Additionally, Caltech is committed to meeting the full demonstrated financial need of all admitted students. For U.S. citizens (including dual citizens) and U.S. Permanent Residents, Caltech is needblind, so admissions decisions do not take into consideration the student's ability to afford the cost of a Caltech education. For international citizens, however, Caltech is need-aware, because the total amount of financial aid funds is limited for these students, and we remain committed to meeting the demonstrated need of all admitted students. This limitation may result in financial need being a factor in the Institute's admissions decisions for international applicants who are neither U.S. citizens nor U.S. Permanent Residents. To that end, when a student applies for first-year admission and indicates that they are an international citizen, the application prompts questions to confirm their understanding of our financial aid policy. There is no separate form for this step; rather, the student must answer and affirm their understanding through the questions asked on the application. When a student is answering these questions on the application, they should keep in mind the following: • An international citizen who plans to apply for financial aid at any time during their undergraduate career here must apply for it at the time that they apply for admission. An international citizen who does not receive assistance for their first year at Caltech is not eligible for aid for any other academic period during their undergraduate career. This policy cannot be appealed and no exceptions will be granted at any time during their undergraduate career. International students not offered financial aid must have the ability to pay the full cost of a Caltech undergraduate education before committing to attend. Exceptions may be m ade for citizens of Canada and Mexico. • An international citizen who applies for aid and is offered financial assistance for the first year will be eligible to reapply for financial aid in subsequent years. • Financial aid is not available for international transfer or 3/2 applicants. International citizens who apply and are offered transfer admission or admission through the 3/2 program should expect to cover the full cost of attendance to Caltech without any assistance from the Institute. HOW TO APPLY FOR FINANCIAL AID (FIRST-YEAR APPLICANTS): 1. Apply for admission. International citizens may apply using either deadline: • Restrictive Early Action (November 1) • Regular Decision (January 4) 2. Submit the CSS PROFILE. Deadline: February 1 before the term of enrollment. 3. Submit Parents' Tax Return and Caltech Scholarship Data Form. Deadline: July 15 before the term of enrollment. If you have any questions about Caltech's financial aid policies, please visit www.finaid.caltech.edu or email finaid@caltech.edu.