skip to main content For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Undergraduate Admissions Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Academics Open Academics submenu Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Open Research submenu Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Open Student Life submenu Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Open Apply submenu Preparing for Caltech Open Preparing for Caltech submenu Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For Open What We Look For submenu How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Open First-Year Applicants submenu Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Open Transfer Applicants submenu Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Open 3/2 Program submenu Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Visit Campus Open Visit Campus submenu Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Open Explore More submenu Student & Alumni Stories Open Student & Alumni Stories submenu A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Menu Close Why Caltech Open Why Caltech submenu Apply Open Apply submenu Afford Visit & Connect Open Visit & Connect submenu Explore More Open Explore More submenu For Counselors Request Information Contact Us Why Caltech Back Academics Core Curriculum The First Year Majors & Minors Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Apply Back Preparing for Caltech Summer Preparation Academic Preparation Demonstrating STEM Preparedness Selecting High School Courses First-Generation Applicants General Advice What We Look For How We Review Faculty & the Admissions Process Class Profile First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Deadlines Academic Requirements for First-Year Applicants Supplemental Application Essays Application Fee & Waiver Standardized Tests Letters of Recommendation Supplemental Materials Verification of Submitted Materials International Applicants Homeschooled Applicants Admissions Release Time Riddles Transfer Applicants Transfer Deadlines Application Requirements Application Fee & Waiver Entrance Exams & Academic Preparation FAQ Supplemental Application Essays International Applicants 3/2 Program Application & Requirements Supplemental Application Essays FAQ QuestBridge Small Town and Rural Applicants Global Student Haven Initiative For Counselors Visit & Connect Back Visit Campus Fall Fly-in Program: Caltech Up Close Caltech Summer Preview: Women in STEM Connect Virtually Message from the Dean of Admissions Regional Admissions Counselors Contact Us Explore More Back Student & Alumni Stories A new home, close to home A force for change Epic fail, better recovery From telescopes in Sweden to astrophysics in California Thriving in STEM through community support Excelling in chemistry research as an undergraduate Building robots and mapping orbital trajectories Creating a Community for Black Students Exploring space as a computer science major Student Blog News Search Search Home / Why Caltech / Student Life / Housing Housing Related Pages Close Why Caltech Academics Core Curriculum Humanities and Social Sciences The First Year Majors & Minors Aerospace Applied and Computational Mathematics Applied Physics Astrophysics Bioengineering Biology Business, Economics, and Management Chemical Engineering Chemistry Computation and Neural Systems Computer Science Control and Dynamical Systems Economics Electrical Engineering Engineering and Applied Science Environmental Science and Engineering English Geological and Planetary Sciences History History and Philosophy of Science Information and Data Sciences Materials Science Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Neurobiology Philosophy Physics Political Science Robotics Structural Mechanics Visual Culture Cross Registration Academic Advising Research Undergraduate Research Entrepreneurship Student Life Honor Code Traditions & Pranks Housing Dining Clubs & Activities Study Abroad Life After Caltech About Caltech Learn more from Techers themselves! Read our student blog Related Caltech Housing Annual Security and Fire Safety Report If you were to ask any student on campus, "What is the best part of Caltech?," you will routinely hear, "The people." We welcome our undergraduates into close-knit, collaborative living and learning environments. Caltech guarantees housing and requires students to live on campus for the first two years of study. Most students decide to live on campus all four years. We have 11 residence halls on campus with a variety of living arrangements: singles, doubles, triples and suite-style living. There are eight traditional undergraduate Houses, as well as three unaffiliated (non-House) halls. All have common areas for students to mingle, socialize, dine, and work on problem sets together. Each carries its own unique traditions and activities. Students of all backgrounds and class years live together in community. They learn from and grow with each other and explore diverse perspectives, interests, and passions. Our residence halls also provide a strong support system. Each has health advocates, peer advisors, and Title IX advocates, as well as a Resident Associate. Some also include faculty in residence. There's always someone to talk to when students need of any kind of assistance--or just want to chat! The housing system also offers loads of opportunities to join student leadership. Techers plan and organize such special activities as study breaks, movie nights, traditional House activities, hiking and skiing trips, and field trips around L.A. All of our students are a part of the force that shapes the continuously growing landscape of Caltech undergraduate culture. Choosing Where to Live: Rotation You've probably heard that Caltech is a little different. That relates to how we do housing, too. We let you choose where to live, after you've actually seen the options and met a lot of Techers. When you arrive on campus for your first year, you'll be assigned a room in one of our residence halls temporarily. During first two weeks you'll have orientation, and classes will start. And you'll have the opportunity to participate in Rotation . This is how incoming students get to know our different residential communities. During this period, students are invited to visit each residence, meet the Techers who live there, join them for dinner and social activities, and experience what makes each space unique. All activities during Rotation are optional, and at the end of the process, students provide a ranked selection of where they would like to live for the year. Almost everyone gets assigned to one of their top choices, and no one is required to live in a residence that they don't like. At the end of each academic year, students can choose to either stay at the same residence or move to another community for the following year. Policy on Minimum Age for On-Campus Housing for Undergraduate Students Beginning in Fall 2023, Caltech will enact a minimum age policy for students living on campus. You must be 17 years of age by October 1 of the year you matriculate to live in on-campus housing during your first year at Caltech. Caltech is not able to assist families with finding off-campus housing. Other than the on-campus housing experience, students who are admitted to Caltech who will not be 17 by October 1 are able to fully engage in the academic and co-curricular experience at Caltech, including becoming a social member of a House. If you will be 17 by October 1 of your second year at Caltech, you will be eligible for on-campus housing that year. California Institute of Technology 1200 East California Boulevard Pasadena, California 91125 Digital Accessibility | Privacy Notice | Site Content Copyright © 2026 | Log In