FACULTY sTAFF STUDENTS PARENTS ABOUT KIMEP MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT License Management and Governance Testimonials Tenders CoVid-19 Update 3D Tour Financial Statements Special needs policy Publications ACADEMICS Bang College of Business College of Social Sciences College of Human Sciences and Education Law School School of Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Executive Education Center Library DPRK Strategic Research Center Special needs policy PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS Apply Online Admission Preparatory Courses TUITION AND FEES Financial Aid Important Events Fill out the form - we'll get in touch with you Special needs policy ORIENTATION E-Advising Orientation program Video Guides Orientation Webinars Frequently Asked Questions MOBILITY Current Students Student Portal Academic Calendar KIMEP Student Association Student Organizations Student Life TUITION AND FEES Career Center International Frequently asked Questions Special needs policy Alumni IRB IRB manual IRB application form PARTICIPANT INFORMATION SHEET IRB RESEARCH MONITORING REPORT PERMISSION TO CONDUCT RESEARCH Risk Evaluation Form CODE OF CONDUCT FOR RESEARCHERS INFORMED ASSENT FORM INFORMED CONSENT FORM Need help? Call Center +7 (727) 270 42 13 Email uao@kimep.kz Working hours: 9.00 am 7.00 pm, 4 Abai Avenue, Almaty, 050010 Order a call Order a call Your phone number: Date: Time: 10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30 12:00 12:30 13:00 13:30 14:00 14:30 15:00 15:30 16:00 16:30 17:00 17:30 18:00 Order a call A new version of the site has been discovered. Please update your browser cache. ✕ Internal tests, Interview, and exams KGET Test sample Results of tests and examinations administered by KIMEP University may be used only for the purposes of admission to KIMEP University and are only valid for one calendar year. KIMEP Graduate Entrance Test (KGET) can be taken two times only. Rules, periods and format of taking tests and examinations are set forth by the Office of Academic Affairs. Schedule and registration for tests are available in your applicant's portal. You will need to officially apply , receive student ID and register for the needed tests. Detailed info for registration can be found HERE Manual for taking an online interview for Master's programs Download file LLM Download file MEPM Download file MAFL Download file MAIJ Download file MIR Download file MPMA The Math Placement Test (only for students of the College of Computer Science and Mathematics) The test consists of 20 multiple-choice questions to be completed within 50 minutes. It includes topics from arithmetic, algebra, and geometry. The main topics are: Solving equations and systems of equations Inequalities and systems of inequalities (including those with absolute values) Exponential equations Trigonometric equations Finding domains (including functions with logarithms) Arithmetic and geometric progressions Perimeter and area of a triangle given its vertices Work-rate problems Motion problems (boat speed from upstream and downstream times) Maximum score - 20 Passing grade - 12 and above for Calculus I Passing grade - Below 12 for College Algebra The test is intended for students of the School of Computer Science and Mathematics enrolled in the Bachelor of Science in Computer Science (BSCS) program. KIMEP GRADUATE ENTRANCE TEST (KGET) Download the guide The KGET measures the applicants' problem-solving skills and their ability to think logically and critically.The test is given in English and it consists of 3 sections: Problem solving (there are 20 questions and the recommended time is 30 minutes) Data sufficiency (there are 20 questions and the recommended time is 40 minutes) Critical thinking (there are 10 questions and the recommended time is 20 minutes) Test takers have a maximum of 90 minutes to complete these 50 multiple-choice questions. Problem-solving is evaluated based upon mainly quantitative questions. This section tests the knowledge of arithmetic, elementary algebra, and common geometry. Data sufficiency questions consist of a question and two statements. The critical thinking section is composed of questions testing reading comprehension and critical reasoning. The KGET test covers a wide range of topics. Maximum score - 50 Passing grade - 15 for МВА, MACTA, MFIN programs Passing grade - 14 for MAE and MEPM programs Creative examinations for applicants to the Journalism (BAJ) program Download the manual Download the instruction Short description: The entrance essay is designed to enable the applicant to express his or her creative abilities in one of the chosen topics. The essay should be based on the applicant's life experience and personal views and not on literary sources. It should consist of an introduction, supporting paragraphs which develop the main idea, and a conclusion. Criteria used when evaluating the essay: Content - the ability to analyze the reality of a situation, as well as the ability to choose and use the correct facts - 8 points; Logic - the capacity to express clear and logical statements and ideas - 8 points; Structure - the ability to present an essay as a composition of multiple parts that will develop and articulate a clear idea(s) that are supported by logic and factual information - 8 points; Language - written clearly and thoughtfully, using a rich vocabulary - 8 points; Creativity - the essay should present a modern and interesting approach to the given topics - 8 points Download the guide and prepare for the entrance exam! Online interviews for international applicants Dear applicants, In accordance with the state Rules of Admission, approved by the Order # 600 of the Minister of Education and Science of the RK as of October 31, 2018, admission of international applicants to undergraduate programs is made provided that the internal exam called ONLINE INTERVIEW is taken. This exam is held in an offline mode, the deadline of taking the exam is August 24. Description Applicants should write a motivated answer of max 300 words to each of the questions asked. Sequence of steps to access the exam in an offline mode: Get authorized at your Applicant's Portal: https://www.kimep.kz/ext/application/online/en-US/ Enter the « INTERVIEW » section by pressing a " FILL IN " button Write your answers in the specific tab designed for each question Upon finishing, as soon as you will be ready to submit your answers for checking, press a " SUBMIT " button Results shall come up in the form of « PASS/FAIL » grade and will appear in your Applicant's Portal in « Admission status » section or at our web-site: https://kimep.kz/prospective-students/ru/admission/ Below is the picture of how the special exam looks in your applicant portal. Please contact Admissions Office if you have any other questions. Most sincerely, Admissions Office Telephone: +7 (727) 270 42 13, +7 (727) 2704248 Mobile: +7 707 170 42 13 E-mail addresses: uao@kimep.kz; gao@kimep.kz The special admission exam for "Pedagogical Sciences" education area. Download file Dear applicants to "Foreign Language: Two Foreign Languages" program, In accordance with the state Rules of Admission, approved by the Order # 600 of the Minister of Education and Science of the RK as of October 31, 2018, admission to "Foreign Language: Two Foreign Languages" program is made taking into account the results of a special exam.Following recommendation of the Ministry of Education and Science of the RK KIMEP University shall hold a special exam in an online mode. Description of the special exam Applicants should write a motivated essay of 300-400 words as an answer to one of questions asked. Essay should consist of three parts: Introduction In this section you will have to state the question you intend to answer. Body This section shall contain structured reasoned and logically connected paragraphs based on well-known facts. Conclusion This section should summarize the question raised and its main aspects. Sequence of steps to access the exam in an offline mode Последовательность шагов для доступа к экзамену в режиме офлайн: Get authorized at your Applicant's Portal: https://www.kimep.kz/ext/application/online/en-US/ Enter the « INTERVIEW » section by pressing a " FILL IN " button Write an essay in the specific tab designed for this Upon finishing, as soon as you will be ready to submit it for checking, press a " SUBMIT " button Results of your essay shall come up in the form of « PASS/FAIL » grade and will appear in your Applicant's Portal in « Admission status » section or at our web-site: https://kimep.kz/prospective-students/ru/admission/ Below is the picture of how the special exam looks in your applicant portal. Admission To get admitted to the program you will have to submit your authentic secondary school / vocational school diploma as well as your UNT certificate (if any) to the Recruitment and Admissions Office of KIMEP University by any of the following ways: Send the authentic documents via courier mail to the mailing address of Recruitment and Admissions Office of KIMEP University 050010, Republic of Kazakhstan, Almaty, Abai avenue 4, offices # 107, 103, 103А - Recruitment and Admissions Office of KIMEP University Bring the documents in person to the Recruitment and Admissions Office of KIMEP University - Valikhanov Building, offices # 103, 103 А , 107 KIMEP University admits to "Foreign Language: Two Foreign Languages" program the graduates of organizations of general secondary education that passed a UNT with a test result of at least 75 , including at least 5 scores for each subject. Please contact Admissions Office if you have any other questions. Most sincerely, Admissions Office Telephone: +7 (727) 270 42 13, +7 (727) 2704248 Mobile: +7 707 170 42 13 E-mail addresses: uao@kimep.kz; gao@kimep.kz Working hours: Monday - Friday, 8.30 am - 6.00 pm Social networks L-DRIVE HR and Job opportunities Sitemap 2 Abai Ave., Almaty 050010 Call-center: +7 (727) 270-43-14 Working hours: 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM