FACULTY sTAFF STUDENTS PARENTS ABOUT KIMEP MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT License Management and Governance Testimonials Tenders CoVid-19 Update 3D Tour Financial Statements Special needs policy Publications ACADEMICS Bang College of Business College of Social Sciences College of Human Sciences and Education Law School School of Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Executive Education Center Library DPRK Strategic Research Center Special needs policy PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS Apply Online Admission Preparatory Courses TUITION AND FEES Financial Aid Important Events Fill out the form - we'll get in touch with you Special needs policy ORIENTATION E-Advising Orientation program Video Guides Orientation Webinars Frequently Asked Questions MOBILITY Current Students Student Portal Academic Calendar KIMEP Student Association Student Organizations Student Life TUITION AND FEES Career Center International Frequently asked Questions Special needs policy Alumni IRB IRB manual IRB application form PARTICIPANT INFORMATION SHEET IRB RESEARCH MONITORING REPORT PERMISSION TO CONDUCT RESEARCH Risk Evaluation Form CODE OF CONDUCT FOR RESEARCHERS INFORMED ASSENT FORM INFORMED CONSENT FORM Need help? Call Center +7 (727) 270 42 13 Email uao@kimep.kz Working hours: 9.00 am 7.00 pm, 4 Abai Avenue, Almaty, 050010 Order a call Order a call Your phone number: Date: Time: 10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30 12:00 12:30 13:00 13:30 14:00 14:30 15:00 15:30 16:00 16:30 17:00 17:30 18:00 Order a call A new version of the site has been discovered. Please update your browser cache. ✕ Scholarships for newly admitted students Registration form (application) Funding opportunities Scholarships for prospective students Scholarships for current students Financial Aid Results 2026-2027 academic year All scholarships will be subject to a 38-credit limit. Scholarships for Psych Challenge Winners (BAP) Scholarship covers: 100% and 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 2 scholarships (100%) and 2 scholarships (50%) Citizenship: Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan Selection criteria: 2026 graduates of high schools or vocational schools applying to the "Psychology" study program Application deadline: June 30, 2026 Event Date: Tuesday July 14, 2026 Starting Time: 11:30 - 16:00 Location: KIMEP University Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered by the scholarship. Competition Format and Procedure The competition consists of two stages. All participants begin with Stage 1, which includes two assessment components. After a break, participants proceed to Stage 2, which includes a lecture and an essay. The second stage is designed to assess higher-order thinking, including the ability to apply knowledge and demonstrate critical analysis in psychology. 1. Stage 1: Initial Assessments (Total Duration: 2 Hours) 1.1 Multiple-Choice Exam (40 minutes) - Participants will complete a 50-question multiple-choice test covering a broad range of topics in psychology, as well as related fields such as social sciences, biology, and statistics. - This component evaluates participants' foundational academic knowledge relevant to the study of psychology. 1.2 Mathematical Challenge (40 minutes) - Participants will answer 20 mathematics questions, including elements of elementary calculus. - Pocket calculators are permitted. - Each question requires a written answer. - This component assesses analytical thinking and quantitative reasoning skills. 2. Break (1 Hour) 3. Stage 2: Lecture and Argumentative Essay (90 minutes) - All participants will attend a 30-minute lecture delivered by a psychology professor on a core topic in the field. - Participants may take notes during the lecture; these notes will not be graded. - Following the lecture, participants will have 60 minutes to write an argumentative essay based on the lecture topic and a provided prompt. - Essays must be handwritten and written in English. - Participants may use their notes during this stage. The essay will assess the participant's ability to: 1.Demonstrate knowledge of the topic 2.Apply psychological concepts 3.Think critically and analytically Evaluation - Multiple-Choice Exam: Assesses knowledge in psychology and related disciplines. A total score is calculated based on correct answers. - Mathematical Challenge: Assesses mathematical knowledge, logical reasoning, and accuracy of problem-solving. Essay Evaluation Criteria: • Global Structure (25%) - Logical organization and coherence of ideas; clear introduction, body, and conclusion; smooth flow between paragraphs. • Knowledge and Understanding (25%) - Accurate use and understanding of psychological theories and concepts. • Critical Evaluation (25%) - Use of evidence, depth of analysis, and demonstration of independent thinking. • Quality of Written Communication (25%) - Clarity, grammar, spelling, and effective academic writing. Result Announcement - All submissions will be reviewed after the competition. - Winners will be announced approximately two weeks after the event. How to apply: Please apply via the following registration link: PsychChallenge Telephone number: +7 (727) 270-43-68 (ext. 2263) Email: g.pluck@kimep.kz Scholarships for Cognitive Science Challenge Winners (BACS) Scholarship covers: 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 5 Citizenship: Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan Selection criteria: - 2026 high school graduates for the "Cognitive Science" study program - a completed application with the required documents - competition: Stage 1: Reading Comprehension (1 hour): multiple-choice test Stage 2: Argumentative essay writing (1.5 hours) Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: Registration is available at the following link: Register here. If you have any questions, please contact Nurbeine Kossylganova - nurbeine.k@kimep.kz ; +7 (727) 270-43-68 (ext. 2263). Application deadline: April 30, 2026 Scholarships for Cognitive Sciences (BACS) Scholarship covers: 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 5 Citizenship: Kazakhstan Selection criteria: - 2026 high school graduates for the "Cognitive Science" study program; - excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS Academic - 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section); TOEFL iBT - 3.5 (R 3.5; L 3; S 3; W 3); Duolingo - 95 (not lower than 90 in each section); CEFR - B2; Cambridge FCE - 160; LanguageCert Academic - 60; PTE Academic - 39); - interview; - high school GPA - 4.50 out of 5.00 (90%); - the highest UNT score with matched specialized subjects. Additional criteria: - "Altyn Belgi"; High School Diploma with Honors; - academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years; - other criteria as required by the Financial Aid Office (English level, high school GPA for grades 5-11/12, interview, etc.). Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the Scholarship Registration form . 2. Upload an electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 3. If you have IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/CEFR/Cambridge FCE/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates, upload valid copies. 4. Upload to the Registration form a copy of the certificate of general secondary education (attestat) with its supplement. 5. Upload the UNT certificate to the Registration form. 6. Upload to the Registration form copies of academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years (if available). Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Scholarships for Two Foreign Languages (BAFL) Scholarship covers: 60% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 25 Citizenship: Kazakhstan Selection criteria: - 2026 high school graduates for the "Two Foreign Languages" study program; - excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS Academic - 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section); TOEFL iBT - 3.5 (R 3.5; L 3; S 3; W 3); Duolingo - 95 (not lower than 90 in each section); CEFR - B2; Cambridge FCE - 160; LanguageCert Academic - 60; PTE Academic - 39); - high school GPA - 4.50 out of 5.00 (90%); - the highest UNT score with matched specialized subjects. Additional criteria: - "Altyn Belgi"; High School Diploma with Honors; - academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years; - other criteria as required by the Financial Aid Office (English level, high school GPA for grades 5-11/12, interview, etc.). Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the Scholarship Registration form . 2. Upload an electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 3. If you have IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/CEFR/Cambridge FCE/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates, upload valid copies. 4. Upload to the Registration form a copy of the certificate of general secondary education (attestat) with its supplement. 5. Upload the UNT certificate to the Registration form. 6. Upload to the Registration form copies of academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years (if available). Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Scholarships for Jurisprudence (BLLB) and International Law (BIL) Scholarship covers: 100% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 20 Citizenship: Kazakhstan Selection criteria: - applicants among 2025 and 2026 high school graduates, including transfer students and those who took a gap year, applying to the "International Law (BIL)" and "Jurisprudence (BLLB)" programs; - excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS Academic - 7.5; TOEFL iBT 5.5; TOEIC 835-900; CEFR or Cambridge Level C1/Advanced); - interview; - high school GPA; - UNT score with matched specialized subjects; Interview topics to be: 1. Motivation for and interest in becoming a lawyer; 2. Extracurricular activities, particularly related to public speaking/debate, access to justice and/or the rule of law; 3. Evidence of ability to take on and persevere in the completion of difficult challenges, especially in the case of hardship. 4. Address deficiencies in qualification- a dip in grades, a low UNT subject, lack of extracurricular activities, etc. 5. Other questions addressing leadership, potential life choices, ethical considerations, etc. Interviews in person except for candidates from outside Almaty proper, in which case online may be scheduled. Additional criteria: - "Altyn Belgi"; High School Diploma with Honors; - academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years; - other criteria as required by the Financial Aid Office (English level, high school GPA for grades 5-11/12, interview, etc.). Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.00 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the Scholarship Registration form . 2. Upload an electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 3. If you have IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/TOEIC/CEFR/Cambridge certificates, upload valid copies. 4. Upload to the Registration form a copy of the certificate of general secondary education (attestat) with its supplement. 5. Upload the UNT certificate to the Registration form. 6. Upload to the Registration form copies of academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years (if available). Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Scholarships for Information Systems (BISB) and Computer Science (BSCS) Scholarship covers: 100% and 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (non-extendable) Quantity: 2 per each program of study Citizenship: Kazakhstan Selection criteria: - 2026 high school graduates for "Information Systems (BISB)" and "Computer Science (BSCS)" study programs; - excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS Academic - 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section); TOEFL iBT - 3.5 (R 3.5; L 3; S 3; W 3); Duolingo - 95 (not lower than 90 in each section); CEFR - B2; Cambridge FCE - 160; LanguageCert Academic - 60; PTE Academic - 39); - high school GPA - 4.50 out of 5.00 (90%); - the highest UNT score with matched specialized subjects. Additional criteria: - "Altyn Belgi"; High School Diploma with Honors; - academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years; - other criteria as required by the Financial Aid Office (English level, high school GPA for grades 5-11/12, interview, etc.). Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the Scholarship Registration form . 2. Upload an electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 3. If you have IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/CEFR/Cambridge FCE/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates, upload valid copies. 4. Upload to the Registration form a copy of the certificate of general secondary education (attestat) with its supplement. 5. Upload the UNT certificate to the Registration form. 6. Upload to the Registration form copies of academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years (if available). Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Scholarships for BCB Case Study Winners Scholarship covers: 50%, 25% and 15% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (non-extendable) Quantity: 5 50% scholarships, 5 25% scholarships, and 5 15% scholarships Citizenship: Kazakhstan Selection criteria: - 2026 high school graduates, entering the programs "Accounting and Auditing (BACTA)", "Finance (BFIN)", "Management (BMGT)", "Marketing (BMKT)"; - Winners of the BCB Case Study Competition; Scholarships for citizens of Central Asian Countries Scholarship covers: 100% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 10 Citizenship: Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan Selection criteria: Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026) - high/vocational school graduates of 2025 and 2026; - excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS Academic - 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section); TOEFL iBT - 3.5 (R 3.5; L 3; S 3; W 3); Duolingo - 95 (not lower than 90 in each section); CEFR - B2; Cambridge FCE - 160; LanguageCert Academic - 60; PTE Academic - 39); - high/vocational school GPA (attestat) - 4.50 and above out of 5.00 (90%). Important! All grades listed on all pages of the document are taken into account. Additional criteria: - academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years; - other criteria as required by the Financial Aid Office (English level, high school GPA for grades 5-11/12, interview, etc.). Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.00 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the Scholarship Registration form . 2. Upload an electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 3. If you have IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/CEFR/Cambridge FCE/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates, upload valid copies. 4. Upload to the Registration form a copy of the certificate of general secondary education (attestat) with its supplement. 5. Upload to the Registration form copies of academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years (if available). Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) International Scholarship Scholarship covers: 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 10 Citizenship: non-Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan Selection criteria: - 2026 high/vocational school graduates; - excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS Academic - 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section); TOEFL iBT - 3.5 (R 3.5; L 3; S 3; W 3); Duolingo - 95 (not lower than 90 in each section); CEFR - B2; Cambridge FCE - 160; LanguageCert Academic - 60; PTE Academic - 39); - high/vocational school GPA - 4.50 out of 5.00 (90%). Important! All grades listed on all pages of the document are taken into account. Additional criteria: - academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years; - other criteria as required by the Financial Aid Office (English level, high school GPA for grades 5-11/12, interview, etc.). Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 after each semester; for the Jurisprudence (BLLB) and International Law (BIL) programs, maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.00 after each semester. - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the Scholarship Registration form . 2. Upload an electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 3. If you have IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/CEFR/Cambridge FCE/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates, upload valid copies. 4. Upload to the Registration form a copy of the certificate of general secondary education (attestat) with its supplement. 5. Upload to the Registration form copies of academic merits of national or international level within the recent 3 years (if available). Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) KAEF Scholarship Sponsor of Scholarship: KIMEP Alumni Endowment Fund Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: up to 10 Citizenship: Kazakhstan Application is here: kaefund.kz Application deadline: May 31, 2026. For more details, please visit the sponsor's website and social media pages. Instagram: @kaefund E-mail: kaefund@kimep.kz Scholarships will be subject to a 33-credit limit. Scholarships for the Master's Program "International Law" (MLLM) Scholarship covers: 100% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (non-extendable) Quantity: 1 Citizenship: any Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - CV; - Excellent English for MLLM (minimum IELTS 6.0 (not less than 5.0 in each section) / TOEFL IBT 4 / TOEFL (computer) 195 and above / Duolingo 110 / CEFR+ B2/B2 mid); - Submission of a 500-1000 word essay in English (the topic of the essay is available in the Registration form). Evaluated: idea, content and English level; - Portfolio: a) number of additional degree diplomas; Important! Professional retraining and advanced training diplomas are not considered, nor is a second diploma when awarding a double degree upon graduation. Studying in an Exchange Program is also not considered. b) work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.); c) number of professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines, etc.; Important! Only articles with academic content are considered d) certificates for extracurricular achievements. - Results of state program exams with "pass" option. Additional criteria may be defined if necessary. Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the scholarship Registration form . 2. Write an Essay. 3. Electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 4. IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/CEFR+ certificates if available. Students from KIMEP University and other universities with education in English are not exempt from this condition 5. All diplomas with the transcripts. 6. CV. 7. Documents verifying work experience. 8. Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines. 9. Copies of academic merits of national or international level for the recent 3 years (if available). Scholarship applications Evaluation Details The Scholarship distribution is based on the highest number of points out of 100, scored by evaluating all criteria. English Proficiency (maximum weight = 10%) Essay (maximum weight = 60%): Faculty members evaluate the uploaded essays for the content/idea giving 50% out of possible 60% and the rest 10% for English Portfolio (maximum weight = 30%): Number of additional degree diplomas: no = 0%; one and more = 6% Work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.): no = 0%; less than 1 year = 2%; from 1 to 2 years = 4%; from 2 to 3 years = 6%; 3 years and more = 8% Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; one = 4%; two and more = 8% Extracurricular achievements (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; 1 and more = 8% Important: In tie cases quality of publications and extracurricular achievements will be considered by Colleges. In case of necessity, additional criteria may be set (e.g. interview, etc.). Scholarships for Master's Programs of the Bang College of Business (BCB) Scholarship covers: 100% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (non-extendable) Quantity: 1 scholarship per program of study Citizenship: any Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - CV; - For applicants to the Bang College of Business programs: (Master of Business Administration (MBA), Master in Accounting and Audit (MACTA), Master in Finance (MFIN), Master in Management (MMGT), Master in Marketing (MMKT)) - excellent English for BCB (minimum IELTS 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section) / TOEFL IBT 3.5 / Duolingo 95+ ( ≥90 in each section) / PTE Academic 39+ / Cambridge FCE (B2 First) 160+ / Language Cert Academic 60); - Submission of a 500-1000 word essay in English (the topic of the essay is available in the Registration form). Evaluated: idea, content and English level; - Portfolio: a) number of additional degree diplomas; Important! Professional retraining and advanced training diplomas are not considered, nor is a second diploma when awarding a double degree upon graduation. Studying in an Exchange Program is also not considered. b) work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.); c) number of professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines, etc.; Important! Only articles with academic content are considered d) certificates for extracurricular achievements. - Results of state program exams with "pass" option. Additional criteria may be defined if necessary. Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the scholarship Registration form . 2. Write an Essay. 3. Electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 4. IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/Cambridge FCE (B2 First)/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates if available. Students from KIMEP University and other universities with education in English are not exempt from this condition 5. All diplomas with the transcripts. 6. CV. 7. Documents verifying work experience. 8. Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines. 9. Copies of academic merits of national or international level for the recent 3 years (if available). Scholarship applications Evaluation Details The Scholarship distribution is based on the highest number of points out of 100, scored by evaluating all criteria. English Proficiency (maximum weight = 10%) Essay (maximum weight = 60%): Faculty members evaluate the uploaded essays for the content/idea giving 50% out of possible 60% and the rest 10% for English Portfolio (maximum weight = 30%): Number of additional degree diplomas: no = 0%; one and more = 6% Work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.): no = 0%; less than 1 year = 2%; from 1 to 2 years = 4%; from 2 to 3 years = 6%; 3 years and more = 8% Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; one = 4%; two and more = 8% Extracurricular achievements (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; 1 and more = 8% Important: In tie cases quality of publications and extracurricular achievements will be considered by Colleges. In case of necessity, additional criteria may be set (e.g. interview, etc.). Scholarships for Master's Programs of the College of Social Sciences (CSS) Scholarship covers: 100% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 1.5 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 1 scholarship per program of study Citizenship: any Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - CV; - For applicants to the College of Social Sciences (CSS) programs: (Master of Economics - MAE, Master of International Journalism - MAIJ, Master of International Relations - MIR, Master of Public and Municipal Administration - MPMA) - excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section) / TOEFL IBT 3.5 / Duolingo 95+ ( ≥90 in each section) / PTE Academic 39+ / Cambridge FCE (B2 First) 160+ / Language Cert Academic 60); - Submission of a 500-1000 word essay in English (the topic of the essay is available in the Registration form). Evaluated: idea, content and English level; - Portfolio: a) number of additional degree diplomas; Important! Professional retraining and advanced training diplomas are not considered, nor is a second diploma when awarding a double degree upon graduation. Studying in an Exchange Program is also not considered. b) work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.); c) number of professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines, etc.; Important! Only articles with academic content are considered d) certificates for extracurricular achievements. - Results of state program exams with "pass" option. Additional criteria may be defined if necessary. Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the scholarship Registration form . 2. Write an Essay. 3. Electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 4. IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/Cambridge FCE (B2 First)/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates if available. Students from KIMEP University and other universities with education in English are not exempt from this condition 5. All diplomas with the transcripts. 6. CV. 7. Documents verifying work experience. 8. Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines. 9. Copies of academic merits of national or international level for the recent 3 years (if available). Scholarship applications Evaluation Details The Scholarship distribution is based on the highest number of points out of 100, scored by evaluating all criteria. English Proficiency (maximum weight = 10%) Essay (maximum weight = 60%): Faculty members evaluate the uploaded essays for the content/idea giving 50% out of possible 60% and the rest 10% for English Portfolio (maximum weight = 30%): Number of additional degree diplomas: no = 0%; one and more = 6% Work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.): no = 0%; less than 1 year = 2%; from 1 to 2 years = 4%; from 2 to 3 years = 6%; 3 years and more = 8% Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; one = 4%; two and more = 8% Extracurricular achievements (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; 1 and more = 8% Important: In tie cases quality of publications and extracurricular achievements will be considered by Colleges. In case of necessity, additional criteria may be set (e.g. interview, etc.). Scholarships for the Master's Program "Public and Municipal Administration" (MPMA) Scholarship covers: 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 1.5 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 4 Citizenship: any Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - CV; - Excellent English proficiency (minimum IELTS 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section) / TOEFL IBT 3.5 / Duolingo 95+ ( ≥90 in each section) / PTE Academic 39+ / Cambridge FCE (B2 First) 160+ / Language Cert Academic 60); - Submission of a 500-1000 word essay in English (the topic of the essay is available in the Registration form). Evaluated: idea, content and English level; - Portfolio: a) number of additional degree diplomas; Important! Professional retraining and advanced training diplomas are not considered, nor is a second diploma when awarding a double degree upon graduation. Studying in an Exchange Program is also not considered. b) work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.); c) number of professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines, etc.; Important! Only articles with academic content are considered d) certificates for extracurricular achievements. - Results of state program exams with "pass" option. Additional criteria may be defined if necessary. Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the scholarship Registration form . 2. Write an Essay. 3. Electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 4. IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/Cambridge FCE (B2 First)/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates if available. Students from KIMEP University and other universities with education in English are not exempt from this condition 5. All diplomas with the transcripts. 6. CV. 7. Documents verifying work experience. 8. Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines. 9. Copies of academic merits of national or international level for the recent 3 years (if available). Scholarship applications Evaluation Details The Scholarship distribution is based on the highest number of points out of 100, scored by evaluating all criteria. English Proficiency (maximum weight = 10%) Essay (maximum weight = 60%): Faculty members evaluate the uploaded essays for the content/idea giving 50% out of possible 60% and the rest 10% for English Portfolio (maximum weight = 30%): Number of additional degree diplomas: no = 0%; one and more = 6% Work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.): no = 0%; less than 1 year = 2%; from 1 to 2 years = 4%; from 2 to 3 years = 6%; 3 years and more = 8% Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; one = 4%; two and more = 8% Extracurricular achievements (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; 1 and more = 8% Important: In tie cases quality of publications and extracurricular achievements will be considered by Colleges. In case of necessity, additional criteria may be set (e.g. interview, etc.). Scholarships for the Master's Program "Psychology" (MSP) Scholarship covers: 75% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (A 25% tuition scholarship for the second year, contingent upon the student maintaining a cumulative GPA of 4.0 or higher.) Quantity: 15 Citizenship: any Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - CV; - Excellent English proficiency(minimum IELTS 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section) / TOEFL IBT 3.5 / Duolingo 95+ ( ≥90 in each section) / PTE Academic 39+ / Cambridge FCE (B2 First) 160+ / Language Cert Academic 60); - Submission of a 500-1000 word essay in English (the topic of the essay is available in the Registration form). Evaluated: idea, content and English level; - Portfolio: a) number of additional degree diplomas; Important! Professional retraining and advanced training diplomas are not considered, nor is a second diploma when awarding a double degree upon graduation. Studying in an Exchange Program is also not considered. b) work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.); c) number of professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines, etc.; Important! Only articles with academic content are considered d) certificates for extracurricular achievements. - Results of state program exams with "pass" option. Additional criteria may be defined if necessary. Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the scholarship Registration form . 2. Write an Essay. 3. Electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 4. IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/Cambridge FCE (B2 First)/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates if available. Students from KIMEP University and other universities with education in English are not exempt from this condition 5. All diplomas with the transcripts. 6. CV. 7. Documents verifying work experience. 8. Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines. 9. Copies of academic merits of national or international level for the recent 3 years (if available). Scholarship applications Evaluation Details The Scholarship distribution is based on the highest number of points out of 100, scored by evaluating all criteria. English Proficiency (maximum weight = 10%) Essay (maximum weight = 60%): Faculty members evaluate the uploaded essays for the content/idea giving 50% out of possible 60% and the rest 10% for English Portfolio (maximum weight = 30%): Number of additional degree diplomas: no = 0%; one and more = 6% Work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.): no = 0%; less than 1 year = 2%; from 1 to 2 years = 4%; from 2 to 3 years = 6%; 3 years and more = 8% Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; one = 4%; two and more = 8% Extracurricular achievements (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; 1 and more = 8% Important: In tie cases quality of publications and extracurricular achievements will be considered by Colleges. In case of necessity, additional criteria may be set (e.g. interview, etc.). Best Research Paper Award Scholarship covers: 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (non-extendable) Quantity: 1 Citizenship: any Application deadline: April 1, 2026 inclusively Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - Winning the competition for the best research paper; Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: Application submission is closed. Scholarships for the Master's program "Educational Policy and Management" (MEPM) Scholarship covers: 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (non-extendable) Quantity: 1 Citizenship: Republic of Kazakhstan Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - CV; - Excellent English proficiency(minimum IELTS 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section) / TOEFL IBT 3.5 / Duolingo 95+ ( ≥90 in each section) / PTE Academic 39+ / Cambridge FCE (B2 First) 160+ / Language Cert Academic 60); - Submission of a 500-1000 word essay in English (the topic of the essay is available in the Registration form). Evaluated: idea, content and English level; - Portfolio: a) number of additional degree diplomas; Important! Professional retraining and advanced training diplomas are not considered, nor is a second diploma when awarding a double degree upon graduation. Studying in an Exchange Program is also not considered. b) work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.); c) number of professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines, etc.; Important! Only articles with academic content are considered d) certificates for extracurricular achievements. - Results of state program exams with "pass" option. Additional criteria may be defined if necessary. Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the scholarship Registration form . 2. Write an Essay. 3. Electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 4. IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/Cambridge FCE (B2 First)/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates if available. Students from KIMEP University and other universities with education in English are not exempt from this condition 5. All diplomas with the transcripts. 6. CV. 7. Documents verifying work experience. 8. Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines. 9. Copies of academic merits of national or international level for the recent 3 years (if available). Scholarship applications Evaluation Details The Scholarship distribution is based on the highest number of points out of 100, scored by evaluating all criteria. English Proficiency (maximum weight = 10%) Essay (maximum weight = 60%): Faculty members evaluate the uploaded essays for the content/idea giving 50% out of possible 60% and the rest 10% for English Portfolio (maximum weight = 30%): Number of additional degree diplomas: no = 0%; one and more = 6% Work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.): no = 0%; less than 1 year = 2%; from 1 to 2 years = 4%; from 2 to 3 years = 6%; 3 years and more = 8% Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; one = 4%; two and more = 8% Extracurricular achievements (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; 1 and more = 8% Important: In tie cases quality of publications and extracurricular achievements will be considered by Colleges. In case of necessity, additional criteria may be set (e.g. interview, etc.). Scholarships for the Master's program "Foreign Languages" (MAFL) Scholarship covers: 60% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 15 Citizenship: Republic of Kazakhstan Application deadline: July 12, 2026 (inclusive) Important! Currently enrolled KIMEP students are not eligible (with the registration in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026). Except for KIMEP graduating undergraduate students applying for graduate programs Selection criteria: - CV; - Excellent English proficiency(minimum IELTS 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section) / TOEFL IBT 3.5 / Duolingo 95+ ( ≥90 in each section) / PTE Academic 39+ / Cambridge FCE (B2 First) 160+ / Language Cert Academic 60); - Submission of a 500-1000 word essay in English (the topic of the essay is available in the Registration form). Evaluated: idea, content and English level; - Portfolio: a) number of additional degree diplomas; Important! Professional retraining and advanced training diplomas are not considered, nor is a second diploma when awarding a double degree upon graduation. Studying in an Exchange Program is also not considered. b) work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.); c) number of professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines, etc.; Important! Only articles with academic content are considered d) certificates for extracurricular achievements. - Results of state program exams with "pass" option. Additional criteria may be defined if necessary. Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per indicated semester; - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.50 (for MBA - minimum 3.67); - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the scholarship: 1. Fill out the scholarship Registration form . 2. Write an Essay. 3. Electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 4. IELTS Academic/TOEFL iBT/Duolingo/Cambridge FCE (B2 First)/LanguageCert Academic/PTE Academic certificates if available. Students from KIMEP University and other universities with education in English are not exempt from this condition 5. All diplomas with the transcripts. 6. CV. 7. Documents verifying work experience. 8. Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines. 9. Copies of academic merits of national or international level for the recent 3 years (if available). Scholarship applications Evaluation Details The Scholarship distribution is based on the highest number of points out of 100, scored by evaluating all criteria. English Proficiency (maximum weight = 10%) Essay (maximum weight = 60%): Faculty members evaluate the uploaded essays for the content/idea giving 50% out of possible 60% and the rest 10% for English Portfolio (maximum weight = 30%): Number of additional degree diplomas: no = 0%; one and more = 6% Work experience confirmed by official document (confirmation certificate from a workplace, employment record, etc.): no = 0%; less than 1 year = 2%; from 1 to 2 years = 4%; from 2 to 3 years = 6%; 3 years and more = 8% Professional publications in academic journals and professional magazines (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; one = 4%; two and more = 8% Extracurricular achievements (to be confirmed - valid or not valid): no = 0%; 1 and more = 8% Important: In tie cases quality of publications and extracurricular achievements will be considered by Colleges. In case of necessity, additional criteria may be set (e.g. interview, etc.). Financial Aid for Siblings and Family Members, KIMEP Alumni, and Students from the Business Sector Financial aid for KIMEP alumni Financial aid covers: 20% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the financial aid Duration: for the entire study period Citizenship: any Eligibility criteria: - study at KIMEP graduate program; - student should be a graduate of KIMEP degree program (undergraduate, graduate, PhD). Application process for financial aid via email: finaid@kimep.kz Financial aid for siblings and family members Financial aid covers: 10% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by financial aid Duration: for the entire period of study upon condition of simultaneously study Citizenship: any Eligibility criteria: - spouse, children, siblings, parents simultaneously studied at KIMEP graduate program. Note: if two current students from the same family are attending KIMEP, two of them will be offered 10% coverage of tuition. Application process for financial aid via email: finaid@kimep.kz Financial aid for students from the business sector Financial aid covers: 10%-20% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by financial aid Duration: for the entire study period Citizenship: any Eligibility criteria: - to be officially employed. Note: a. If three and more full-time students come from one company, they will receive 20% coverage of tuition. b. If a full-time student comes from partner companies' employers, he/she will receive 10% coverage of tuition. Application process: application process for financial aid by letters from Corporate Development Department and employment certificate Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - overall GPA after semester minimum 3.00; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 1. If the applicant falls under two or more categories, the combined financial aid cannot exceed 30%. 2. The awarded students should follow the rules and regulations set by the Financial Aid Office. 3. The Corporate Development Department is responsible for providing, verifying and updating the list of partner companies whose employees will be eligible for financial aid. Appendix 1. An example of the distribution of combined financial aid # First category Second category Total 1 FA for KIMEP alumni - 20% FA for students from the business sector b) - 10% 30% 2 FA for siblings and family members - 10% FA for KIMEP alumni - 20% 30% 3 FA for students from the business sector a) - 20% FA for siblings and family members - 10% 30% 4 FA for students from the business sector a) - 20% FA for students from the business sector b) - 10% 30% 5 FA for siblings and family members - 10% FA for students from the business sector b) - 10% 20% Kazenergy Association Scholarship Sponsor of Scholarship: Kazenergy Association Scholarship covers: 100% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 2026-2027 academic year (non-extendable) Quantity: total ~30~35 for current and newly admitted undergraduate and graduate students Citizenship: Kazakhstan Application deadline: August 31, 2026 Application is here: application form Statement (spravka) for applying: Freshmen can apply for a consolidated admission and tuition fee certificate for the 2026-2027 academic year only after their official enrollment at the university. Before applying, freshmen must contact the KIMEP Student Learning Support Center using the contacts provided at this link to obtain the recommended number of credits per semester based on KIMEP E-Advising information. Please note that you no longer need to send your request via email, as applications are now accepted exclusively online via the following link: link You must provide the following details in the form: -Full Name (exactly as stated in your official government ID/passport); -Student ID number; -A scanned copy of your ID or passport; -The number of credits you plan to take in each semester: Fall 2026, Spring 2027, and Summer 2027. The certificate will be sent to your email address within 3 working days after submitting the application. If you have any questions regarding the certificates, please contact us at: cdd@kimep.kz Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - withdrawn courses are not covered. Application deadline: July - August (see details on the sponsor's website) Contact phone (Kazenergy): 8(7172)794975 E-mail: candidate@kazenergy.com Website: kazenergy.com Scholarships for the Winners of the Intellectual Olympiad Scholarships cover: 100% and 50% coverage of tuition Important! Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.), are not covered by the scholarship Duration: 4 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 15 with 100% and 15 with 50% tuition Citizenship: any Selection criteria: 2026 graduates of Kazakhstan high/vocational school Date: March 29, 2026 (Sunday) Starting time: 10.00 Location: KIMEP University Application deadline: March 15, 2026 inclusively This information is intended for applicants entering the programs of the following Colleges: - Bang College of Business - College of Social Sciences - College of Education and Humanities - School of Computer Science and Mathematics For applicants of "International Law" and "Jurisprudence" , an Olympiad will be held in the form of a Debate Tournament . Important! You can take part in only one of the events - either the Debate Tournament or the Intellectual Olympiad Criteria for maintaining this scholarship throughout the entire period: - keep full-time status in Fall and Spring semesters - register for at least 4 courses or 12 credits per indicated semester; - maintain a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 after each semester; - retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered. How to apply for the KIMEP Intellectual Olympiad: 1. Fill out the Scholarship Registration form . 2. Upload an electronic copy of the identity card/passport. 3. Upload a copy of the certificate from the school/college, which confirms graduation (11/12). 4. Upload a valid certificate of IELTS Academic, TOEFL iBT, Duolingo, CEFR, Cambridge FCE (B2 First), LanguageCert Academic or PTE Academic. 5. Check the status of your application in the Registration Form in the "Account" link, "Status Application" tab, and also expect a letter from us (finaid@kimep.kz) within 2-3 weeks after filling out/updating your application. Participants with incomplete application will not be allowed to participate in the Olympiad PROCEDURE OF OLYMPIAD The Intellectual Olympiad will be conducted on KIMEP University campus and will consist of 2 stages: Stage 1. English Proficiency Until March 15 (inclusively) participants should provide international certificates of IELTS Academic, TOEFL iBT, Duolingo, CEFR, Cambridge FCE (B2 First), LanguageCert Academic or PTE Academic. Passing score for the second stage: IELTS Academic - 5.5 (not less than 5.0 in each section); TOEFL iBT - 3.5 (R 3.5; L 3; S 3; W 3); Duolingo - 95 (not less than 90 in each section); CEFR - B2; Cambridge FCE - 160; LanguageCert Academic - 60; PTE Academic - 39. Students who have scored passing points will be invited to the second stage of the Olympiad. Stage 2. Math Exam / World History and History of Kazakhstan / World History and Translation studies, language teaching and learning Important! All exams will be held on March 29, 2026 in Almaty on KIMEP University campus Math Exam The Olympiad participants applying for "Management", "Marketing", "Finance", "Accounting and Audit", "Information Systems", "Computer Science", "Economics" will take Math Exam. Exam duration: 2 hours Exam participants are evaluated based on the results of solving mathematical tasks. The proposed mathematical tasks are not standard and can be compared with classical tasks of the Olympiad type. Competitors are expected to demonstrate their logical and analytical thinking. Exam structure: Competitors will be given six Mathematics problems to solve. They consist of: - 2 easy problems, based on high school program (worth 10 points each); - 2 medium problems using logical thinking (worth 15 points each); - 2 advanced problems of Olympiad level (worth 25 points each). The maximum score for the Math Exam is 100 points. Evaluation criteria: The Organizing Committee will make decisions regarding each competitor's grades in mathematics. Competitors in the field of mathematics are expected to provide full detailed solutions and answers to the problems they were asked in their paper. Original and creative solutions will be encouraged and appreciated. To prepare for the Mathematics Exam , you can use the following sources: 1) pdf-file in Russian "Collection of tasks in Mathematics for those entering the technical universities under the editorship of M.I.Skanavi" with answers inside; 2) pdf-file in Russian "Collection of tasks for a written examination in Mathematics for the course of secondary school. 11 grade. G.V.Dorofeev". Answers to the collection in Russian here ; 3) pdf-file in Russian "Mathematical olympiads for schoolchildren. I.S.Petrakov" with answers inside; 4) pdf-file in Russian "The tasks of mathematical olympiads. I.L.Babinskaya" with the answers inside; 5) Any other sources of such manual. World History and History of Kazakhstan Exam The Olympiad participants applying for "International Relations", "Journalism", "Public and Municipal Administration", "Psychology", "Cognitive Sciences", "Political Science" will take World History and History of Kazakhstan Exam. Exam duration: 2 hours Exam structure: 1. Multiple choice test , includes 30 questions about World History. The total amount of points is equal to 30. To prepare for the World History Exam , you can use the following textbook "The World History. Social and humanitarian direction. Part 2. R.R.Kairbekova" - pdf-file in Russian . 2. Writing essay in English . The essay must be written in at least 500 words. Correct spelling and grammar are taken into account. The maximum score for an essay is 70 points. Essay writing is divided into the following stages: - Brief introduction: it should contain justification(s) of the relevance of the chosen topic; - it should present the argument of your essay to the reader. - Main part: it would answer in an organized and logical way the questions as part of the topic; it must persuade and convince the reader (and marker) that you understand the topic well. Every sentence and every paragraph should be relevant to the question, and provide a step-by-step link in the development of the argument. - Conclusion: it should summarize the main points and arguments of the essay. Essay topics for the History of Kazakhstan: General topic is: Kazakhstan in a World of Global Change Subtopics: will be given during the exam World History and Translation studies, language teaching and learning The Olympiad participants applying for "Translation Studies", "Foreign Language: Two Foreign Languages" will take Exam of World History and Translation studies, language teaching and learning Exam duration: 2 hours Exam structure: 1. Multiple choice test , includes 30 questions about World History. The total amount of points is equal to 30. To prepare for the World History Exam , you can use the following textbook "The World History. Social and humanitarian direction. Part 2. R.R.Kairbekova" - pdf-file in Russian . 2. Writing essay in English . The essay must be written in in 250 to 500 words. The maximum score for an essay is 70 points. Essay topics for Exam: General topic is: related to translation studies, language teaching and learning Subtopics: will be given during the exam The finished essay should be in line with the following requirements: 1. Is the introduction short, clear and corresponds to the topic? 2. Do you formulate one main and clear idea in each paragraph? 3. Are the paragraphs represented in a logical sequence? 4. What arguments do you use to support your ideas? 5. Do you acknowledge opposite opinions? 6. Do you avoid repetitions and generalizations? 7. Is your conclusion brief and relevant to the topic? 8. Do you use appropriate grammar, vocabulary, and punctuation? Important! The essay should reflect the author's personal experience, opinion, and background knowledge on the topic. Evaluation criteria: The essays will be assessed according to the IELTS Writing Task 2 Band Descriptors (public version). Suggested Literature for Preparation: 1. Academic Writing from Paragraph to Essay, 2010, by Dorothy E Zemach; Lisa Rumisek 2. Engaging Writing 2: Essential Skills for Academic Writing, 2nd Edition, 2011, by Mary Fitzpatrick 3. Essay Writing For English Tests, 2001, by Gabi Duigu 4. Writing High School Essays With Advanced English Grammar: Book 2, 2016, by Quek Boon Chuan 5. Writing Essays: A guide for students in English and the humanities, 2015, by Richard Marggraf Turley SUMMARIZING AND AWARDING OF PARTICIPANTS Results will be announced: early May - The Organizing Committee of the Olympiad distributes scholarships based on the exam scores. - In case of getting the same score, the Organizing Committee can apply additional criteria (English score, interview, etc). - The KIMEP Olympiad provides for a 100% scholarship for the 1st place winner and a 50% scholarship for the 2nd place winner. - Candidates who received less than 50% for the exam, can not be awarded a scholarship. - The waiting list will be formed in case of scholarship's redistribution. Only candidates with a total score of 50% or higher are included in the waiting list. - The scholarship is provided for the study of a program that is indicated in applicant's Olympiad Registration form. - Awarded students cannot change their study program, otherwise their grant will be canceled. - The winners of the Olympiad are required to fulfill the admission requirements prescribed by the rules of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Kazakhstan, as well as the internal admission policy of KIMEP University, including the UNT with the appropriate Specialized Subjects. Scholarships for the Winners of the Debate Tournament For applicants of "International Law" and "Jurisprudence" , an Olympiad will be held in the form of a Debate Tournament . Important! You can take part in only one of the events - either the Debate Tournament or the Intellectual Olympiad PhD scholarships Scholarship covers: 100% coverage of tuition Important! The scholarship includes a stipend and is awarded under Grade A or Grade B categories in accordance with the established criteria. Deposits and fees (accommodation and library), as well as compulsory fees (student, medical, etc.) are not covered by the scholarship Student Obligation: 1)During the 1st year: to work as a Research Assistant 20 hours/week; 2)During the 2nd and 3rd years, work a minimum of 10 hours/week as a Research Assistant and teach (1 course) a minimum of 10 hours/week. Minimum of 4 courses in the 2nd and 3rd year, including 1st course as a Teaching Assistant/ co-teacher. Duration: 3 academic years (non-extendable) Quantity: 2 scholarships per each PhD program. Scholarships are not available for the PhD program in «Public Administration». Citizenship: any Application deadline: First priority: May 16, 2026; Second priority: June 5, 2026 for "Accounting and Auditing", "Finance", "Management", "Marketing" June 13, 2026 for "Economics", "Education Policy and Management" The scholarship distribution process is conducted simultaneously with the admissions process. The Committee, while considering your candidacy for admission, may also recommend you for a scholarship. Please ask all questions regarding the scholarship and obligations during your admission interview. Detailed information about admission process for PhD is available at the link Criteria for maintaining the scholarship throughout the entire study period: - Maintain full-time status in the Fall and Spring semesters (register for at least 3 courses or 9 credits per semester); - Achieve a minimum overall GPA of 3.50 at the end of each semester; - Retaken and withdrawn courses are not covered by the scholarship; How to apply for the scholarship: Accounting and Auditing Finance Management Marketing For detailed information please contact Tashanova Lazzat, BCB employee: E-mail: bcb-graduate@kimep.kz Contact phone: +7 (727) 270-44-40 (ext 2356) Economics Public Administration For detailed information about PhD in Economics please contact Dr. Eldar Madumarov, CSS faculty: E-mail: madumarov@kimep.kz Contact phone: +7 (727) 270-42-71 (ext 3071) For detailed information about PhD in Public Administration please contact CSS employee: E-mail: css_coordinator@kimep.kz Contact phone: +7 (727) 270-42-12 (ext 3266) Education Policy and Management For detailed information please contact Dr. Maganat Shegebayev, CHE faculty: E-mail: magas@kimep.kz Contact phone: +7 (727) 270-43-67 (ext 2137) Social networks L-DRIVE HR and Job opportunities Sitemap 2 Abai Ave., Almaty 050010 Call-center: +7 (727) 270-43-14 Working hours: 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM