FACULTY sTAFF STUDENTS PARENTS ABOUT KIMEP MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT License Management and Governance Testimonials Tenders CoVid-19 Update 3D Tour Financial Statements Special needs policy Publications ACADEMICS Bang College of Business College of Social Sciences College of Human Sciences and Education Law School School of Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Executive Education Center Library DPRK Strategic Research Center Special needs policy PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS Apply Online Admission Preparatory Courses TUITION AND FEES Financial Aid Important Events Fill out the form - we'll get in touch with you Special needs policy ORIENTATION E-Advising Orientation program Video Guides Orientation Webinars Frequently Asked Questions MOBILITY Current Students Student Portal Academic Calendar KIMEP Student Association Student Organizations Student Life TUITION AND FEES Career Center International Frequently asked Questions Special needs policy Alumni IRB IRB manual IRB application form PARTICIPANT INFORMATION SHEET IRB RESEARCH MONITORING REPORT PERMISSION TO CONDUCT RESEARCH Risk Evaluation Form CODE OF CONDUCT FOR RESEARCHERS INFORMED ASSENT FORM INFORMED CONSENT FORM Need help? Call Center +7 (727) 270 42 13 Email uao@kimep.kz Working hours: 9.00 am 7.00 pm, 4 Abai Avenue, Almaty, 050010 Order a call Order a call Your phone number: Date: Time: 10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30 12:00 12:30 13:00 13:30 14:00 14:30 15:00 15:30 16:00 16:30 17:00 17:30 18:00 Order a call A new version of the site has been discovered. Please update your browser cache. ✕ Funding opportunities Registration form (application) Funding opportunities Scholarships for prospective students Scholarships for current students Financial Aid Results Methods of KIMEP University Tuition Payment You can find all KIMEP University tuition fees on link "Tuition Fees" . Student tuition payments can either be made by students themselves or by third parties (parents, relatives, sponsors and others). Fixed tuition In the event of onetime payment for the whole period of study at the time of signing of a contract (upon admission to KIMEP University), tuition cost remains unchanged until the end of study. Exceptions are retakes courses and registration for additional classes outside of a study program. In this case payment is made under the price in effect at the time of registration for a course. Payments based on registration The amount of payment for semester depends on the number of credits that the student is going to take in particular semester. 3 installments payment In Fall and Spring semesters student can pay by 3 installments by a certain date indicated in the Academic Calendar . Individual Payment Plan An Individual Payment Plan is provided in case of unforeseen circumstances that have recently occurred. Possibility to apply for Individual payment plan for semester considered by request and financial documents that submitted to the Financial Aid Office. This option is not available for newly admitted students and for current students for their last semester. This option is not available for students with status of "Academic Probation - AP". Payment via bank cash department and bank transfers Payments are possible at any second level bank. You can find the bank details of KIMEP University in the pdf-file "Bank details" . Online payment Online payments is possible through the online-application (web-site) of any bank that have function of online payment for tuition at Universities (Homebank, Kaspi and others). "The National Fund to the Children" from Otbasy Bank As per this program, 50% of the National Fund's annual investment income will be allocated to targeted savings accounts for Kazakhstani children until they reach the age of 18. These funds will be accessible for two purposes: improving living conditions and funding education. The Bank serves as an authorized entity for opening special accounts for children upon reaching the age of 18 in order to facilitate the use of funds accrued from the National Fund. Additionally, the Bank has joined the State Educational Savings (SESS) and offers the educational savings deposit - AQYL. The objective of the AQYL deposit is to accumulate funds for education, both for your children and for yourself. It enables payments for education in Kazakhstani or foreign educational institutions. Detailed information can be found on hcsbk.kz or to toll-free: 8 800 080 18 80. Education Loan «Financial Center» JSC acts as a guarantor on behalf of a student before partner banks in obtaining educational loans on favorable terms. Detailed information can be found on fincenter.kz or to toll-free: 8 800 080 28 28. Trilateral Agreements Trilateral agreements are signed between sponsoring company, student and KIMEP University. This widespread option is used by companies wanting their employees to take full advantages of KIMEP University education. Trilateral agreement is the best way for a company to invest in personnel training. KIMEP "Work and Study" program for current students KIMEP University provides all students with the opportunity to work on part-time basis (10-30 hours per week) as assistants in the administrative and academic departments of the University. The exception: 1st year undergraduate students are not eligible for part-time work. - office assistant; - research assistant; - graduate assistant; - peer tutor. Social networks L-DRIVE HR and Job opportunities Sitemap 2 Abai Ave., Almaty 050010 Call-center: +7 (727) 270-43-14 Working hours: 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM