1 AREA CAMPUS LIFE Il Dirigente MERIT BASED INTERNATIONAL SCHOLARSHIPS AWARDING APPLICATION CALL FOR THE ACADEMIC YEAR 2026-2027 Art. 1 - Availability, amount, type, and target of the scholarships The scholarships offered through this Call for Application are the following: - n. 10 Platinum Scholarships - Milan; - n. 18 Gold Scholarships - Milan; - n. 16 Gold Piacenza Campus Scholarships; - n. 10 Bronze Piacenza Campus Scholarships; - n. 10 Silver Cremona, Lecco, Mantova, Piacenza Campuses Scholarships. All Merit Based International Scholarships include a tuition fee waiver for the entire academic year which they are assigned for. Art. 1 - 1 - Platinum and Gold Scholarships The amount of the Platinum Scholarships is € 10,000 gross. The amount of the Gold Scholarships is € 8,000 gross. All international students who apply to the first year of Master of Science programs taught in English on Milano Leonardo or on Milano Bovisa Campuses for the academic year 2026-2027 are eligible to apply for these scholarships. Art. 1 - 2 - Gold Piacenza Campus Scholarships The amount of the Gold Piacenza Campus Scholarships is € 5,000 gross. 2 All international students who apply to the first year of Master of Science programs in Sustainable Architecture and Landscape Design or Energy Engineering (Renewables and Environmental Sustainability RES) taught in English on Piacenza Campus for the academic year 202 6-2027 are eligible to apply for these scholarships. Art. 1 - 3 - Bronze Piacenza Campus Scholarships The amount of the Bronze Piacenza Campus Scholarships is € 2,500 gross. All international students who apply to the first year of Master of Science program in Mechanical Engineering ( Mechatronics for Manufacturing ) taught in English on Piacenza Campus for the academic year 2026-2027 are eligible to apply for these scholarships. Art. 1 - 4 - Silver Cremona, Lecco, Mantova, Piacenza Campuses Scholarships The Silver Scholarships are tuition fee waiver for the entire academic year which they are assigned for. All international students who apply to the first year of Master of Science programs taught in English on Cremona, Lecco, Mantova or Piacenza Campuses for the academic year 202 6-2027 are eligible to apply for these scholarships. Art. 2 - How to apply Only students who have submitted their admission application during the Early Bird to the first year of a Master of Science program taught in English, paying the application fee between October 1 st 2025 and December 1 st 2025, are eligible to participate in this Call. The application to Merit Based International Scholarships must be submitted mandatory from October 15th 2025 and until noon (Italian time) of December 15th 2025 through Politecnico di Milano Online Services. This is the path to follow: 3 Benefits and Agreements > Economic benefits > Scholarships for International Master of Science Students a.y. 2026-2027 No other method of application will be accepted under penalty of disqualification. Art. 3 - Assignation Scholarships are awarded by a specific Commission, nominated through an Executive Decree of the Head of Campus Life Area. The Vice Rector for Politecnico di Milano's International Relations and the Heads of Schools or their delegates are members of the Commission. In order to be considered by the Commission for scholarships awarding purpose, students must be admitted to their study program, accept their positive evaluation outcome and, provide a valid English language certificate by the deadlines defined on the website. The English language certificate will be conveniently confirmed. The Commission will consider in the evaluation parameters such as gender equality, country of origin, and the candidates' age ( prioritizing the youngest candidates in case of equivalence of the above-mentioned requirements). Art. 3.1 - Notification of the outcome The outcome will be notified on the application. Students will receive an notification email informing them that they have a message to read. Art. 3.2 - Acceptance In order to accept their scholarship, recipients are required to follow the instruction provided by the Student Affairs Unit by email and to pay an administrative fee of approximat ely 170€ by the deadlines specified in the assignation email. If the administrative fee is not paid by the deadline, the scholarship will be considered not accepted. Therefore, recipients have to enroll in the academic year which the scholarship is assigned for by the specified deadlines. 4 If recipients do not enroll in the academic year which the scholarship was assigned for, they will lose their scholarship, even if previously accepted. Art. 4 - Payment In order to receive the amount of the scholarship, recipients have to upload their IBAN code , if not already uploaded, on their Online Services . This is the path to follow: Data > Management of payment methods In detail, the IBAN must be linked to: - an Italian bank account or in any case to one belonging to SEPA Area (Single Euro Payments Area), headed to the student, or - an Italian bank account or a SEPA Area one headed to the student and to a relative/other person, or else - a prepaid card (linked to an Italian bank account or to SEPA Area one), headed only to the student. For this solution, the prepaid card must have a minimum credit limit which needs to be equal or superior to the amount of the Scholarship. Art. 4.1 - Merit Platinum Scholarship The Merit Platinum Scholarship is disbursed in two instalments: o First one: € 5,000 gross at the beginning of the semester; o Second one: € 5,000 gross, upon verification of having take n at least two exams. Art. 4.2 - Merit Gold Scholarship The Merit Gold Scholarship is disbursed in two instalments: o First one: € 4,000 gross, at the beginning of the semester; o Second one: € 4,000 gross, upon verification of having taken at least one exam during the first scholarship semester. 5 Art. 4.3 -Merit Gold Piacenza Campus Scholarship The Merit Gold Piacenza Campus Scholarship is funded by Piacenza Campus and is disbursed in two instalments: o First one: € 2,500 gross, at the beginning of the semester; o Second one: € 2,500 gross, upon verification of having taken at least one exam during the first scholarship semester. Art. 4.4 - Merit Bronze Piacenza Campus Scholarships The Merit Bronze Piacenza Campus Scholarships are funded by Piacenza Campus and are disbursed in a single installment of € 2,500 gross at the beginning of the semester. Art. 4.5 - Silver Cremona, Lecco, Mantova, Piacenza Campuses Scholarships Once accepted, Silver Scholarships grant a tuition fees exemption for the entire academic year which they are assigned for. A detailed payments schedule will be provided to scholarship recipients in the confirming email of the scholarship assignation following their acceptance. Art. 5 - Renewal The Merit Based International Scholarships described in Art. 1 and assigned for the academic year 2026-2027 can be renewed for the following academic year, namely 2027-2028. In order to obtain the renewal of the scholarship , the sum of the academic grades obtained during the exams multiplied by their corresponding ECTS (university credits) must be equal or superior to the following points by August 10th 2027: PLATINUM GOLD, SILVER and BRONZE Points required to renew the scholarship for the second year 1000 points 700 points 6 In the abovementioned calculation, extra ECTS, internships, and ECTS gained through a separate academic career will not be taken into consideration, albeit validated by Politecnico di Milano ( i.e, those credits which are marked with "C" on the study plan). Furthermore, the scholarship recipient must continue their studies in the same Master Program which the scholarship was assigned for. If the scholarship is renewed, the student can enroll in academic year 2027/2028 by paying only the administrative fee. If NOT renewed, the student which is not a Merit Based Scholarship recipient will have to pay both the administrative fee and the tuition fees, in order to enroll in the academic year 2027-2028. Art. 6- Incompatibility The Merit Based International Scholarship is incompatible with other scholarships issued by Politecnico di Milano nor by any other public or private Entity, being it Italian or foreign , with exemption for those issued for the participation of students to international mobility programs. Should the student be assigned another scholarship and/or benefit which are incompatible with their Merit Based International Scholarship, they must exercise the right of choice within ten days from the most recent awarding. Specifically, they will need to send an email to internationalscholarships@polimi.it, explicitly declaring which scholarship they wish to keep and which to renounce to. If the right of choice is not exercised within the abovementioned period, all benefits offered to the student will be automatically suspended. Art. 7 - Withdrawal from the study program The Merit Based International Scholarships have a minimum duration of one (1) academic year. If the recipient withdraws from t heir study program before the end of the academic year which they got their scholarship assigned for, they will lose the 7 right to the scholarship and they will need to return the amount received up to the date of withdrawal. The withdrawal will need to be promptly notified to the Financial Aid Unit by sending an email to international-scholarships@polimi.it. Art. 8 - Suspension If t he recipient of the Merit Based International Scholarship decides to temporarily suspend their studies, they can request the suspension of the scholarship benefits and provide the reasons by sending an email to international-scholarships@polimi.it. If granted, the suspension of the Merit Based International sc holarship cannot last more than one academic year. Art. 9 - Tax Treatment Merit Based International Scholarships are considered a form of income equivalent to employment income and are subject ed to the tax regulations in force regarding scholarships. Taxes covered by Politecnico di Milano correspond to aliquota IRAP for the respective fiscal year. Art. 10 - Verification on truthful statements Politecnico di Milano will be entitled to verify the truthfulness of the declarations of the student even after awarding the scholarships regulated by this Call for Applications. Additionally, the University will be able to exercise the faculties regulated by the current laws, specifically by art. 10 D. Lgs. N. 68/2012, by D.P.R. n. 445/2000 art. 71, as w ell as by art. 11 of D.P.C.M. n. 159/2013 and by the relative INPS's update n. 171 of December 18th 2014. In case of untruthful statements sanctions disciplined by art. 75 and 76 of D.P.R. n. 445/2000 and by art. 10 D. Lgs. N. 68/2012 cit. will be applied, along with legal measures, should the act constitute a crime. Art. 11 - Personal Data Processing By submitting the application in the manner indicated in this Call for Applications, the student consents to the processing of their personal data 8 collected for the purposes identified in this Call for Applications for the assignment of Merit Based Scholarships for the a.y. 2026-2027. The processing of personal data is carried out in compliance with the provisions of EU Regulation as of April 27th 2016, no. 679 (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR). The "Data Controller" is Politecnico di Milano. The full policy is available from the Data Controller or the specific webpage on the University website through the following link: https://www.polimi.it/privacy. Art. 12 - Head of the Procedure In accordance with Art. 5 of the Law of August 7 th 1990 n. 241 and subsequent modifications, the Heads of the Administrative Procedure for this Call of Applications is Dott.ssa Gabriella Rega. Art. 13 - Publication This Call for Applications is published on Politecnico di Milano's official webpage. INFORMATION AND CONTACTS AREA CAMPUS LIFE Financial Aid Unit Email: international-scholarships@polimi.it This Call is translated in English for mere informative purposes. For the application and resolution of any dispute and for all legal purposes, solely the Italian version is valid.