uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Bachelor's studies Our Bachelor's programmes will prepare you to shape a sustainable future and lay the foundation for a successful career. If you have what it takes, these programmes should be your top choice. Our Bachelor's programmes We offer nine international Bachelor's programmes in Visby, on the island of Gotland, and in Uppsala. Why Uppsala University? As a Bachelor's student you will receive a world-class education in a unique learning environment. Study and live in Sweden There are a few, but important, practical details you need to consider when preparing for your studies in Sweden. 16 October 2026 - Application opens The application period for Bachelor's programmes commencing autumn 2027 starts. Submit your online application through www.universityadmissions.se . Bachelor's application information 15 January 2027 - Application closes The deadline for submitting online applications is 15 January 2027 at midnight CET. Submit your online application through www.universityadmissions.se . Bachelor's application guide 1 February 2027 - Documents deadline The deadline for Uppsala University to receive all supporting documents and the application fee (if applicable). You can read more about what documents you must submit, and how to certify and send them in, on the following link: Entry requirements 8 April 2027 - Admission results The first notification of selection results are sent out. You will receive your offer through: Universityadmissions.se August/September - Autumn semester starts This date marks the start of the autumn semester and the start of Bachelor's studies for all admitted students. Welcome new students! Application Guide Applying for a Bachelor's programme involves several steps, from checking eligibility to accepting your offer. For detailed instructions and deadlines, see our step-by-step Application Guide. Application and tuition fees Students from outside the EU, EEA and Switzerland are required to pay application and tuition fees in Sweden. Follow our students Follow and connect with our team of student ambassadors through our blog and Instagram account - @StudyatUU. Already a student? Then you should visit the student pages. These pages are your new home as an admitted student. Study in Visby The majority of our Bachelor's programmes are based in the World Heritage City of Visby, on the island of Gotland. Meet us at an event Every year we participate in fairs all over the world and host live webinars. Find events Last modified: 2026-09-24 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom