uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Application guide Entry requirements Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Application Application guide Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Application guide Most international Bachelor's programmes at Uppsala University only admit students for the autumn semester. Applications are submitted through the University Admissions website during the international application round, which is open from 16 October 2026 to 15 January 2027 . It is important to apply before the deadline, as most Bachelor's programmes do not accept late applications. See the key dates and deadlines to make sure you complete your application on time. This step-by-step guide explains how to apply, which documents you need to submit and what to consider before the application deadline. Step-by-step application guide Step 1: Find your Bachelor's programme Start by deciding what you want to study. Browse and compare our international Bachelor's programmes at Uppsala University in our Bachelor's programme catalogue . Step 2: Check that you meet the entry requirements Are you in the final year of high school? You cannot apply until you have completed your upper secondary (high school) studies. To meet the general entry requirements, you must submit an official transcript and your Certificate of Graduation/Diploma by the document deadline 1 February . Requirements You must meet both the general and the programme-specific entry requirements. General entry requirements : You must have completed high school/upper secondary education. Requirements vary depending on the country where you studied. See the country instructions for more information. Programme-specific entry requirements: Visit the programme website and expand the information box under " Autumn 2027 " to see the entry requirements. Step 3: Apply on University Admissions website Create an account and submit your application through University Admissions . You can apply to up to eight Bachelor's programmes and rank them in order of preference. As you can only be admitted to one Bachelor's programme, make sure your programmes are ranked in the correct order before 15 January . Read more about how to rank your selections . Step 4: Submit your documents To document your eligibility, you must submit all required documents to University Admissions before the document deadline 1 February . Note: Uppsala University does not accept supporting documents submitted separately. All documents must be submitted through University Admissions. See the country instructions for the documents required for your country of studies. The rules apply to the country where you studied, not the country you are from or currently live in. Most applicants can upload documents to UniversityAdmissions.se . If you completed your upper secondary studies in the United States, your upper secondary documentation must be sent directly from your school. You can upload additional documents until the document deadline, before or after the application fee is paid. Note: Documents received after the deadline, and documents that have not been requested, will not be considered. Step 5: Pay the application fee If you are not a citizen of the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, you must pay an application fee of SEK 900. If you are unsure whether you need to pay the fee, see who is required to pay fees . The application fee is paid to University Admissions in Sweden and cannot be waived or paid to Uppsala University. The fee must be received by the payment deadline. Allow enough time for international bank transfers and payment processing. Important: Applications with late fee payments are considered late and are not eligible for scholarships. Pay application fee Step 6: Receive the admissions results Admissions results are published on the date stated on the University Admissions website . Results cannot be released before this date. You can view your admissions results in your account on University Admissions and download your official admissions letter ( Notification of Selection Results ). Uppsala University does not send separate admissions letters. If you are offered a place You do not need to accept your offer in the international admissions round. If you are conditionally admitted, all conditions must be met before the start of the semester. If you no longer wish to keep your place Please decline your offer so that the place can be offered to another applicant on the reserve list. Application checklist Before the application and document deadlines, make sure that you: Follow the key dates and deadlines . Rank your programmes in order of preference before 15 January . Ask your university to send official transcripts to University Admissions, if this applies to you. Make sure all required documents are received by University Admissions before the deadline. Check the inbox in your University Admissions account regularly in case further action is required. Missed the deadline? Non-EU/EEA citizens If you miss the application deadline, you will need to apply when the application round opens again the following year. EU/EEA and Swiss citizens You may be able to submit a late application or apply through the second admissions round. Applications in the second admissions round are submitted through Antagning.se . See the application timeline for the second admissions round. If you plan to apply in the second admissions round, please contact us for guidance. Need help? International Student Support Email study@uu.se for questions about: The application process Entry requirements Supporting documents You can also book a drop-in session with an Admissions Officer . Programme coordinator For questions about: Programme-specific requirements Required documents Programme content and courses University Admissions For questions about: Your account Application fees Uploading documents Last modified: 2026-09-24 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom