uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Application guide Entry requirements Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Application Entry requirements Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Entry requirements To be admitted to a Bachelor's programme at Uppsala University, applicants must meet both the general and programme-specific entry requirements. Submit your application at universityadmissions.se . High school/upper secondary education The basic entry requirement for admission to Bachelor's programmes is a completed high school/upper secondary education. Instructions on what that means for you are available on the country-specific page for your country of study . Please note that students who are in their last year of upper secondary studies are not able to apply for a Bachelor's programme at Uppsala University. English language proficiency To be eligible for Bachelor's level programmes and courses at Uppsala University, you must demonstrate sufficient English language proficiency. For most programmes, the requirement is equivalent to the Swedish upper secondary course English level 2/English 6. This requirement is usually met by submitting results from an internationally recognised English test, such as IELTS or TOEFL. Meeting the English requirement through a language test You can meet the English level 2/English 6 requirement by achieving one of the following minimum test results: IELTS Academic: an overall score of 6.5 and no section below 5.5 TOEFL iBT: score of 20 (scale 0-30) in written test, total score of 90 Cambridge English: CAE or CPE Meeting the English requirement in other ways In some cases, you may fulfil the English language requirement through previous high school or university studies. Detailed instructions on how to provide evidence of your English proficiency are available at universityadmissions.se . Programme-specific entry requirements In addition to the general entry requirements, some Bachelor's programmes at Uppsala University have their own programme-specific entry requirements. The programme-specific requirements can be found on the respective programme page. Some of our Bachelor's programmes require students to have completed certain courses as part of their upper secondary education. You are welcome to contact us if you are not sure whether you meet the programme-specific entry requirements. Selection When the number of eligible applicants exceeds the number of available places, a selection process is carried out. Applicants are usually ranked based on their qualifications. However, the method of selection can vary between programmes. For detailed information about how selection is made for a specific programme, please check the programme page. Need help? International Student Support Email study@uu.se for questions about: The application process Entry requirements Supporting documents You can also book a drop-in session with an Admissions Officer . Programme coordinator For questions about: Programme-specific requirements Required documents Programme content and courses University Admissions For questions about: Your account Application fees Uploading documents Last modified: 2026-09-21 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom