uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees How do I pay? Refund policy Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Fees Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Tuition fees at Uppsala University If you are a student from outside the EU, EEA, or Switzerland, you will need to pay both an application fee and tuition fees. The application fee is paid to University Admissions , while the tuition fees for your studies are paid directly to Uppsala University. How much does it cost? Depending on the programme, one semester of full-time study costs between 49,500 and 90,000 SEK per semester. You can find the exact fee for each programme on its specific page in the programme catalogue. How do I pay the tuition fee? You can pay the tuition fee directly on our website using a credit card or via bank transfer. For faster and more secure payments, we recommend using Uppsala University's website. Terms and conditions When will I receive my invoice? Who is required to pay? In general, students from countries outside the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), or Switzerland are required to pay application and tuition fees. This is regulated by section 12 in the Ordinance on application fees and tuition fees at higher education institutions, (2010:543) . However, there are some exceptions. Students who have been granted permanent Swedish residency, or temporary Swedish residency for reasons other than studies, do not need to pay fees. Additionally, citizens of the EU, EEA, or Switzerland are exempt from fees, as well as their family members who have temporary or permanent residence rights in Sweden. If you believe your tuition fee liability should be changed due to any of the reasons stated above, please contact feemaster@uu.se . Please note that a temporary residence permit for studies does not grant an exemption from fees. Find out if you need to pay fees Refund Policy Refund of the tuition fee is only possible in cases where the student is prevented from participating in the programme or courses due to extraordinary circumstances. Learn more about the refund regulations Contact If you have any questions regarding tuition fees or how to make a payment, please contact: feemaster@uu.se +46 18 471 19 02 Last modified: 2025-10-09 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom