uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Application guide Uppsala University scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Scholarships Uppsala University scholarships Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Uppsala University Bachelor's scholarships Uppsala University has a very limited number of scholarships that will cover tuition fees for international students admitted to our Bachelor's programmes, and only students from a select number of countries can apply. Application closed The scholarship application for studies starting in autumn 2026 is now closed. The application period was 16 January-2 February 2026, and late applications cannot be accepted. The next scholarship round will open in early 2027 for students applying to Uppsala University. Anders Wall's Scholarship for Studies at Uppsala University Open to Citizens of a country in Africa. About the scholarship The Anders Wall Scholarship is supported by contributions from The Beijer Foundation and Uppsala University. Anders Wall, Chairman of the Beijer Foundation, is a Swedish entrepreneur and businessman. Since its launch in 2012, the scholarship has supported students from various countries and is currently available to students from African nations. This scholarship covers the full tuition fee for an international Bachelor's or Master's programme at Uppsala University. Please note that it does not cover living expenses. Level of study Bachelor's and Master's programmes. Eligibility criteria You must be a citizen of a country in Africa. You must demonstrate academic talent and show interest in being in an educational environment. You can only be awarded an Anders Wall Scholarship for a degree programme at Uppsala University chosen as first priority (the programme which you have ranked the highest of the programmes you can choose at University Admissions). You must have applied for the Bachelor's or Master's programme before the University Admissions deadline. You must meet the entry requirements for the programme you applied to. The application fee and your complete supporting documents must be received by University Admissions before the deadline. How to apply Follow this application guide when applying for a scholarship for an international Bachelor's programme at Uppsala University. Contact If you have any questions or require more information about scholarships at Uppsala University, please send an email to tuitiongrants@uu.se . Last modified: 2026-02-03 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom