uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Application guide Uppsala University scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Scholarships Application guide Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Application guide Applying to our Bachelor's programmes and applying for our scholarships are two separate application procedures. Application closed The scholarship application for studies starting in autumn 2026 is now closed. The application period was 16 January-2 February 2026, and late applications cannot be accepted. The next scholarship round will open in early 2027 for students applying to Uppsala University. How to apply Step 1: Apply for a Bachelor's programme Before you can apply for Uppsala University's scholarships, you must first apply for one of Uppsala University's international Bachelor's programmes as your first priority at universityadmissions.se. Uppsala University's programme must be ranked as your first priority of choice. Read more about how to rank your selections. Do not miss the deadline! If your application on universitydmissions.se is considered late, you will not be eligible for the Uppsala University scholarships. See deadlines . Once you have submitted your application at universityadmissions.se, you will get a personal application number consisting of eight digits. Save the number as you will need it when applying for our scholarships. Step 2: Check the eligibility criteria Before you submit your application(s), be sure that you read the information about the scholarship thoroughly and that you understand the conditions. You may apply for more than one scholarship, as long as you fulfil the eligibility criteria. However, it is only possible to be awarded one scholarship from Uppsala University. You specify all the scholarships that you are applying for, in one scholarship application form online in the next step. Step 3: Submit an online scholarship application You need to submit an online application form during the scholarship application period. Link to the application will be published on this once the application is open. Your application should include: your personal details, which scholarship programme(s) you are applying to, the application number that you got at universityadmissions.se . In the online scholarship application form, you do not need to submit any documents. However, you must write a motivational letter explaining why you should be awarded the scholarship. Your motivational letter should not exceed 350 words and should reflect the eligibility criteria of the scholarship programme. There is no application fee when applying for Uppsala University's scholarships. Selection Process Uppsala University's scholarships are for students who are liable to pay tuition fees. The selection is merit-based. The scholarships are aimed at academically talented students who show an interest in being in an educational environment. Information about your academic performance will be obtained from the supporting documents that you submit when applying for Master's or Bachelor's studies at universityadmissions.se. The written motivational letter filled in your online scholarship application is also taken into account in the selection process. Financial need is not a factor we consider. The scholarship selection process takes place at the same time as the programme admission selection process. In order to be admitted to a study programme and be awarded a scholarship, you must meet all the general and programme-specific entry requirements for the study programme, as well as all the eligibility criteria for the scholarship programme . Applicants who submit incomplete applications or do not apply on time will not be considered for a scholarship at Uppsala University. Do not miss the deadline Make sure you submit your scholarship application on time. We do not accept late applications. Please do not apply for the scholarship if you: do not meet the entry requirements for admission to Uppsala University; have not selected a programme at Uppsala University as your first choice in your application at universityadmissions.se ; will not be able to secure the funding needed to cover your cost of living, as required by the Swedish Migration Agency , even if you are awarded a scholarship that covers the cost of tuition. See information about the cost of living for students in Sweden . Scholarship programmes Contact If you have any questions or require more information about scholarships at Uppsala University, please send an email to tuitiongrants@uu.se . Last modified: 2026-02-03 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom