uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Accompanying family Financing Health care Housing Insurance Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Living in Sweden Financing Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Financial matters The average cost of living in Sweden is high. All students, regardless of whether they are required to pay application and tuition fees or not, must be able to cover their personal living expenses while in Sweden. Therefore, you should carefully review your finances and plan your budget before travelling to Sweden. On this page, you can find information about the minimum amount you need in your bank account to get a residence permit, fees and scholarships, and see what a monthly student budget might look like. Application and tuition fees Individuals who are citizens of countries that are not part of the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, are called fee-paying students. If you are a fee-paying student, you must both pay the application fee of SEK 900 once you send in your application and the tuition fee for the courses or programme you will study. Depending on the programme, one semester of full-time study costs between SEK 50,000 - SEK 72,500. If you are a citizen of a country within the EU, EEA or Switzerland, you are not required to pay application or tuition fees to study in Sweden. Fees for studies at Uppsala University Scholarships Uppsala University awards several scholarships every year to international fee-paying Master's students. We have a very limited number of scholarships for our Bachelor's students. These scholarships cover the full cost of tuition, but not living expenses, and are awarded on a competitive basis. There are also external sources such as the Swedish Institute. Scholarships for studies at Uppsala University Living costs To obtain a Swedish residence permit, students are required to have a minimum of around SEK 10,656 per month for the duration of their studies. Please visit the Swedish Migration Agency, Migrationsverket for an exact number and further information. When you apply for your residence permit, you must enclose a bank statement showing that you have your own bank funds available in an account belonging to you. Please note that living in Sweden can be costly, and around SEK 10,656 per month is the minimum amount of money you will require. Budget Monthly expenses depend on your individual lifestyle and where you live. Aside from rent and food, you will have expenses such as textbooks, transportation and socialising. If you come from a part of the world with a warmer climate, it is strongly recommended that you purchase winter clothing and shoes while you are in Sweden. To give you a rough idea of how much it costs to live in Sweden, we have put together this average student budget. Note that this example does not take the current inflation into account. Accommodation: SEK 4,000 - 6,500 Food: SEK 3,400 Transportation: SEK 500 Mobile/internet: SEK 300 Clothing: SEK 500 Leisure: SEK 800 Total: SEK 9,500-11,600 Work opportunities We do not place any restrictions on students working alongside their studies and neither does the Swedish Migration Agency. However, finding part-time work in Uppsala or Visby is very difficult. We would recommend that you have your finances sorted before starting to study in Sweden. Do not depend on working to support yourself during your time as a student in Sweden as it is very difficult to find available part-time jobs. Many employers require Swedish language skills and depending on your university workload, it may be difficult for you to commit to work outside of your studies. Some international students find employment at pubs, clubs and restaurants at the student nations in Uppsala. However, while working at the nations is enjoyable and a great way to make new friends, the amount of money you earn will not be enough for you to live on. For more information about the job market, visit the Swedish Public Employment Services . Opening a Swedish bank account It may take some time to open a bank account in Sweden once you have arrived before you have received a Swedish personal identity number. Banks are required to check the identity of their customers and some banks have more strict criteria than others. Make sure that you have enough money to cover your expenses for the first few months of your stay. International debit and credit cards are widely accepted in Sweden. We strongly advise that you bring a VISA/Mastercard with sufficient funds in your existing bank account. Further resources US student finance Last modified: 2023-05-12 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom