uu.se Students Staff Alumni uu.se Search Search. Search suggestions are presented below the search box. Search Search courses and programmes Menu Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees How do I pay? Pay Online Refund policy Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation Pages for: Students Staff Alumni Go directly to: Library Press News Events Support Uppsala University Uppsala University Study Bachelor's studies Fees How do I pay? Study Master's studies Bachelor's studies Bachelor's programmes Application Fees Scholarships Living in Sweden Admitted Exchange studies Freestanding courses PhD studies Contact Research Collaboration and innovation About the University Contact and organisation How do I pay my tuition fees? Once you have been admitted to a programme at Uppsala University you will receive your invoice within two weeks. For faster and more secure payments, we recommend paying the tuition fee directly on our website using a credit card. Pay by credit or debit card For faster and more secure payments, we recommend using Uppsala University's website. Uppsala University accepts VISA and MasterCard. Please note that payment confirmation may take up to a week. To pay, visit our online payment portal and follow the instructions. Pay your tuition fee online Pay by bank transfer You can also pay by bank transfer. When making the transaction include only the reference number and the student's name in the reference/message field. Do not include any other information, as it may delay processing your payment. If your bank is assisting with the transfer, please provide them with these instructions. All account details are available on the invoice. Refund Policy Refund of the tuition fee is only possible in cases where the student is prevented from participating in the programme or courses due to extraordinary circumstances. Learn more about the refund regulations When will I receive my invoice? You will receive an email with a link to your invoice within two weeks after the admission results are published. If you do not receive your invoice within three weeks, please reach out to feemaster@uu.se . Do not miss the deadline! Once you receive your invoice, we strongly recommend paying as soon as possible. You cannot apply for a residence permit until Uppsala University confirms receipt of your tuition fee. By paying as early as possible, you increase your chances of receiving a residence permit in time for you to begin the programme. Your programme admission will be cancelled if we have not received your tuition fee. Contact If you have any questions regarding tuition fees or how to make a payment, please contact: feemaster@uu.se +46 18 471 19 02 Last modified: 2025-09-18 Contact +46 18 471 00 00 (switchboard) Contact the University Visit us Departments & units Campuses Museums & gardens Map of Uppsala University Wifi for visitors Shortcuts Vice-Chancellor's Blog Giftshop online Press & media Jobs & vacancies University management Support Uppsala University International Faculty and Staff Services Staff Gateway Current procurements Whistleblowing function FOLLOW UPPSALA UNIVERSITY ON © Uppsala University Tel: +46 18 471 00 00 P.O. Box 256, SE-751 05 Uppsala, SWEDEN Registration number: 202100-2932 VAT number: SE202100293201 PIC: 999985029 Registrar About this website Manage cookies Privacy policy Editor: Sara Högbom