go to page content go to navigation menu it en Cerca Vai Close Directories People Structures Vai Close Online services AlmaEsami AlmaRM - International mobility Certificates Document and library services EOL - Esami online Job vacancy Language courses SPEIS - Space Booking System Studenti Online - Manage your studies Tesi Online - Archive Tirocini Online - Internships offers UnibooK - Open knowledge Virtual Helpdesks - Online offices Virtuale - Teaching materials AlmaEsami AlmaRegistri AlmaRM - International mobility Cedolini web Concilium Document and library services Incarichi extraistituzionali Internships IRIS - Institutional research archive OrganiWeb Presenze - EVO Segnala un evento Titulus UniboImmagine - Photos, videos, brochures U-Web Missioni U-Web Reporting - Projects accounting Virtuale - Teaching materials See all Close Private area University Intranet Studenti Online Chiudi My e-mail Log in Guidance and information Close Menu Home University Open submenu University Who we are Organisation and Campuses Statute, standards, strategies and reports International outreach Work with us Quality Assurance Study Open submenu Study Guide to choosing your programme First and Single Cycle Degree Programmes Second Cycle Degree Programmes Course units, transferable skills, MOOCs PhDs and Professional Masters programmes, Specialisations and advanced training Study grants and subsidies Enrolment, fees and other procedures Incoming and outgoing international mobility From study to work Life at university and in the city Research Open submenu Research Research in numbers Research areas and projects NRRP: the University of Bologna's experience Research organisation and infrastructure Research evaluation Networking for research Open Science Research at Unibo Research for society and businesses University outreach Open submenu University outreach People and the community Business and nonprofit Bodies and institutions Cooperation and development Continuing education News Open submenu News UniboMagazine Notice board Events Contents for you Open submenu Prospective bachelor's students Enrolled students Graduates Organizations and companies You are here: Home > Study > Enrolment, fees and other procedures > Procedures for degree programmes > Tuition fees Fees and exemptions: amounts and deadlines How much it costs to enrol and which exemptions or other concessions you can get to study at the University of Bologna in the 2026/27 academic year, if you have Italian or foreign citizenship and want to enrol on a degree programme, single cycle/combined bachelor's and master's degree or second cycle/two-year master's degree. Things to remember Studying at the University of Bologna is an achievable goal regardless of your financial situation: fees are lower for those with lower incomes. To request an exemption, you must submit the family unit's financial index ( ISEE for those with income in Italy, other specific documentation for those with foreign income and assets ). You can apply for an exemption to pay lower fees and apply for a scholarship even if you have not yet chosen the programme or you need to complete enrolment, so you do not risk missing the deadlines. Open semester For information on amounts and deadlines for tuition fees to enrol in the combined Bachelor's and Master's degree programmes in Medicine and Surgery, Dentistry and Veterinary Medicine, please consult the dedicated Open Semester page . Choose the option based on your year of enrolment or your needs: 1st year Amounts, exemptions and scholarships How much will I have to pay The tuition fee is composed of two instalments: a fixed instalment of €157.04 a variable part that depends on the programme you choose and is calculated based on the economic situation of your family unit. Since the fixed instalment is always due, the amount to be paid each year ranges from a minimum of €157.04 to a maximum that varies depending on the programme you enrol on. See the list of the full amounts for each programme (in Italian) [.pdf 307 KB] . If you submit the required documentation and meet the criteria, you pay less. If you do not submit it or you are not entitled to an exemption, you pay the full amount. If your income and assets are held solely in Italy and you already know your family unit's ISEE, you can estimate how much you would pay: estimate the amount of the fees . Having an exemption and paying lower fees You can obtain a full exemption or a reduction in fees based on your financial situation or if you fall into specific cases. If you fall into more than one of the situations below, submit an application for each one by the specified deadlines: we will apply the most advantageous one for you. You are fully exempt from the variable part and pay only €157.04 if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €27,000 ; the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €40,000 and you become a parent during the academic year ; you have a certificate of civil disability equal to or greater than 66% or an L. 104 certificate; you are a first year student on a Second Cycle/two-year Master's degree programme with merit ; you are a first year student at the Collegio Superiore ; you are a permanent member of a religious order ; you have a parent that receives a disability pension under L. 118/1971; you have a parent who was a victim of the line of duty, terrorism or similar acts of violence . You are partially exempt from the variable part if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is greater than €27,000 ; you have family members who attend the University of Bologna and an indicator of the family unit's financial situation below €60,000; you have citizenship in one of the particularly poverty-stricken and developing countries [.pdf 132 KB] or in one of the non-OECD countries [.pdf 144 KB] and your family has income and assets only outside Italy. In this case you can benefit from a reduced flat fee . Scholarships for the right to higher education In addition to fee waivers, there are calls for applications to obtain various benefits. The Emilia-Romagna Region provides scholarships, accommodation in university residences, catering contributions , to find out how to apply: go to the dedicated website . The University offers also other benefits to support you throughout your university career. The calls for applications are published during the year on the homepage of your degree programme website. When and how to pay fees Check the type of access of the programme you are interested in The deadlines for paying fees change depending on the type of access of the programme: if the programme has restricted entry and includes an entrance exam: you will find the payment deadlines indicated in the call for applications on the website of the programme you are interested in (section " Enrol ", page " Enrol on the Programme "). if the programme has open access and does not include an entrance exam: for Bachelor's Degrees or Single Cycle/combined Bachelor's and Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 24 September 2026; for Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 29 October 2026. If you decide at the last minute, you can still enrol and pay the first instalment late, with a late payment fee, by 19 November 2026. Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Bachelor's Degree programme websites Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degree programme websites Pay the fees by the specified deadlines If you submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income to obtain exemptions, you will pay the fees in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment (if applicable) by 18 December 2026 third instalment (if applicable) by 15 March 2027 If you do not submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income , you can choose whether to pay: in a single payment by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) for an amount equal to the maximum all-inclusive contribution set for the programme you are enrolling on, plus the fixed fee of €157.04 or in instalments : first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment by 18 December 2026 third instalment by 15 March 2027 How to pay You can pay fees only with PagoPA : see the payment guide [.pdf 423 KB] . The payment is valid when it appears in your profile on Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section; the update may take up to two days. Payment status and instalment amounts Where to find your payment status To check payments and see amounts and deadlines, go to Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section. If you apply to obtain exemptions you will pay the fees in instalments: First instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) Second instalment (if applicable) by 18 December 2026 Third instalment (if applicable) by 15 March 2027 The amount of the second and third instalments depends on the documents you submit and will only be available after 23 November 2026. If you are entitled to full exemption, you will not pay anything; in some cases, you may only have to pay the second instalment. If you do not apply to obtain exemptions you can choose whether to pay: in a single payment by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) for an amount equal to the maximum all-inclusive contribution set for the programme you enrolled on, plus the fixed fee of €157.04. or in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment by 18 December 2026 third instalment by 15 March 2027 The amount of the second and third instalments is about half of the full amount set for your programme. You can find the exact amounts in your Studenti Online profile ("Fee Situation - enrolment"). What happens if I pay late If you do not pay the fees by the established deadlines, your student career will be blocked: you will not be able to take exams or carry out other procedures (e.g. withdrawal from studies or transfer to another university). To reactivate it and continue your path, you will need to: pay the fees due pay a late payment fee of €30 for delays of up to thirty days from the deadline; €150 for longer delays. The late payment fee will appear automatically in Studenti Online, in the "Your payments" section, after the instalment has been paid. If you pay late, check Studenti Online in the "Fee situation - enrolment" section to find out the amount of the late payment fee charged and proceed with payment. How can I remember to pay? Check Studenti Online often and set personal reminders before the deadlines: the University does not send automatic notifications. From the second year to the first year past the exam schedule Amounts, exemptions and scholarships How much will I have to pay The tuition fee is composed of two instalments: a fixed amount of €157.04 a variable that depends on your programme and is calculated based on the economic situation of your family unit. Since the fixed instalment is always due, the amount to be paid each year ranges from a minimum of €157.04 to a maximum that varies depending on the programme you enrol on. See the list of the full amounts for each programme (in Italian) [.pdf 307 KB] . If you submit the required documentation and meet the criteria, you pay less. If you do not submit it or you are not entitled to an exemption, you pay the full amount. If your income and assets are held solely in Italy and you already know your family unit's ISEE, you can estimate how much you would pay: estimate the amount of the fees . Having an exemption and paying lower fees To continue studying at university and obtain exemptions, each year you must submit the documents required for each type that may be relevant to you, by the specified deadlines. If you fall into more than one of the situations, submit all the applications: we will apply the most advantageous one for you. You are fully exempt from the variable part and pay only €157.04 if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €27,000 and between 11 August 2025 and 10 August 2026 you have obtained: 10 ECTS credits if you want to enrol on the second year; 25 ECTS credits if you want to enrol on years after the second; the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €40,000 and you become a parent during the academic year ; you are a permanent member of a religious order ; you have a parent that receives a disability pension under L. 118/1971; you have a certificate of civil disability equal to or greater than 66% or an L. 104 certificate; you study at the Collegio Superiore ; you have a parent who was a victim of the line of duty, terrorism or similar acts of violence . To obtain the exemptions listed in the last three points, you must also have obtained between 11 August 2025 and 10 August 2026: 10 ECTS credits if you want to enrol on the second year; 25 ECTS credits if you want to enrol on years after the second. You have a partial exemption from the variable part if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is greater than €27,000 and between 11 August 2025 and 10 August 2026 you have obtained: 10 ECTS credits if you want to enrol on the second year; 25 ECTS credits if you want to enrol on years after the second; if you have not acquired the minimum number of ECTS credits, you can still receive a partial exemption, but for a lower amount. you have family members who attend the University of Bologna and an indicator of the family unit's financial situation below €60,000; you have citizenship in one of the particularly poverty-stricken and developing countries [.pdf 132 KB] or in one of the non-OECD countries [.pdf 144 KB] and your family has income and assets only outside Italy. In this case you can benefit from a reduced flat fee . Scholarships and other right to higher education benefits In addition to fee waivers, there are calls for applications to obtain various benefits. You must apply again, even if you already received the benefits in your first year. The Emilia-Romagna Region provides scholarships, accommodation in university residences, catering contributions, to find out how to apply: go to the dedicated website . The University offers also other benefits to support you throughout your university career. The calls for applications are published during the year on the homepage of the degree programme website. When to pay fees, payment status To continue studying at university and obtain fee waivers, each year you must submit your ISEE or the documents for foreign income by the specified deadlines. If you apply to obtain exemptions you will pay the fees in instalments: First instalment of €157.04 from late July 2026 until 24 September 2026 Second instalment (if applicable) by 18 December 2026 Third instalment (if applicable) by 15 March 2027 If you do not apply to obtain exemptions you can choose whether to pay: in a single payment by 24 September 2026 for an amount equal to the maximum all-inclusive contribution set for the programme you enrolled on, plus the fixed fee of €157.04 or in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 second instalment by 18 December 2026 third instalment by 15 March 2027 What happens if I pay late If you do not pay the fees by the established deadlines, your student career will be blocked: you will not be able to take exams or carry out other procedures (e.g. withdrawal from studies or transfer to another university). To reactivate it and continue your path, you will need to: pay the fees due pay a late payment fee of €30 for delays of up to thirty days from the deadline; €150 for longer delays. The late payment fee will appear automatically in Studenti Online, in the "Your payments" section, after the instalment has been paid. If you pay late, check Studenti Online in the "Fee situation - enrolment" section to find out the amount of the late payment fee charged and proceed with payment. How to pay You can pay fees only with PagoPA: see the payment guide [.pdf 423 KB] . The payment is valid when it appears in your profile on Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section; the update may take up to two days. Where to find your payment status To check payments and see amounts and deadlines, go to Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section. How can I remember to pay? Check Studenti Online often and set personal reminders before the deadlines: the University does not send automatic notifications. From the second year past the exam schedule Amounts and exemptions How much will I have to pay? The tuition fee is composed of two instalments: a fixed amount of €157.04; a variable that depends on your programme and is calculated based on the economic situation of your family unit. Since the fixed instalment is always due, the amount to be paid each year ranges from a minimum of €157.04 to a maximum that varies depending on the programme you enrol on. See the list of the full amounts for each programme (in Italian) [.pdf 307 KB] . If you submit the required documentation and meet the criteria, you pay less. If you do not submit it or you are not entitled to an exemption, you pay the full amount. If your income and assets are held solely in Italy and you already know your family unit's ISEE, you can estimate how much you would pay: estimate the amount of the fees . Having an exemption and paying lower fees You can obtain a full exemption or a reduction in fees based on your financial situation or if you fall into specific cases. If you fall into more than one of the situations below, submit an application for each one by the specified deadlines: we will apply the most advantageous one for you. You are fully exempt from the variable part and pay only €157.04 if you are in one of the following situations: you have a certificate of civil disability equal to or greater than 66% or an L. 104 certificate; you have a parent that receives a disability pension under L. 118/1971; You are partially exempt from the variable part if: the index of the economic situation of your family unit is equal to or less than €30,000 and you have earned at least twenty-five ECTS credits (or you have passed at least two exams, for degree programmes under the previous system) from 11 August 2025 to 10 August 2026. To qualify for the exemption, you must meet both criteria; otherwise, you will be required to pay the maximum fee applicable to your degree programme. Scholarships and other right to higher education benefits The University offers also other benefits to support you throughout your university career. The calls for applications are published during the year on the homepage of the degree programme website. When to pay fees, payment status To continue studying at university and obtain fee waivers, each year you must submit your ISEE or the documents for foreign income by the specified deadlines. If you apply to obtain exemptions you will pay the fees in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 second instalment (if applicable) by 18 December 2026 third instalment (if applicable) by 15 March 2027 If you do not apply to obtain exemptions you can choose whether to pay: in a single payment by 24 September 2026 for an amount equal to the maximum all-inclusive contribution set for the programme you enrolled on, plus the fixed fee of €157.04 or in instalments: First instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 Second instalment by 18 December 2026 Third instalment by 15 March 2027 What happens if I pay late If you do not pay the fees by the established deadlines, your student career will be blocked: you will not be able to take exams or carry out other procedures (e.g. withdrawal from studies or transfer to another university). To reactivate it and continue your path, you will need to: pay the fees due; pay a late payment fee of €30 for delays of up to thirty days from the deadline; €150 for longer delays. The late payment fee will appear automatically in Studenti Online, in the "Your payments" section, after the instalment has been paid. If you pay late, check Studenti Online in the "Fee situation - enrolment" section to find out the amount of the late payment fee charged and proceed with payment. How do I pay? You can pay fees only with PagoPA: see the payment guide [.pdf 423 KB] . The payment is valid when it appears in your profile on Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section; the update may take up to two days. Where to find your payment status To check payments and see amounts and deadlines, go to Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section. How can I remember to pay? Check Studenti Online often and set personal reminders before the deadlines: the University does not send automatic notifications. Fee reduction if you only have the final examination left The reduction is available to students who are behind in their studies, meet the financial criteria, and need only to complete the final steps to graduate. Requirements You can apply if, in a.y. 2026/27 , you enrol on the programme and you have exceeded the standard duration of your programme by at least two years. To calculate the number of years, you must consider the year of your first matriculation at university , even if it was at another university or on a programme different from the one you are currently attending. To obtain the reduction you must: have an indicator of the family unit's financial situation equal to or lower than €40,000; have completed, by the deadline set for the call for applications, all the ECTS credits in the programme except those for the final examination and any activities preparing for the final examination. How much you pay in fees if you obtain the benefit If your application is accepted, you pay: €500 if you graduate by 30 September 2027 (or by 30 November 2027 for healthcare professions programmes); €1,000 if you graduate by 31 December 2027. By when to submit the application To receive the reduction, you must take part in a notice that will be issued approximately in January 2027. The notice will specify the deadline for submitting the application. I am about to graduate I will graduate by the last exam session If you are planning to graduate by the last exam session of a.y. 2025/26, i.e. by 31 March 2027 (or by 30 April 2027 for medical professions), here is what you need to do: in any case, submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income : if you are unable to graduate by the last exam session, you will have to enrol in academic year 2026/27 and fees will be calculated based on ISEE and merit. Deadlines to submit it: 30 October 2026 at 18:00, or by 16 November at 18:00 (with a €100 late payment fee for late submission); you may choose not to enrol in a.y. 2026/27; you may choose not to pay the related fees. If you do not enrol, your student career will continue without issues until 31 March 2027 (or until 30 April 2027 for medical professions); ignore any automatic messages that appear on Studenti Online. If you change your mind or cannot graduate by 31 March 2027 You will have to enrol in a.y. 2026/27 and pay the fees due, plus a €150 late enrolment fee. If you submitted the ISEE or documents for foreign income by the deadlines, the amount of the fees can be calculated taking the ISEE and merit into account. Contacts Student Administration Offices For information on administrative procedures. I will not graduate by the last exam session If you already know that you will not graduate by 31 March 2027 (or by 30 April 2027 for medical professions), you must enrol in a.y. 2026/27 and pay the fees due for the new academic year. Step one: submit the ISEE for financial assistance related to the right to higher university education (or documents relating to income from abroad) by the deadlines: by 30 October 2026 at 18:00 or by 16 November 2026 at 18:00 (paying a €100 late payment fee for late submission) You can submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income even if you have not yet completed enrolment. If you do not upload it by the specified deadlines, you will not be able to obtain any exemptions and you will pay the full amounts for each programme [.pdf 420 KB] . Step two: proceed with payment by the deadlines indicated if you submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income to obtain the exemption, you will pay the fees in instalments: first instalment by 24 September, second instalment by 18 December, third instalment by 15 March. You will always find the specific amount of the instalment in your profile in the Studenti Online service. If you do not submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income , you can choose whether to pay: -in a single payment by 24 September or -in instalments: first instalment by 24 September, second instalment by 18 December, third instalment by 15 March. Where do I pay? You can pay fees only with PagoPA: see the payment guide [.pdf 423 KB] . Where do I check the payments made and the amounts? To check payments and see amounts and deadlines, go to Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section. If you pay in instalments, after 23 November 2026 you will also find the amounts of the second and third instalments. The payment is valid when it appears in your profile: the update may take up to two days. How can I remember to pay? Check Studenti Online often and set personal reminders before the deadlines: the University does not send automatic notifications. I did not think I would graduate by the last exam session and I completed enrolment If you chose to enrol in a.y. 2026/27, but then decided to graduate by 31 March 2027 (or by 30 April 2027 for medical professions), you are entitled to a refund of what you paid, except €17.04 for stamp duty and insurance. If you have paid only the first instalment of €157.04, you must contact the Regional Agency for the Right to Higher Education (ER.GO) directly to request a refund of the regional tax (€140). Neither the stamp duty amount (€16) nor the insurance premium amount (€1.04) can be refunded. Request a refund If you have paid the fees in a single payment or have paid also the subsequent instalments , you must contact the Regional Authority for the Right to Higher Education (ER.GO) directly to request a refund of the regional tax (€140). To claim a refund of the fees you have paid, you will need to submit a formal application to the Student Administration Office after entering the IBAN for the refund into the Studenti online register Neither the stamp duty amount (€16) nor the insurance premium amount (€1.04) can be refunded. Contacts Student Administration Offices For information on administrative procedures. Recognition of previous learning Previous academic career or extracurricular activities If you enrol and request recognition of credits obtained in a previous academic career or other types of activities, you may be admitted to a year of study after the first. The year you are admitted to is the one that counts for the purposes of calculating fees. Apply for an exemption to pay lower fees Even if your year of study has not yet been approved, you can still apply for a fee exemption by the specified deadlines. If the Degree Programme Board admits you to years after the first, you must have met the merit requirements achieved from 11 August 2025 to 10 August 2026, in particular: 10 ECTS credits if you are admitted to the second year 25 ECTS credits if you are admitted to years after the second You are fully exempt from the variable part and pay only €157.04 if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €27,000 ; the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €40,000 and you become a parent during the academic year ; you have a certificate of civil disability equal to or greater than 66% or an L. 104 certificate; you are a first year student on a Second Cycle/two-year Master's degree programme with merit ; you are a first year student at the Collegio Superiore ; you are a permanent member of a religious order ; you have a parent that receives a disability pension under L. 118/1971; you have a parent who was a victim of the line of duty, terrorism or similar acts of violence . You are partially exempt from the variable part if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is greater than €27,000 ; you have family members who attend the University of Bologna and an indicator of the financial situation below €60,000; you have citizenship in one of the particularly poverty-stricken and developing countries [.pdf 132 KB] or in one of the non-OECD countries [.pdf 144 KB] and your family has income and assets only outside Italy. In this case you can benefit from a reduced flat fee . Scholarships for the right to higher education In addition to fee waivers, there are calls for applications to obtain various benefits. The Emilia-Romagna Region provides scholarships, accommodation in university residences, catering contributions, to find out how to apply: go to the dedicated website . The University offers also other benefits to support you throughout your university career. The calls for applications are published during the year on the homepage of your degree programme website. When and how to pay fees The deadlines for paying fees change depending on the type of access of the programme: if the programme has restricted entry and includes an entrance exam: you will find the payment deadlines indicated in the call for applications on the website of the programme you are interested in (section " Enrol ", page " Enrol on the Programme "). if the programme has open access and does not include an entrance exam: for Bachelor's Degrees or Single Cycle/combined Bachelor's and Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 24 September 2026; for Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 29 October 2026. If you decide at the last minute, you can still enrol and pay the first instalment late, with a late payment fee, by 19 November 2026. Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Bachelor's Degree programme websites Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degree programme websites Pay the fees by the specified deadlines If you submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income to obtain exemptions, you will pay the fees in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment (if applicable) by 18 December 2026 third instalment (if applicable) by 15 March 2027 If you do not submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income, you can choose whether to pay: in a single payment by 24 September 2026 for an amount equal to the maximum all-inclusive contribution set for the programme you enrolled on, plus the fixed fee of €157.04. or in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment by 18 December 2026 third instalment by 15 March 2027 How to pay You can pay fees only with PagoPA: see the payment guide [.pdf 423 KB] . The payment is valid when it appears in your profile on Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section; the update may take up to two days. Transferring from another university If you request a transfer, you may be admitted directly to a year after the first. However, to calculate fees, the total number of years of enrolment at the other university is taken into account, regardless of the year of study you will be admitted to at the University of Bologna. Apply for an exemption to pay lower fees Even if you do not yet know which year you will be admitted to, you can apply for a fee exemption by the specified deadlines. If it takes place in years after the first, you must have met the merit requirements achieved from 11 August 2025 to 10 August 2026: 10 ECTS credits if you are admitted to the second year 25 ECTS credits if you are admitted to years after the second You are fully exempt from the variable part and pay only €157.04 if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €27,000 ; the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €40,000 and you become a parent during the academic year ; you have a certificate of civil disability equal to or greater than 66% or an L. 104 certificate; you are a first year student on a Second Cycle/two-year Master's degree programme with merit ; you are a first year student at the Collegio Superiore ; you are a permanent member of a religious order ; you have a parent that receives a disability pension under L. 118/1971; you have a parent who was a victim of the line of duty, terrorism or similar acts of violence . You are partially exempt from the variable part if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is greater than €27,000 ; you have family members who attend the University of Bologna and an ISEE below €60,000; you have citizenship in one of the particularly poverty-stricken and developing countries [.pdf 132 KB] or in one of the non-OECD countries [.pdf 144 KB] and your family has income and assets only outside Italy. In this case you can benefit from a reduced flat fee . Scholarships for the right to higher education In addition to fee waivers, there are calls for applications to obtain various benefits. The Emilia-Romagna Region provides scholarships, accommodation in university residences, catering contributions, to find out how to apply: go to the dedicated website . The University offers also other benefits to support you throughout your university career. The calls for applications are published during the year on the homepage of your degree programme website. When and how to pay fees The deadlines for paying fees change depending on the type of access of the programme: if the programme has restricted entry and includes an entrance exam: you will find the payment deadlines indicated in the call for applications on the website of the programme you are interested in (section " Enrol ", page " Enrol on the Programme "). if the programme has open access and does not include an entrance exam: for Bachelor's Degrees or Single Cycle/combined Bachelor's and Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 24 September 2026; for Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 29 October 2026. If you decide at the last minute, you can still enrol and pay the first instalment late, with a late payment fee, by 19 November 2026. Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Bachelor's Degree programme websites Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degree programme websites Pay the fees by the specified deadlines If you submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income to obtain exemptions, you will pay the fees in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment (if applicable) by 18 December 2026 third instalment (if applicable) by 15 March 2027 If you do not submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income, you can choose whether to pay: in a single payment by 24 September 2026 for an amount equal to the maximum all-inclusive contribution set for the programme you enrolled on, plus the fixed fee of €157.04 or in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment by 18 December 2026 third instalment by 15 March 2027 How to pay You can pay fees only with PagoPA: see the payment guide [.pdf 423 KB] . The payment is valid when it appears in your profile on Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section; the update may take up to two days. Changing programme in Unibo If you apply to change programme, you may be admitted directly to a year after the first. However, when calculating fees, all years of enrolment at our University are taken into account, regardless of the year in which you are admitted to the new programme. If it takes place in years after the first, you must have met the merit requirements achieved from 11 August 2025 to 10 August 2026: 10 ECTS credits if you are admitted to the second year 25 ECTS credits if you are admitted to years after the second Apply for an exemption to pay lower fees Even if you do not yet know which year you will be admitted to, you can apply for a fee exemption. You are fully exempt from the variable part and pay only €157.04 if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €27,000 ; the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is equal to or lower than €40,000 and you become a parent during the academic year ; you have a certificate of civil disability equal to or greater than 66% or an L. 104 certificate; you are a first year student on a Second Cycle/two-year Master's degree programme with merit ; you are a first year student at the Collegio Superiore ; you are a permanent member of a religious order ; you have a parent that receives a disability pension under L. 118/1971; you have a parent who was a victim of the line of duty, terrorism or similar acts of violence . You are partially exempt from the variable part if you are in one of the following situations: the indicator of the family unit's financial situation is greater than €27,000 ; you have family members who attend the University of Bologna and an ISEE below €60,000; you have citizenship in one of the particularly poverty-stricken and developing countries [.pdf 132 KB] or in one of the non-OECD countries [.pdf 144 KB] and your family has income and assets only outside Italy. In this case you can benefit from a reduced flat fee . Scholarships for the right to higher education In addition to fee waivers, there are calls for applications to obtain various benefits. The Emilia-Romagna Region provides scholarships, accommodation in university residences, catering contributions, to find out how to apply: go to the dedicated website . The University offers also other benefits to support you throughout your university career. The calls for applications are published during the year on the homepage of your degree programme website. When and how to pay fees The deadlines for paying fees change depending on the type of access of the programme: if the programme has restricted entry and includes an entrance exam: you will find the payment deadlines indicated in the call for applications on the website of the programme you are interested in (section " Enrol ", page " Enrol on the Programme "). if the programme has open access and does not include an entrance exam: for Bachelor's Degrees or Single Cycle/combined Bachelor's and Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 24 September 2026; for Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degrees, the deadline for paying fees is 29 October 2026. If you decide at the last minute, you can still enrol and pay the first instalment late, with a late payment fee, by 19 November 2026. Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Bachelor's Degree programme websites Check the type of access of the programme: go to the Second Cycle/two-year Master's Degree programme websites Pay the fees by the specified deadlines If you submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income to obtain exemptions, you will pay the fees in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment (if applicable) by 18 December 2026 third instalment (if applicable) by 15 March 2027 If you do not submit the ISEE or documents for foreign income, you can choose whether to pay: in a single payment by 24 September 2026 for an amount equal to the maximum all-inclusive contribution set for the programme you enrolled on, plus the fixed fee of €157.04 or in instalments: first instalment of €157.04 by 24 September 2026 (or by the date set by the programme you want to enrol on) second instalment by 18 December 2026; third instalment by 15 March 2027 How to pay You can pay fees only with PagoPA: see the payment guide [.pdf 423 KB] . The payment is valid when it appears in your profile on Studenti Online , in the "Fee Situation - enrolment" section; the update may take up to two days. Doubts about fees, exemptions and scholarships? From 12 June to 6 November 2026, you can join online meetings with Unibo and ER.GO staff to learn about fees, potential exemptions or reductions, and how to access ER.GO student benefits. Check the calendar of events (in Italian) FAQs - frequently asked questions: tuition fees Where can I find the certificate of payment of fees? You can print the "Declaration for tax purposes" from the "Certificates and Self-certifications" section in Studenti Online . For the purposes of tax deductions, payments must be made using a traceable method (bank transfer, credit card...). What happens if I pay late? If you do not pay your fees on time and up to 30 days late, you will have to pay a late fee of €30. For delays of more than 30 days, the penalty will increase to €150. The late payment fee will appear in Online Students, in the 'Your payments' section, and you will be charged automatically. View all Attachments Fee calculation system for a.y. 2026/27 (in Italian) [.pdf 247 KB] See also Published Enrolment and transfers Published Study grants and subsidies Published Access to education and financial support: measures funded by the "PON Research and Innovation" programme University regulations Published University regulations for tuition fees Contacts Contribuzioni studentesche Information on tuition fees and exemptions. Virtual Help Desk Connect To connect, please read these instructions Office hours (appointments only) Monday from 09:00 to 11:30 Tuesday from 09:00 to 11:30 and from 14:00 to 15:30 Wednesday from 9:00 to 12:00 Thursday from 14:00 to 15:30 Friday from 9:00 to 12:00 Remember: if you are unable to turn up, please cancel the booking so that the slot can be used for other students. Help us improve the website Rate this page Report a problem Rate this page Are the details clear? Not at all A little Moderately Very Much Extremely Did you find what you were looking for easily? Not at all A little Moderately Very Much Extremely Do you have any other comments or suggestions? Submit Report a problem What were you looking for? What would you like to report? Submit Help us improve the website Follow us on: Follow us on Instagram Follow us on TikTok Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Telegram Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Facebook Segui Unibo su Podigee More social networks App: App myUniBo App myAlmaOrienta myJobPlacement App AMA Community Unibo Contacts and certified e-mail (PEC) Administrative divisions Work with us Alumni community Strategic plan University budgets Donations Calls and competitions Transparent administration Appeals lodged Merchandising - UniboStore Website and accessibility information Accessibility statement Privacy policy and legal notes Cookie Settings ©Copyright 2026 - ALMA MATER STUDIORUM - Università di Bologna - Via Zamboni, 33 - 40126 Bologna - PI: 01131710376 - CF: 80007010376