go to page content go to navigation menu it en Cerca Vai Close Directories People Structures Vai Close Online services AlmaEsami AlmaRM - International mobility Certificates Document and library services EOL - Esami online Job vacancy Language courses SPEIS - Space Booking System Studenti Online - Manage your studies Tesi Online - Archive Tirocini Online - Internships offers UnibooK - Open knowledge Virtual Helpdesks - Online offices Virtuale - Teaching materials AlmaEsami AlmaRegistri AlmaRM - International mobility Cedolini web Concilium Document and library services Incarichi extraistituzionali Internships IRIS - Institutional research archive OrganiWeb Presenze - EVO Segnala un evento Titulus UniboImmagine - Photos, videos, brochures U-Web Missioni U-Web Reporting - Projects accounting Virtuale - Teaching materials See all Close Private area University Intranet Studenti Online Chiudi My e-mail Log in Guidance and information Close Menu Home University Open submenu University Who we are Organisation and Campuses Statute, standards, strategies and reports International outreach Work with us Quality Assurance Study Open submenu Study Guide to choosing your programme First and Single Cycle Degree Programmes Second Cycle Degree Programmes Course units, transferable skills, MOOCs PhDs and Professional Masters programmes, Specialisations and advanced training Study grants and subsidies Enrolment, fees and other procedures Incoming and outgoing international mobility From study to work Life at university and in the city Research Open submenu Research Research in numbers Research areas and projects NRRP: the University of Bologna's experience Research organisation and infrastructure Research evaluation Networking for research Open Science Research at Unibo Research for society and businesses University outreach Open submenu University outreach People and the community Business and nonprofit Bodies and institutions Cooperation and development Continuing education News Open submenu News UniboMagazine Notice board Events Contents for you Open submenu Prospective bachelor's students Enrolled students Graduates Organizations and companies You are here: Home > Study > Study grants and subsidies Study grants and subsidies You can count on financial support at every stage of your studies. Discover opportunities tailored to your needs. You are about to enrol or are already studying Fee reductions: fee waivers, incentives and exemptions Fee exemptions and reductions according to your economic situation You may be eligible for a reduction in tuition fees on the basis of your financial situation or merit. This benefit is offered by the Region of Emilia Romagna (ERGO). See the fees page for more details Total merit-based exemption for students enrolled in the first year of second cycle degree programmes If you graduated on time and with top marks, you will be eligible for a total fee exemption. Find out how to benefit from the fee waiver Exemptions for students with disabilities If you have certification of a civil disability percentage of 66% or more and are certified under Law 104/92, you will be exempt from paying fees. Find out how to apply for this exemption Exemptions for students who have a parent receiving a disability pension under Law 118/1971 If you have a parent receiving a disability pension, you can have your fees waived. Find out how to apply for this exemption Exemptions for students who become parents You can apply to have your tuition fees waived if you become a mother or father during the academic year. Find out how to obtain this exemption Reductions for students with other family members attending university Students with other family members attending university can count on a 20% fee reduction. Find out how to obtain the reduction Total fee waiver for members of religious orders If you are a permanent member of a religious order and are entirely supported by it for your living expenses, you may qualify for a tax exemption. Discover how to qualify for the exemption Scholarships ER.GO (Regional Authority for the Right to Higher Education) study grants The Region bears the cost of your academic studies. Find out how to partecipate on the ER.GO website "150 hour" collaboration study grants An experience and a scholarship to support you during your academic career. Find out how to participate and apply for the scholarship Study grants for students experiencing difficulties Scholarships for those experiencing particular personal, family and economic difficulties. The call for applications is usually published in September. Read the calls for applications and find the award you can apply for International mobility scholarships You can count on financial support if you decide to spend some time studying or working on your thesis abroad. Find out how to apply fot this scolarship Scholarships and study awards Scholarships and awards are granted throughout the year. Read the calls for applications and find the award you can apply for Concessions for accommodation, canteens and transport Halls of residence and other housing benefits Accommodation in the university halls of residence in the Region and grants to cover the cost of rent through calls for applications. Find out more Benefits for university canteens and participating establishments University canteens and participating establishments offer discounted meals. Find out more Transportation and mobility benefits for students You may purchase public transport passes in Bologna, Cesena, Forlì, Ravenna and Rimini at special prices. Find out how to apply for this benefit Conventions with cinemas, museums, theatres and sport matches Reductions for University of Bologna students. Find out more about this benefit Special rates for software purchases You are eligible for a free licence to use Matlab, Prezi, Stata Se, Microsoft 365, and Mathematica Find out more about this benefit Specific financial aid for international students Reduced fixed fee for citizens of particularly poor and developing countries or of non-EU, non-OECD countries This is an important aid for those who are citizens of a particularly poor and developing country or one that is not member of the European Union and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development. Read about how to apply for this benefit Unibo for Refugees The University's doors are open to asylum seekers and refugees. Find out more Scholarships for refugees MUR - CRUI If you have been granted international protection, you are eligible to participate in the competition for scholarships offered by the Italian Ministry for Universities and Research (MUR) in partnership with the Conference of Italian University Rectors (CRUI). Find out how to apply for the scholarship on CRUI's website Italian Government (MAECI) scholarships for international students and Italian students The Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation (MAECI) offers scholarships to international students and Italians residing abroad. Find out how to apply for the scholarship Scholarships for students from countries where access to university is prevented or severely limited by conflict and/or discriminatory policies The University of Bologna welcomes and supports students, who enrol in degree programmes in the a.y. 2025/26, coming from countries where conflict, discriminatory policies or other causes make it difficult or impossible for a significant part of the population to access a university education, Find out how to apply for the scholarship Opportunities to collaborate and gain experiences Peer tutoring grants Would you like to become a course tutor? Help other students and gain new experience! Find out how to participate in the call for tutors "150 hour" collaboration study grants An experience and a scholarship to support you during your academic career. Find out how to participate and apply for the scholarship International mobility scholarships You can count on financial support if you decide to spend some time studying or working on your thesis abroad. Find out how to apply fot this scolarship Call for cultural, sporting and recreational activities Student associations can award grants for cultural, sporting and recreational activities. Find out how apply for the grant You are about to graduate or already have a degree Scholarships, degree and doctoral awards Tuition fee reduction for graduating students with specific requirements who only have to sit the final examination If you have been enrolled for a number of years exceeding the normal course duration plus one and you only have to sit the final examination, your tuition fees may be reduced. Find out more about this benefit Degree and doctoral awards These are scholarships or prizes available to those who already have a degree or a doctorate from the University of Bologna. Read the available calls Scholarships for the continued education of young graduates Opportunities to continue pursuing research and university education. Find out more, read the available calls Scholarships for post-graduate research work Opportunities to start conducting research after graduation. Find out more, read the available calls International mobility scholarships Financial aid for students intending to conduct research abroad. Read the available calls Support for incoming international students 100 scholarships for refugees from the Ministry of the Interior - CRUI If you have been granted international protection, you are eligible to participate in the competition for scholarships offered by the Ministry of the Interior. Find out how to apply for the scolarship on the Ministry's website Help us improve the website Rate this page Report a problem Rate this page Are the details clear? Not at all A little Moderately Very Much Extremely Did you find what you were looking for easily? Not at all A little Moderately Very Much Extremely Do you have any other comments or suggestions? Submit Report a problem What were you looking for? What would you like to report? Submit Help us improve the website Follow us on: Follow us on Instagram Follow us on TikTok Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Telegram Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Facebook Segui Unibo su Podigee More social networks App: App myUniBo App myAlmaOrienta myJobPlacement App AMA Community Unibo Contacts and certified e-mail (PEC) Administrative divisions Work with us Alumni community Strategic plan University budgets Donations Calls and competitions Transparent administration Appeals lodged Merchandising - UniboStore Website and accessibility information Accessibility statement Privacy policy and legal notes Cookie Settings ©Copyright 2026 - ALMA MATER STUDIORUM - Università di Bologna - Via Zamboni, 33 - 40126 Bologna - PI: 01131710376 - CF: 80007010376