Skip to main content Apply Our Students Majors, Minors, and More Beyond Campus Campus Life Your First Year School Spirit + Community Financial Support Connect Visit Search Search Menu Menu Search for: Search Clear Search Close Search Frequently Asked Questions How do I visit Duke? How do I apply to Duke? How should I prepare in high school for Duke? What does Duke look for in applicants? How do I join Duke's mailing list? Where can I find Duke admissions FAQs? Learn More Visit Duke Apply to Duke Our Students Majors, Minors, and More Campus Life Your First Year Financial Support Financial Support Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support Apply Our Students Toggle Majors, Minors, and More Beyond Campus Campus Life Toggle Your First Year School Spirit + Community Financial Support Counselors Families Resources + FAQs Contact Accessibility Connect Visit Counselors Families Resources + FAQs Contact Accessibility Financial Support Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 4 Financial Support Making Duke Possible At Duke, we do more than offer financial aid. We offer support. Our goal is to ensure that students have the resources to attend and thrive-from application to graduation and all the experiences in between. Financial Support 50% Of Duke undergraduates receive aid Post-Graduation 75% Of Duke students graduate debt-free Process Overview HOW IT WORKS Applying for financial aid can be daunting-that's why we're here to break things down, help you get started, and make Duke a reality. 01 Estimate Determine your approximate cost. Get Started 02 Apply Complete your application. Learn More 03 Review Evaluate your offer with us. Learn More 04 Renew Reapply each year. Learn More Apply for Financial Aid Nov 3 / Early decision deadline CSS Profile & FAFSA applications Feb 1 / Regular decision deadline CSS Profile & FAFSA applications Apply for Financial Support Open Estimate Your Cost TAKE THE FIRST STEP Use our calculators to estimate your overall cost to attend and how much financial aid you may receive. Net Price Calculator Get an in-depth estimate and information about your costs. GET STARTED MyinTuition For a quick, ballpark estimate of your cost GET STARTED Steps to Apply DETERMINE YOUR NEXT STEPS Figure out the steps necessary for you to complete your financial aid application using three factors. I'm a U.S. citizen U.S. resident undocumented international , applying for early regular decision and my parents are married divorced 01 - Prepare Your Application Toggle Ensure that your application for undergraduate admission indicates a "yes" in the financial aid interest box. If you did not initially check this box, you must do so by contacting the Office of Undergraduate Admissions to change your designation. International applicants who indicate interest in financial aid are considered in a separate admission pool, and those admitted with "no financial aid interest" are ineligible to apply for financial aid for any year of undergraduate study. 02 - Submit Your Application Toggle To be considered for institutional aid, submit your 2026-27 CSS Profile Application online by February 1st. 03 - Check Your Email Toggle Submit any additional forms if requested. Some applicants may be required to submit additional documentation to the College Board. If you receive this request, you will receive an email communication from the College Board providing you with instructions on how to submit documents through their online IDOC service. If you are asked to submit additional documentation to the College Board, please provide your family's current year or most recent foreign tax forms and an English language statement from both parents' employers stating the amount of their annual income. If your parents are not employed or are self-employed, they can fill out a non-filer form documenting that they do not file taxes and can report their yearly income in the box provided on the form. All documents and earnings statements should be officially translated in English and both the original and translated copy should be provided to the office. Please note: as a part of the translation please provide the exchange of currency as well from the original monetary values into US dollars. If you do not receive a request to submit additional information, the Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support has enough information to provide a financial aid award at the time of admission. 04 - Review Your Aid Offer Toggle Review your aid offer. When you receive your letter of admission to Duke, you'll receive your aid award as well. Once you decide to enroll at Duke you will receive instructions in June on how to complete the steps to receive your funding. Note: Duke University issues four-year aid awards for international applicants. Once your aid award is complete, it will be automatically renewed for your subsequent years at Duke. You will be required to attend a financial aid session upon your arrival to Duke in order for your aid to be applied. To learn more about international student aid, the application process, and details regarding this mandatory session, please contact us at finaid@duke.edu . 01 - Prepare Your Application Toggle Ensure your application for undergraduate admission indicates a "yes" in the financial aid interest box. If you did not initially check this box, you must do so by contacting the Office of Undergraduate Admissions to change your designation. International applicants who indicate interest in financial aid are considered in a separate admission pool, and those admitted with "no financial aid interest" are ineligible to apply for financial aid for any year of undergraduate study. 02 - Submit Your Application Toggle To be considered for institutional aid, submit your 2026-27 CSS Profile Application online by Nov. 3rd . The Profile is available to complete online by October 1st. 03 - Check Your Email Toggle Submit any additional forms if requested. Some applicants may be required to submit additional documentation to the College Board. If you receive this request, you will receive an email communication from the College Board providing you with instructions on how to submit documents through their online IDOC service. If you are asked to submit additional documentation to the College Board, please provide your family's current year or most recent foreign tax forms and an English language statement from both parents' employers stating the amount of their annual income. If your parents are not employed or are self-employed, they can fill out a non-filer form documenting that they do not file taxes and can report their yearly income in the box provided on the form. All documents and earnings statements should be officially translated in English and both the original and translated copy should be provided to the office. Please note: as a part of the translation please provide the exchange of currency as well from the original monetary values into US dollars. If you do not receive a request to submit additional information, the Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support has enough information to provide a financial aid award at the time of admission. 04 - Review Your Aid Offer Toggle Review your aid offer. When you receive your letter of admission to Duke, you'll receive your aid offer as well. Once you decide to enroll at Duke you will receive instructions in June on how to complete the steps to receive your funding. Note: Duke University issues four-year aid awards for international applicants. Once your aid award is complete, it will be automatically renewed for your subsequent years at Duke. You will be required to attend a financial aid session upon your arrival to Duke in order for your aid to be applied. To learn more about international student aid, the application process, and details regarding this mandatory session, please contact us at finaid@duke.edu . 01 - Submit the CSS Profile & FAFSA Applications Toggle Submit the CSS Profile online by February 1: To be considered for institutional aid, all aid applicants must complete the CSS Profile. Submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) online by February 1: Note: students who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents may skip this step. If you aren't sure whether the FAFSA might apply to you based on your residency status, please visit this link for more information. 02 - Submit Additional Forms (if Requested) Toggle Submit any additional forms if requested. Some applicants may be required to submit taxes and/or additional documentation to the College Board. If this is the case, you will receive email communication from the College Board providing you with instructions on how to submit any additional requirements through their online IDOC service. If you do not receive a request to submit additional information, the Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support has enough information to provide an estimated financial aid award at the time of admission. 03 - Review Your Aid Offer Toggle Admitted students who have completed all the requested steps will receive an aid offer with the offer of admission by April 1st. Once you decide to enroll at Duke, you will be emailed instructions in June on how to complete the steps to receive your funding. 01 - Submit CSS Profile & FAFSA Applications Toggle Submit CSS Profile Applications: Both parents will need to complete a separate CSS Profile by February 1. We will calculate a separate contribution for each parent and add them together to determine an Expected Family Contribution. If one or both of your parents are remarried, we will remove consideration of income earned by your stepparent. Submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) online by February 1: The parent that provides the most financial support to the student should complete the FAFSA. Note: students who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents may skip this step. If you aren't sure whether the FAFSA might apply to you based on your residency status, please visit this link for more information. Admitted students with completed financial aid applications received by the deadline will receive financial aid estimates with their offer of admission by April 1. 02 - Submit Additional Forms (if Requested) Toggle Submit any additional forms if requested. Some applicants may be required to submit taxes and/or additional documentation to the College Board. If this is the case, you will receive an email communication from the College Board providing you with instructions on how to submit any additional requirements through their online IDOC service. If you do not receive a request to submit additional information, the Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support has enough information to provide an estimated financial aid award at the time of admission. 03 - Review Your Aid Offer Toggle Review your aid offer. Once you decide to enroll at Duke, you will be emailed instructions in June on how to complete the steps to receive your funding. 01 - Submit CSS Profile & FAFSA Applications Toggle Submit the CSS Profile and FAFSA applications online by the November 3rd priority deadline to receive your aid estimate with your offer of admission in December. Completed applications received after the deadline may receive an estimate in January. The CSS Profile and FAFSA applications are available by October 1st. Note: students who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents may skip filing the FAFSA application. If you aren't sure whether the FAFSA might apply to you based on your residency status, please visit this link for more information. 02 - Submit Additional Forms (if Requested) Toggle Submit any additional forms if requested. Some applicants may be required to submit taxes and/or additional documentation to the College Board. If this is the case, you will receive email communication from the College Board providing you with instructions on how to submit any additional requirements through their online IDOC service. If you do not receive a request to submit additional information, the Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support has enough information to provide an estimated financial aid award at the time of admission. 03 - Review Your Estimate Toggle Review your aid estimate. It will be based on the cost of attendance for 2025-2026, and we'll update it in the spring once the official 2026-2027 cost of attendance is announced. If you qualified for need-based grant aid and the cost of attendance for 2026-2027 is higher than the current year, we'll increase your grant aid to cover the difference. 01 - Submit CSS Profile & FAFSA Applications Toggle Submit CSS Profile Applications: Both parents will need to complete a separate CSS Profile aid application by November 3rd . We will calculate a separate contribution for each parent and add them together to determine an Expected Family Contribution. If one or both of your parents are remarried, we will remove consideration of income earned by your stepparent. The CSS Profile application is available beginning October 1st. Submit the FAFSA Application: Students will also need to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) . The household that provides the most financial support to the student will need to enter their information on the FAFSA form and sign electronically. Note: students who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents may skip this step. If you aren't sure whether the FAFSA might apply to you based on your residency status, please visit this link for more information. Admitted students with completed financial aid applications received by the deadline will receive financial aid estimates with their offer of admission in December. Completed applications received after the deadline may receive an estimate in January. 02 - Submit Additional Forms (if Requested) Toggle Submit any additional forms if requested. Some applicants may be required to submit taxes and/or additional documentation to the College Board. If this is the case, you will receive email communication from the College Board providing you with instructions on how to submit any additional requirements through their online IDOC service. If you do not receive a request to submit additional information, the Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support has enough information to provide an estimated financial aid award at the time of admission. 03 - Review Your Estimate Toggle Review your aid estimate. It will be based on the cost of attendance for 2025-2026, and we'll update it in the spring once the official 2026-2027 cost of attendance is announced. If you qualified for need-based grant aid and the cost of attendance for 2026-2027 is higher than the current year, we'll increase your grant aid to cover the difference. Learn More The Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support The Office of University Scholars and Fellows Open Estimated Costs (Before Aid) LET'S BREAK IT DOWN Tuition $70,265 Estimated Fees $2,907 Housing $10,910 Food $10,075 Books, Course Materials, Supplies, $536 Miscellaneous Personal Expenses $3,274 Transportation (domestic) $582 *Varies by home address Estimated Cost $98,549 Learn More The Karsh Office of Undergraduate Financial Support The Office of University Scholars and Fellows Open College Cost Transparency Initiative Duke is committed to using the Principles & Standards of the College Cost Transparency Initiative in its student financial aid offer. Apply 01 Our Students 02 Campus Life 03 Financial Support 04 Join Our Mailing List Sign Up Apply Our Students Majors, Minors, and More Beyond Campus Campus Life Your First Year School Spirit + Community Financial Support © DUKE.EDU 2026 Counselors Families Resources + FAQs Contact Accessibility Disable Animations