Skip to main content What are you looking for? Undergraduate Postgraduate Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Weibo Mail Copy Link Contact Us Quick Access Why PolyU Overview A Unique Learning Experience University Ranking PolyU in Figures Campus Life Student Stories Programmes Find Your Programmes Our Faculties, Schools and College Programme A-Z Admissions JUPAS Non-JUPAS Year 1 Non-JUPAS Senior Year International / Other Qualifications 中国内地应届高考生 Fees and Scholarships Fees Undergraduate Scholarships Explore Virtual Campus Tour Campus Visit and School Talk Pre-University Programmes Newsletter What's New Undergraduate Postgraduate Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Weibo Mail Copy Link Why PolyU Overview A Unique Learning Experience University Ranking PolyU in Figures Campus Life Student Stories Programmes Find Your Programmes Our Faculties, Schools and College Programme A-Z Admissions JUPAS Non-JUPAS Year 1 Non-JUPAS Senior Year International / Other Qualifications 中国内地应届高考生 Fees and Scholarships Fees Undergraduate Scholarships Explore Virtual Campus Tour Campus Visit and School Talk Pre-University Programmes Newsletter What's New Contact Us Quick Access Breadcrumb Home Fees and Scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships We offer a wide range of scholarships for undergraduate students We offer a variety of scholarships for undergraduate students to recognize academic and non-academic excellence. These scholarships are available to both local and non-local students, alongside special subsidies for exchange programmes to enhance professional knowledge and personal growth. At PolyU, outstanding applicants for full-time undergraduate programmes will be considered for merit-based scholarships without needing a separate application, except for external organization scholarships. Notes: (1) A student can concurrently hold more than one scholarship administered by the University in an academic year if the total value of scholarships received by him/her does not exceed his/her annual tuition fee payable plus an allowance of HK$60,000 unless otherwise stipulated. (2) PolyU reserves the right to change the terms or withdraw the scholarships. In case of any dispute/disagreement, the University's decision is final. We've found 35 scholarship(s) that you may be eligible for: L Local N Non-Local D Hong Kong DSE I International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma A GCE A-Level (GCEAL) and International A-Level (IAL) O Other International Qualifications G Mainland Gaokao Student Type Local Non-Local Scholarship Type Admissions (Academic) Admissions (Non-academic) Qualification Hong Kong DSE International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma GCE A-Level (GCEAL) and International A-Level (IAL) Other International Qualifications Mainland Gaokao Offering Unit University College of Undergraduate Studies Faculty of Business Faculty of Computer and Mathematical Sciences Faculty of Construction and Environment Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Health and Social Sciences Faculty of Humanities Faculty of Science School of Design School of Fashion and Textiles School of Hotel and Tourism Management External Organisation Cultural Ambassador Scholarship for Non-Local Students Open to: N I A O Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Total Scholarship Amount Renewable scholarship of up to HK$60,000 per year Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with GCE A-Level / International A-Level Qualifications Open to: L A Application No application is required. Eligible students are automatically considered. Total Scholarship Amount Up to renewable full-tuition scholarship with an allowance of HK$60,000 (renewable), HK$30,000 exchange scholarship (one-off), plus eligibility for admission to the Undergraduate Research and Innovation Scheme (URIS) scholarship of up to HK$50,000 Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with HKDSE Qualification Open to: L D Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Total Scholarship Amount Up to HK$500,000 for whole undergraduate study, exchange scholarships of up to HK$110,000, plus eligibility for admission to the Undergraduate Research and Innovation Scheme (URIS) scholarship of up to HK$50,000 Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with HKDSE Qualification (College of Undergraduate Studies) Open to: L D Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with HKDSE Qualification (Faculty of Business) Open to: L D Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with HKDSE Qualification (Faculty of Computer and Mathematical Sciences) Open to: L D Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with HKDSE Qualification (Faculty of Construction and Environment) Open to: L D Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with HKDSE Qualification (Faculty of Engineering) Open to: L D Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Explore more Entry Scholarship for Local Students with HKDSE Qualification (Faculty of Health and Social Sciences) Open to: L D Application No application is required. Eligible Students are automatically considered. Explore more Load More Sitemap Privacy Policy Statement Accessibility Terms of Use Contact Us Copyright © 2025 The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. All Rights Reserved. Apply Now Quick Access PolyU Main Site Academic Registry (AR) Global Engagement Office (GEO) Graduate School (GS) Office of Undergraduate Studies (OUS) Student Affairs Office (SAO) Hong Kong Community College (HKCC) School of Professional Education and Executive Development (SPEED) JUPAS School Nominations Direct Admission Scheme (SNDAS)