Undergraduate entry requirements (international) Learn about entry requirements for international students, including minimum entry scores, course prerequisites and English language requirements. Eligibility and entry requirements Minimum entry requirements help ensure you're academically prepared and have a strong chance of succeeding in your course. To be eligible to apply for a University of Melbourne undergraduate degree, you'll need to have: Completed the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) or an equivalent recognised international or Australian qualification Achieved the minimum ATAR (or equivalent score) required for entry to the course Completed and achieved the required marks in each of the prerequisite subjects for the course Completed any additional requirements for the course (for example, an audition or interview if required) Met the University's minimum undergraduate English language requirements. Not all secondary school qualifications have been assessed for equivalency with the VCE. If you've completed a secondary school qualification that is not listed on the Recognised qualifications page, your eligibility for entry to an undergraduate course will be assessed on a case-by-case basis during the application process. The University does not accept non-Australian overseas secondary school qualifications completed wholly online via offshore study centres. Guaranteed or indicative entry scores have been set for international applicants seeking entry based on overseas or Australian secondary school qualifications or through a foundation program. Entry scores can be found on the course page. If you meet the required ATAR or equivalent entry score and satisfy minimum entry requirements, subject prerequisites and English language requirements, you may be guaranteed entry into an undergraduate degree. Guaranteed scores apply only if no further study has been undertaken after completion of your secondary education or foundation program. Find the relevant scores: Guaranteed and minimum entry scores for international students Indicative entry scores for overseas qualifications The University accepts predicted or forecasted results for the GCE A Level, International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma, and select other curricula, provided specific conditions are met. These results are generally accepted for admission into most undergraduate courses. If you receive a conditional offer, you may be eligible to accept your offer and pay your tuition deposit early through the Conditional Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) process prior to the release of your final results. Whatever your background, you're required to meet the prerequisite subjects for the course you're interested in. This ensures you have the right skills, knowledge and experience for the course. Prerequisite Year 12 level (or equivalent) subjects are listed as part of the entry requirements on each course page. Subject prerequisites may include Biology, Chemistry, Maths Methods, Specialist Maths or Physics, in addition to English. If you're a school leaver and applying from Year 12, you'll likely already have satisfied subject prerequisites through completing the relevant subject studies in the last two years. If this is not the case, you can satisfy subject prerequisites in a range of alternative ways . All undergraduate courses have a specific English language standard you must meet as part of your course entry requirements. As an international applicant, you'll need to show evidence of your English language proficiency through previous study in English or by taking an approved English test. If you receive an offer conditional on meeting our English language requirement, you'll need to provide evidence of meeting this requirement before your offer can be made unconditional. See Undergraduate English language requirements . Visa requirements You'll need to accept your offer and complete the enrolment process to receive your Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE). With your CoE, you can then apply for your student visa. In some cases you may be eligible to apply for a Conditional CoE, for example, if you're awaiting your final Year 12 results. With an Australian student visa, you can only undertake full-time study in a CRICOS-registered course. See visa information for studying in Australia. Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) You need to have Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) before you arrive. You may also be required to do additional character and health tests if relevant to your circumstances. Students under 18 If you're under 18 years of age, you'll need to have appropriate accommodation, support and welfare arrangements in place to have your student visa approved. See Information for students under 18 . Graduate Degree Packages Undergraduate to graduate degree pathways If you have a high enough entry score (equivalent ATAR), you may qualify for a Graduate Degree Package, which is a combined offer for both an undergraduate course and a place in a specialised professional graduate course. In addition to general undergraduate degree eligibility, there are other criteria you will need to meet to be offered an undergraduate and graduate degree package. Read more How you're selected If you meet all entry requirements, you're eligible to be considered for our undergraduate degrees. Selection for the University of Melbourne is competitive. For international applicants, the number of students we can accept is determined by the number of places available in each degree. While our admissions team may look at a range of entry criteria and other factors during assessment, applicants are usually ranked by academic merit. Minimum scores and guaranteed entry Meeting the minimum entry requirements for a course means you're eligible to apply. It doesn't guarantee selection. You need to apply for a course before you can be assessed for admission. For some qualifications (such as A-Levels and the International Baccalaureate), a guaranteed entry score may also be published. If you achieve or exceed the guaranteed entry score (and meet subject prerequisites and English language requirements), your offer is assured If you fall below the guaranteed entry score, you may still receive an offer depending on how your results rank against other eligible applicants. Guaranteed and minimum scores For more information on selection, see the Selection and Admission Policy. Don't meet the entry requirements? If you have not completed a secondary qualification that is considered equivalent to an Australian Year 12, you may be eligible for admission to the Trinity College Foundation Studies (TCFS) program. As one of Australia's best foundation studies programs, TCFS prepares approximately 700 international students each year for success at the University of Melbourne and other leading Australian universities. The University of Melbourne has guaranteed pathways from foundation studies programs offered at Trinity College. These programs will develop your essential knowledge in your chosen stream to provide the foundation to meet academic and English language requirements, and subject prerequisites for your chosen undergraduate course. Trinity College Foundation Studies Foundation programs have been designed in collaboration with Australian universities to create opportunities for students that bridge secondary and university studies. The University of Melbourne accepts many foundation studies programs as entry pathways to our undergraduate courses. You can find entry requirements and indicative entry scores for foundation programs on our undergraduate course pages. Successful completion of Hawthorn-Melbourne's University of Melbourne English Language Bridging Program (UMELBP) can help you meet our English language requirement. UMELBP is a 10-week course that will develop your English language and study skills. Some of our undergraduate courses have specific VCE prerequisite subject requirements and assumed knowledge. There are several ways you can meet the prerequisite subject requirements if you haven't studied the Victorian Certification of Education (VCE). How to satisfy subject prerequisites Frequently asked questions The University assesses international qualifications using recognised equivalency frameworks. Minimum academic requirements for a wide range of qualifications from many countries are listed on each course page. If your qualification is not listed on our recognised qualifications page, your qualification will be assessed when you apply. Yes. All international applicants must meet the University's English language requirements through prior study or an approved English language test. Accepted tests and minimum scores are listed on the English language requirements page. Some courses have subject prerequisites, such as mathematics or science. These may be met through your secondary studies or approved equivalent subjects. Course pages list any required prerequisites. Yes. Prior university or college study may be considered when assessing your application, depending on the course and the relevance of the study. Make sure you provide a full subject outline or syllabus for any university study you have completed to support your application.