Undergraduate applications (international) Your application pathway depends on your Year 12 qualifications, where you're studying and which intake you're applying for. Follow our guide to applying for undergraduate study as an international student. How to apply How you apply will depend on what you've been studying, where you're studying and the intake you're applying for. I'm studying How to apply for start year intake (Semester 1/January) How to apply for mid-year intake (Semester 2/July) An Australian Year 12 (inside or outside Australia) Apply through VTAC Apply direct to the University of Melbourne The International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma within Australia or New Zealand Apply through VTAC Apply direct to the University of Melbourne The International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma outside Australia or New Zealand Apply direct to the University of Melbourne Apply direct to the University of Melbourne Another overseas secondary school qualification Apply direct to the University of Melbourne Apply direct to the University of Melbourne A foundation studies program Apply direct to the University of Melbourne Apply direct to the University of Melbourne A University of Melbourne undergraduate degree (current student) Apply via the internal transfer form Apply via the internal transfer form Applying direct to the University of Melbourne Direct applications from international students for undergraduate study are accepted for the start year (Semester 1/February) and mid-year (Semester 2/July) intakes through the University's online application portal. Applications close: Mid-year intake 2026 (Semester 2/July): 31 May 2026 Start year intake 2027 (Semester 1/February/March): 30 November 2026 Mid-year intake 2027 (Semester 2/July): 31 May 2027. Review the information on this page, then follow the step-by-step process for preparing and submitting your application via the portal. Prepare and submit your online application Applying through VTAC The VTAC application system opens in early August each year for the start year (Semester 1/February) intake for the following year. This is the main intake for most courses. Once the VTAC application system opens, you may apply for up to eight undergraduate courses - it is important to list each course in the order of your preference In some cases, you may need to submit evidence of your results to VTAC. VTAC will notify you if additional information is required Timely applications close in late September, and while late applications for some courses are possible, they will incur a late fee Applications for select undergraduate degrees that require supplementary tasks (such as auditions or interviews), including Fine Arts and Music degrees, will close before September each year and require early submission. If you would like to change your VTAC course preferences, you must do so during the change of preference period (December) Offers are usually released in rounds between December-February. Check all VTAC dates What to check before applying Entry requirements Make sure you meet the minimum entry requirements for your chosen course. Requirements include completing a recognised secondary school qualification and meeting subject prerequisites and our English language requirements. Check the full entry requirements on your course page and see Entry requirements . Understand your fees International students are offered fee-paying places. Your fees depend on your course and subject load. To understand how fees are calculated, and explore payment options and support, see Fees and payments . Visa requirements International students must also have a valid visa to study in Australia. You can apply for your visa after you have applied, been offered a place, accepted your offer and received an electronic Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) for your course. International students studying on a student visa can only enrol in a full-time undergraduate course to satisfy Australian student visa requirements. Other Australian visa types that allow study may have different conditions. International applicants applying for an Australian student visa will need to meet the Department of Home Affairs' Genuine Student requirement. Application timing and late applications Applications submitted after the published course application closing date may be accepted, subject to the availability of places. By submitting a late application, you may not have enough time to arrange your visa, so we recommend applying as early as possible. Admissions information for different circumstances Find information tailored to your situation, including special application considerations that may affect how you apply. You can still apply for an undergraduate course if you haven't received your final results or are waiting to take an English language test. If you're in your final year of study, you can apply by providing your most recent academic results. You may also be eligible to apply for a Conditional Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) if you have concerns about the timing of your offer and visa application. Once your results have been finalised, you'll need to submit them before you can receive an unconditional offer. Applying direct to the University of Melbourne You can apply for up to 3 courses in a single application. It's important to submit only one application at a time, with courses listed in order of preference from 1 to 3. If you submit multiple course applications without using the preference system, your assessment will be put on hold. Your application will be assessed in the order of your course preferences. If your first preference is successful, you will not be assessed for any other preferences. Applying through VTAC You can list up to 8 course preferences in your VTAC application. Your preferences can include courses from the University of Melbourne and other Victorian institutions. If you'll be under 18 years of age when you arrive in Australia , you'll need to have appropriate accommodation, support and general welfare arrangements in place before you can accept your offer. Requirements for international applicants under 18 years old Applying through an authorised education agent If you need help applying, you can find an authorised education agent to help you lodge an application, accept your offer and apply for a student visa. Applicants who have studied in certain countries are required to apply through an agent to have their documents verified. To find an authorised education agent in your region and understand what they provide, see Authorised education agents . What happens next? After you apply, we'll keep you updated on your application progress and next steps. If you applied direct to the University After you submit your direct online application, you'll receive a confirmation email with your student ID and application reference number. All communication, including requests for additional information and your application outcome, will be sent to the email address you used to apply. You can track the progress of your application at any time through the online application portal. Providing additional information If additional documents or information are required, you'll be asked to upload them by a specified date. Providing this information promptly helps avoid delays and ensures your application is assessed in time for your chosen intake. If your offer is subject to meeting the Genuine Student requirement, we may request further information to facilitate that assessment. Please refer to our Genuine Student requirement page. Application outcome You'll receive an application outcome by email. If your application is successful, you'll receive an offer with instructions on how to accept. If you applied through VTAC, you'll receive your offer by email and it will be visible in your VTAC account. If you're still completing your studies or have outstanding documents, you may receive a conditional offer. You'll need to meet the conditions before accepting your offer and enrolling. You may be eligible to apply for a Conditional Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) to progress your visa application. Learn more about Offers and enrolment. Scholarship applications When you apply to the University you'll automatically be considered for some scholarships, including: Melbourne International Undergraduate Scholarship Melbourne Chancellor's Scholarship (if eligible) You may also be eligible for scholarships that require you to submit a separate application. Check out the Scholarship Guide and search for opportunities on the Scholarships website. Scholarships website Accommodation applications If you're planning to move to Melbourne for your undergraduate studies, check if you're eligible for a place through University Accommodation, which offers student beds in partner accommodation close to campus. As a new student, you can apply for University Accommodation before receiving a course offer, and you should apply as early as possible. There are also other options such as residential colleges , student apartments, share houses, homestays and temporary accommodation. Accommodation options Frequently asked questions How you apply depends on the qualification you're completing and the intake you're applying for. Some international students apply through VTAC, while others apply directly to the University of Melbourne. See the information on this page to determine which application type suits your situation. You must apply through VTAC for the start-year intake if you are currently completing: an Australian Year 12 (in Australia or overseas), or an International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma in Australia or New Zealand. All other international students - including those completing overseas secondary qualifications or applying for non-start-year intakes - must apply directly to the University of Melbourne through the online application portal. No. The application pathway you must use is based on your current qualification and intended intake. Using the incorrect application method may delay or invalidate your application. Required documents will vary depending on your background, but may include academic transcripts, predicted or final results, English language test results (if applicable) and documents for any selection tasks. Requirements are outlined during the application process. You should apply as early as possible and by the relevant deadline. Application dates differ depending on whether you apply through VTAC or directly to the University. See the information on this page under Ways to apply and key application dates. Yes. You can update or upload documents through VTAC or the University's application portal while your application is under assessment. Some changes may not be possible after a decision is made.