Undergraduate English language requirements Find out how to meet the University's English language requirements, depending on your background. About English language requirements If you're from an English-speaking background, you can meet the undergraduate requirement through approved study at secondary or tertiary level. Otherwise, you can qualify by taking an English language proficiency test or by completing a pathway, such as a foundation or bridging program. English-speaking background or education If you've completed secondary or tertiary education in English or come from an English-speaking background, you may already satisfy the English language requirements without needing to take an English test. To be eligible for entry based on citizenship or long-term residency in a recognised English-speaking country , you must meet both 'citizenship or residency' and 'education in English' conditions: Citizenship or residency. You must be either: A citizen of an English-speaking country recognised by the University OR A long-term resident (at least 10 years) of a recognised English-speaking country. AND Education in English. You must have completed one of the following, with all teaching and assessment conducted entirely in English 1 : The final four years of secondary or higher education (equivalent to Years 9-12) in a recognised English-speaking country OR A full secondary education (high school) qualification completed entirely in English in a recognised English-speaking country OR At least one year of full-time study (or part-time equivalent) in a recognised bachelor's degree or other approved higher education qualification in an English-speaking country, with results that meet the minimum academic standard for your chosen program. Notes: 1 This pathway is not available to applicants for Commonwealth Supported Places (CSPs). Due to the competitive nature of CSP selection, applicants must meet the English language requirement through an approved secondary school English subject or an accepted English language proficiency test. You can satisfy our English language requirement by successfully completing one of the secondary school English subjects/courses listed below from our approved list of international qualifications. The below subjects/courses will be accepted as meeting our undergraduate English language requirement for the following timeframes: 24 months for an approved secondary school English subject/course, when studied in a country where English is not an official language OR 60 months for an approved secondary school English subject/course, when studied in a country where English is an official language. Country Qualification Details of how the English language requirement can be satisfied Cambridge Pre-U Diploma Achieve a P2 or higher in Literature in English or satisfactorily complete both Global Perspectives and Independent Research Report GCE A Levels Grade of at least C in one of the following subjects: AS or A Level General Paper AS or A Level General Studies AS or A Level English Language AS or A Level English Literature AS or A Level English Language and Literature Applicants who have completed their GCSE and A Levels in the United Kingdom may also satisfy the University's English language requirements by achieving a grade of at least B in GCSE English. Please note: if you have completed Sri Lankan A Levels, you must satisfy the English language requirements by completing an approved English language proficiency test. International Baccalaureate Diploma At least grade 4 in English or English B at SL or HL Australia Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) A study score of at least 25 in English/English Language/Literature or at least 30 in EAL Australia Secondary qualifications in other states Equivalent of the VCE requirement Canada Alberta High School Diploma Pass the English Language Arts 30-1 or 30-2 subject (only for students completing the qualification in Canada) Canada British Columbia Graduation Certificate Pass English 12 or English Studies 12 (only for students completing the qualification in Canada) Canada Ontario Secondary School Diploma Pass ENG4U, ENG3U, ENG3C or ENG4C (only for students completing the qualification in Canada), or at specified schools in Malaysia - please see below for Malaysian details Denmark Studentereksamen Grade 7 or higher in English A or Grade 10 or higher in English B Germany Abitur Grade 10 or higher in Leistungskurs or Kurse mit erhöhtem Anforderungsniveau English Hong Kong Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education English with a grade of 4 or higher India CBSE XII (All India Senior School Certificate Examination) Pass the English subject in the CBSE India CISCE Indian School Certificate Pass the English subject in the ISC Ireland Leaving Certificate Grade of at least D2 in higher level English Malaysia Ontario Secondary School Diploma Pass ENG4U, ENG3U, ENG3C or ENG4C (only for students completing the qualification at Sunway College, Malaysia) Netherlands VWO Grade 8 or higher in final year English New Zealand National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) Achieve at least 18 credits in Level 3 English including at least 10 at merit or above Norway Vitnemål For Videregående Opplæring Grade of at least 4 in ENG1002 or ENG1003 Scotland Scottish Qualifications Certificate Grade of at least C in Higher Level English Singapore Singapore A Levels Grade of at least C in the Higher 2 (H2) Level subject Knowledge and Inquiry South Africa South African National Senior Certificate Pass final year English Sweden Avgangsbetyg/Slutbetyg At least VG or grade 4 in final year English or at least a C grade in English 6 United States of America Advanced Placement exam A score of at least 3 in AP English Language and Composition or English Literature and Composition If you have previously completed tertiary study, you will meet our English language requirement if you: Pass at least the first year of a tertiary course 2 , taught and assessed entirely in English 3 within the last two years. Pass at least a two-year tertiary course 2 , taught and assessed entirely in English 3 , within the last five years. Passing a single language-rich tertiary subject may also be approved to meet the English language requirement. This will be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Please provide a full syllabus or detailed subject outline, which includes information such as the specific lecture and practical class timetable, weekly topics or themes covered, modes of assessment, contact hours and reading lists (if any) for the relevant subject(s). Notes: 2 For this purpose, 'course' includes a graded VET Diploma, Advanced Diploma or Associate Degree that is studied for at least one year full-time. 3 This does not apply if the institution you studied at is located is in China, India, Nepal, Pakistan or Saudi Arabia. If you have completed your tertiary studies in another non-English speaking country, you will need to submit the following documentation with your application: A letter on official letterhead or an email from an official staff member email account, which is from the Academic Registrar or a suitable delegate, and specifies either: That all degrees at the institution are entirely taught and assessed in English, OR That the specific degree you completed was entirely taught and assessed in English. The notification must apply to both the awarding institution and the institution you studied at (if different). Undergraduate course-specific English test scores If you are from a non-English speaking background, you can demonstrate that you meet the English language requirements by taking an English language proficiency test. For detailed information about accepted tests, requirements and conditions, and how to submit your results, see English language proficiency tests. UoM English Level Previous UoM band IELTS (academic English Only) TOEFL Internet-based test Pearson Test of English Academic Cambridge C1 Advanced Language Cert Academic Michigan English Test (MET) Bachelor of Agriculture Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Biomedicine Bachelor of Commerce Bachelor of Design Bachelor of Fine Arts Bachelor of Music Bachelor of Science 1 6.5 6.5: with writing 6.0; speaking 6.0; reading 6.0; listening 6.0 81: with writing 19; speaking 19; reading 16; listening 16 64: with writing 60; speaking 60; reading 60; listening 60 169: with writing 170; speaking 179; reading 163; listening 163 67: with writing 64; speaking 70; reading 60; listening 57 58: with writing 57; speaking 48; reading 55; listening 56 Bachelor of Oral Health 2b 7 7.0: with writing 7.0; speaking 7.0; reading 7.0; listening 7.0 91: with writing 26; speaking 24; reading 22; listening 22 72: with writing 75; speaking 76; reading 72; listening 72 178: with writing 193 speaking 194; reading 194; writing 179; listening 175 73: with writing 78; speaking 82; reading 71; listening 67 62: with writing 74; speaking 59; reading 63; listening 61 Other ways to meet English language requirements Not quite at the required English level yet? You can still prepare for undergraduate study through a pathway program - either a foundation program to develop your academic and English skills, or a bridging program to help you reach the required English level. Through a foundation program, international students can strengthen their English and academic skills to qualify for entry into a Melbourne undergraduate degree. Accepted foundation programs and minimum scores If you are completing a fast-track or accelerated version of a foundation program, you must also complete an approved English language proficiency test , unless specified below. Country Qualification Details of how the English language requirement can be satisfied Australia Trinity College Foundation Studies Pass the English and English for Academic Purposes subjects Australia ANU College Foundation Program A result of at least 65% in Advanced Academic English Australia Monash University Foundation Year Pass English Units 1 and 2 Australia UNSW Foundation Studies Program Pass the Academic English subject Australia University of Adelaide College Foundation Program Pass both English for Academic Purposes and Critical Thinking Australia University of Sydney Foundation Program Pass English A and English B Australia UWA Foundation Program Standard program: pass four English units Extended program: pass five English units Accelerated program: pass four English units Australia Western Australian Universities Foundation Program Pass English and Australian Cultural Studies New Zealand University of Otago Foundation Year Grade B or higher in Academic English United Kingdom NCUK International Foundation Year Achieve an overall grade of B and a minimum grade of C in each component in English for Academic Purposes As one of Australia's leading foundation programs, Trinity College Foundation Studies (TCFS) prepares international students for entry to the University of Melbourne. Through engaging coursework and a supportive learning environment, you'll build the English and academic skills needed to succeed at university. By studying the Trinity College Foundation Studies program, you'll get: a guaranteed place in an undergraduate degree at the University of Melbourne if you achieve the required scores a curriculum that is supervised by the University of Melbourne's Academic Board university-style teaching and learning through lectures and small tutorials accelerated and extended programs to suit your needs an extensive support and welfare program an ideal location on the Parkville campus of the University, and use of the University's facilities. Visit Trinity College Foundation Studies If you're close to meeting the English level needed for your undergraduate course, the endorsed University of Melbourne English Language Bridging Program (UMELBP) at Hawthorn-Melbourne can help you get there. You can apply now, receive a conditional offer, and complete the program before you start studying. Learn about bridging programs Exchange and study abroad English requirements The English language requirements for undergraduate exchange and study abroad programs may differ from the main course entry requirements. For more information, visit exchange and study abroad entry requirements. Undergraduate English language requirements FAQs To be offered a place in an undergraduate degree at the University of Melbourne, you'll need to meet the University's minimum English language requirements for your course. These show that you have the English skills needed to take part in lectures, tutorials and assessments across your course. The University of Melbourne accepts several English language proficiency tests for undergraduate entry, including IELTS, TOEFL iBT, Pearson Test of English (PTE Academic), Cambridge English (CAE/CPE), LanguageCert Academic and the Michigan English Test. You'll find the full list of accepted tests and required scores on the English language requirements overview page. Yes. If you've completed approved secondary (high school) studies that were taught and assessed entirely in English, you may already meet the requirement. Check the list of approved secondary school English studies to see if your qualification meets our requirements. If your current score or qualification is below the minimum requirement, there are still ways in. You can take another recognised English test, or - if you're close - apply now and complete an approved foundation or bridging program through a conditional offer, before you start your degree. See other ways to satisfy English language requirements. Most undergraduate degrees require the same minimum English level, but some may have higher requirements depending on the course content. Always check your specific course page for the exact English language scores or qualifications you'll need to meet