Undergraduate fees and payments (international) As an international student, you'll enrol in your undergraduate degree as an international fee-paying student. Learn about tuition fees and how to pay them. Tuition fees Your tuition fees are based on the subjects you choose, not your course. The total fees you pay each year depend on your subject enrolment and study load. International fee place It's important you read and understand the University's current Terms and conditions for international students before accepting your offer and enrolling. Your tuition fees are calculated based on the discipline band and study load (EFTSL value)/credit points of each subject you study each year. You can find subject fees (fee amounts by discipline) and estimates of typical course fees in Tuition fee tables for international students. For previous years, go to Previous years' fees. Accept your offer and pay a deposit As part of accepting your offer and securing your place in a course, you'll need to pay a minimum deposit of AUD$17,000. The deposit payment is credited as the first instalment towards your tuition fees. If you're a student visa applicant, you also need to arrange Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) . If you choose for the University to arrange your OSHC, you'll pay for this at the same time as the tuition fee deposit. Once the payment is received, we'll send your Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) so you can begin your Australian student visa application. OSHC and CoE are only applicable to student visa applicants. If you withdraw from your course, your refund entitlement will be assessed in accordance with the Terms and Conditions for international students which form part of your written agreement with the University. Your refund entitlement, if any, will depend on your individual circumstances, including when you notify the University of your withdrawal and the reasons for your tuition fee deposit refund application. No refund of a tuition fee deposit will be provided where the University determines that an application or any supporting documentation provided to the University is fraudulent. Students who withdraw due to approved special circumstances may be eligible for a full refund in accordance with University policy. Pay your fees each study period Once you've completed your enrolment, an invoice for the balance of your tuition fees for the semester (or study period) will be available through the student portal. You'll need to pay your outstanding tuition fees by the due date. You can pay your tuition fees through CIBC foreign exchange (pay in your home currency), credit card, BPAY® or telegraphic transfer. Other fees and expenses If you're applying for a student visa, you must obtain OSHC for the proposed duration of your visa unless exempt. You need to have this in place for the duration of your stay in Australia. This will cover any medical treatment or emergency care needed when in Australia. The University of Melbourne can arrange visa-length OSHC for you through Bupa, the University's preferred provider. International students are not required to pay the Student Services and Amenities Fee (SSAF), this is covered by the University. If you'll be under 18 years of age when you arrive in Australia, you'll be required to have approved accommodation in place and register with the Under 18 International Student Supervision Program. There are additional fees you'll need to pay for this program until you are 18 years old. See Under 18 international students . You'll need to consider additional costs, fees, and incidentals associated with your studies, such as administrative fees, materials or resources (for example, textbooks or equipment), and field trips. A guide to non-tuition fees is available in Terms and conditions for international students. There will also be costs associated with living in Melbourne, including accommodation , food, weekly bills and transport. Learn more at Cost of living . Funding support and scholarships As an international undergraduate student, there are financial loans, scholarships and bursaries that can help pay student fees and other living expenses. Some scholarships and bursaries cover part or all of your course fees, and others are one-off grants. Search the Scholarships website . Visit Support and Wellbeing for advice on student loans, hardship grants and other support. Frequently asked questions Tuition fees vary by enrolled subjects and study load. Each course page lists estimated annual and total course fees. Your exact charges will appear in your Student Invoice once you select your subjects. Yes. International undergraduate students must pay a tuition fee deposit of AUD$17,000 when accepting their offer. Payment instructions are included in your offer letter. You can pay your fees online using approved payment methods such as a credit card or a bank transfer. Accepted options and instructions are provided in your offer letter and student portal. Yes. International students must maintain OSHC for the duration of their student visa. You can arrange OSHC through the University or purchase it from an approved provider.