Undergraduate offers and enrolment (international) If your application is successful, you'll receive an official offer email from the University. Find out how to accept, defer or decline your offer as an international student. How offers are made If you applied directly to the University for an undergraduate course, your application will be assessed as it's received. For most undergraduate degrees, selection is completed on a rolling basis, with offers issued throughout the year to applicants who meet the published selection criteria. For start year (Semester 1/February) intake, offers are made to all eligible international applicants during VTAC offer rounds . If your application is successful, you'll receive an official email offer from the University of Melbourne. Your offer will also be visible on your VTAC account. Sometimes offers are made pending you meet certain conditions - such as providing evidence of English language proficiency or submitting your final results. If your undergraduate degree offer is conditional, you need to meet the conditions before accepting the offer. Once you have the documentation to meet your offer condition(s), you can upload it directly to your application. See How to upload documents . Conditional CoE If you have an offer that is conditional on final results, you may be eligible to formally accept your offer and pay your tuition fee deposit early (prior to the receipt of these results) through the Conditional Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) process. A conditional CoE may be issued when final results will be released too late to otherwise get a visa, and the University is confident that you will satisfy the academic entry requirements of your course. Respond to your offer Congratulations, you've received an offer! To accept your offer, follow the instructions in your offer email. You can then enrol and start planning your studies with Melbourne. As part of acceptance, you'll need to pay your tuition fee deposit and Overseas Student Health Cover . After this, you'll receive an electronic Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) from the University. You'll need your CoE to apply for a student visa. If your offer is conditional, you'll need to meet its conditions before accepting it. You must respond to your offer by the date listed in your offer letter. If you need an extension, contact us as soon as possible. On the Get Started at Melbourne page, you can create a student account, apply for a student card, plan your study, enrol in subjects, find out about orientation and more. Get started at Melbourne Read our Terms and Conditions for International Students before completing your enrolment. Once you enrol, you'll be bound by our fees policy and agree to pay tuition fees for every semester that you're enrolled in. Applicants under 18 If you're under 18 years of age when entering Australia, you'll need to show you have appropriate accommodation, support and general welfare arrangements before accepting your offer. See Under 18 international students How to defer your offer You can apply to defer the commencement of your undergraduate course studies if your course allows deferral. If you want to defer, you'll need to submit a deferral application online by the census date , or you'll be charged course fees. Information on how to defer your offer, the University's deferral policy, and which courses accept deferrals is available on the Get Started at Melbourne page. Defer your offer How to decline your offer If you've received an offer and decided not to accept, you'll need to decline your offer. Alternatively, you can choose to defer your offer if you think you might change your mind later. Decline your offer Apply for advanced standing After receiving an offer, you can apply for advanced standing (credit or recognition of prior learning) based on any previous study you may have completed. If approved, this may reduce your course duration or number of subjects. Credit is not guaranteed. Advanced standing process Frequently asked questions You'll receive your offer through an email from the University of Melbourne. Those who applied directly will also receive an offer in the application portal, and those who applied through VTAC will be notified through their VTAC account. A conditional offer means you still need to meet specific requirements, such as final results or English language conditions. Once all conditions are met, your offer becomes unconditional. Follow the instructions in your offer letter to accept and enrol online. You must accept your offer by the deadline stated in your offer letter. Some undergraduate courses allow deferral, but this varies by course and intake. If deferment is available, details will be included in your offer. Your CoE is issued after you accept your offer, meet all conditions and complete any required payments (tuition fee deposit). You'll need your CoE to apply for an Australian student visa. Processing CoEs can take some time, so ensure you've applied early and accept your offer as soon as possible. Once your offer is confirmed, you'll receive instructions to set up your student account and complete online enrolment, including selecting subjects and confirming your details. No. You can accept your offer and complete enrolment online from overseas. However, you must meet your visa and arrival requirements before commencing any on-campus study.