Recognised VCE-equivalent qualifications for undergraduate applications The qualifications listed below are considered equivalent to the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) and are accepted for international and domestic undergraduate applications. Australian Year 12 qualifications You can confirm what a VCE subject prerequisite means in your state's high school studies by using VTAC's subject conversion tool . International students: The University has indicative ATAR entry scores for undergraduate degrees for international students completing an Australian Year 12. Only 'T' courses are suitable for tertiary entry. To satisfy prerequisites, subjects must be taken as a major, a major/minor, or a double major. Subjects taken as minors do not satisfy prerequisites. See ACT Board of Senior Secondary Studies. Board-developed courses are required. All prerequisite subjects require completion of at least 2 units of the subject, unless otherwise specified. See NSW Education Standards Authority. Authority subjects are required. See Queensland Curriculum and Assessment Authority. Prerequisite subjects must be passed at Stage 2. An English subject studied at Stage 2 must be completed to satisfy the compulsory English prerequisite for all courses at the University of Melbourne, in addition to other specified prerequisites. See NT Certificate of Education and Training. See South Australian Certificate of Education. Prerequisite subjects must be TASC accredited Level 3 or Level 4 courses. An appropriate Level 3 English subject is required to satisfy the compulsory English prerequisite for all courses at the University of Melbourne, in addition to other specified prerequisites. Mathematics subjects must be completed at a TASC Level 4. See Tasmanian Certificate of Education. Most students in Victoria take VCE studies. To obtain the VCE, you need to successfully complete at least 16 units. These need to include 3 sequences of Unit 3 and 4 subjects, and 3 units from an English subject group (including Unit 3 and 4). See Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority. Accredited WACE courses are required. Prerequisite subjects must be Stage 3 course units. See Western Australian Certificate of Education. International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma and GCE A Levels Domestic students studying these qualifications in Australia or overseas must apply through VTAC. Satisfactory completion of the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma is required. Unless otherwise indicated, all prerequisite IB studies require at least a grade of 4 Standard or Higher Level. For non-English speaking students, achieving the required grade in English B will be accepted as satisfying the English prerequisite. For all courses, applicants completing the IB can satisfy the VCE Mathematical Methods prerequisite by achieving a minimum grade of 4 in either Applications and interpretations HL, Analysis and approaches SL, or Analysis and approaches HL. For Bachelor of Agriculture (only), a minimum grade of 5 in Applications and interpretations SL can satisfy the mathematics prerequisite. How to apply if you're studying the IB Diploma The application method for the IB Diploma depends on whether you're a domestic or international student and where you're currently studying. I am Start year intake Mid-year intake An international student studying the IB outside Australia or New Zealand Apply direct to the University of Melbourne Apply direct to the University of Melbourne An international student studying the IB in Australia or New Zealand Apply through VTAC Apply direct to the University of Melbourne A domestic student studying the IB outside Australia or New Zealand Apply through VTAC Apply through VTAC A domestic student studying the IB in Australia or New Zealand Apply through VTAC Apply through VTAC Applying through VTAC IB applicants who apply through the Victorian Tertiary Admissions Centre (VTAC) receive a notional ATAR. This is based on the overall result in the IB Diploma, which is an aggregate of six IB subject scores plus Theory of Knowledge and the Extended Essay, with a maximum score of 45 points. The University accepts the notional ATAR as calculated by the annually updated combined conversion table, which is based on a methodology agreed to by the Australasian Conference of Tertiary Admissions Centres (ACTAC). The lowest selection rank from 2026 can be used as a guide for the standard required for entry in 2027. The lowest ATAR and selection rank to receive an offer will be determined by the number of places available and the competitiveness of the applicant cohort. View ATAR entry score guide International students studying the IB Diploma The University of Melbourne has entry scores guides for each undergraduate degree for international students who are completing the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma. IB entry score guides Entry standard (all applicants) A minimum of three A Levels is required, and a grade of at least C is required in prerequisite subjects unless otherwise specified. Approved GCE AS and A Level English subjects are: General Paper, General Studies, English Language and Literature, English Literature, English Language. Singapore A Level subject Knowledge and Enquiry (H2) is also accepted. A grade of at least C is required to meet the University's English language requirements. Domestic students studying the GCE A Levels If you are a domestic student currently completing the GCE A Levels overseas, you must apply for undergraduate study via the VTAC application system. Information for domestic students studying overseas International students studying the GCE A Levels All international applicants should apply for undergraduate study direct to the University of Melbourne. See International undergraduate applications for more information. The University of Melbourne has entry score guides for each undergraduate degree for international students who are completing the GCE A Levels. Accepted overseas high school qualifications The following qualifications have been approved for direct entry. The University does not accept non-Australian overseas secondary school qualifications completed wholly online through offshore study centres. Each qualification page provides a guide to entry scores and prerequisite subjects. Entry scores and prerequisites are also published on the entry requirements tab of all undergraduate course pages . Country/Region High school qualification Brazil Brazil National High School Exam - Exame Nacional do Ensino Medio (ENEM) Canada Alberta High School Diploma Canada British Columbia (Canada) Certificate of Graduation Canada Ontario (Canada) Secondary School Diploma/Canadian Pre-University Program Finland Ylioppilastutkinto Denmark Studentereksamen (STX) Europe European Baccalaureate France Baccalaureat Germany Abitur Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education India CBSE All India Senior School Certificate (AISSC) and CISCE Indian School Certificate (ISC) India Indian State Board Examinations Indonesia Indonesian National Curriculum Ireland Leaving Certificate Italy Esame di Stato Japan Japanese Upper Secondary School Graduation Certificate (Kotogakko Sotsugyo Shomeisho) Kazakhstan Kazakhstan Nazarbayev Intellectual Schools (NIS) Grade 12 Certificate Korea College Scholastic Administrative Test (CSAT) Malaysia The American Degree Transfer Program (ADTP) Malaysia Higher School Certificate (STPM) Malaysia Malaysian Diploma programs Malaysia Matriculation Certificate (Matrikulasi) Malaysia Taylors University Foundation in Science Malaysia Unified Examination Certificate (UEC) of independent Chinese high schools New Zealand National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA) New Zealand Taylors Auckland Foundation Year and The University of Auckland Certificate in Foundation Studies Norway Certificate for Upper Secondary Education (Vitnemal) Philippines Philippines Year 12 High School Diploma (academic track) Scotland Qualifications Certificate Singapore Singapore-Cambridge A Levels Singapore Polytechnic Diplomas South Africa National Senior Certificate Sri Lanka General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (A Levels) Sweden Upper Secondary School Leaving Certificate (Slutbetyg) Taiwan Taiwan Senior High School Diploma / Senior High School Graduation Certificate Thailand Thailand Certificate of Secondary Education United States of America High School Diploma GPA, SAT and ACT Vietnam High School Graduation Certificate Foundation studies programs (international only) If your qualification is not listed in the accepted overseas high school qualifications above, you may need to complete a foundation studies program as a pathway to study at the University of Melbourne. These programs will develop your essential knowledge in your chosen stream to provide the foundation to meet academic and English language requirements, and subject prerequisites for your chosen undergraduate course. While we accept a number of Australian foundation studies programs for entry, the University has a guaranteed pathway from the Trinity College Foundation Studies Program . There are entry score guides for each undergraduate degree for international students who are completing an Australian foundation studies program. Entry score guides (foundation studies) for international students Higher education and vocational studies Studies that you've completed after secondary school may qualify you for entry. You still need to meet the minimum entry requirements, including prerequisites, for your preferred course. If you're eligible for entry and have successfully completed learning elsewhere that's at a similar level and standard (and equivalent in content to studies within a University of Melbourne course), you may also be eligible for admission with credit. As a guide, minimum average results equivalent to at least 70% at the University of Melbourne will be required for entry to our undergraduate courses, where entry is based on studies completed at university level. The required level of performance may differ across intakes and vary by course. Entry cannot be guaranteed.