How to satisfy subject prerequisites There are several ways you can satisfy subject prerequisites for undergraduate or graduate study. This page explains equivalent subjects, alternative studies and tests you can use to meet our course prerequisites. About subject prerequisites Entry requirements for undergraduate and graduate-level study usually include, at a minimum, the successful completion of approved secondary or tertiary-level study (or equivalent) and meeting the University's English language requirements . Some degrees also have specific subjects you must complete to be eligible for entry, these are published on the course page. You can satisfy subject prerequisites by taking the studies or tests listed in the section below. How to satisfy undergraduate subject prerequisites You can complete subjects through the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) or equivalent secondary school qualifications to meet subject prerequisites. We recognise a broad range of Australian and international secondary school qualifications that are considered equivalent to the VCE. You must have completed VCE Units 3 and 4 to meet the subject prerequisite and achieve the minimum study score published on the entry requirements tab for your course. If you are studying in another Australian state or studying the International Baccalaureate (IB), you can use VTAC's VCE prerequisite conversion tool to check which studies from your home curriculum will meet VCE prerequisites. You can complete single subject study through our Community Access Program (CAP) which will enable you to meet the prerequisites for our undergraduate degrees. Single subject study can be taken in two modes - non-assessed or assessed. Non-assessed mode is suitable if you're taking a subject for interest or personal development. To be recognised as meeting a prerequisite for entry, you must take any single subjects in assessed mode and complete all the assessments, exams or requirements of that subject. This type of study is called enabling study. For prerequisite VCE subjects that require a study score of 25, a minimum pass grade (50-64 per cent) in the corresponding first-year subject (in assessed mode) will be required to satisfy the prerequisite. Completing a single subject as enabling study through CAP does not guarantee you an offer. Undergraduate course prerequisite Equivalent University of Melbourne subject VCE Biology 3/4 BIOL10008: Introductory Biology: Life's Machinery BIOL10010: Introductory Biology: Life's Complexity VCE Chemistry 3/4 CHEM10007: Fundamentals of Chemistry VCE Mathematical Methods 3/4 MAST10012: Introduction to Mathematics VCE Physics 3/4 PHYC10009: Foundations of Physics VCE Specialist Mathematics 3/4 MAST10005: Calculus 1 Refer to the University of Melbourne Handbook for more information about these subjects. This option is not available to international students (student visa holders or applicants). The Uni Ready Enabling Program (UREP) is an on-campus, six-month pathway designed to help you meet the Mathematical Methods 3/4 entry requirements for the Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Commerce. The UREP is free for students as it is fully funded by the Australian Government under the 'FEE-FREE Uni Ready Courses' initiative. Through four full-time subjects, you'll build the academic skills you need for university study, including mathematics subjects that can satisfy key entry requirements. Places are limited, and meeting eligibility doesn't guarantee an offer, but successfully completing the program can put you on a clear pathway into your chosen degree. This option is not available to international students (student visa holders or applicants). Undertaking an adult VCE program and selecting the relevant prerequisite subjects can help you meet entry requirements. Organisations that offer adult VCE include: Adult Community Education (ACE) Technical and Further Education (TAFE) Centre for Adult Education (CAE) For more information about adult VCE programs, visit VCAA - Return to Study . Foundation studies is a pathway option for international students who don't yet meet the entry or subject prerequisite requirements for their chosen undergraduate course. By completing a recognised foundation program, you can build the academic knowledge, study skills and subject background needed for university-level study, and progress to applying for undergraduate degrees once you meet the required results. We accept a broad range of foundation studies programs for entry. Examples of other ways to satisfy the University of Melbourne prerequisites are detailed below, but this list is not exhaustive. Contact us to discuss these options and others in more detail. Undergraduate course prerequisite Equivalent study and requirements VCE Biology 3/4 Successful completion of UniLearn Biology , which must include a minimum of 20 hours of online lab activities, with an overall grade of at least 75%. VCE Chemistry 3/4 Successful completion of UniLearn Chemistry , which must include a minimum of 26 hours of online lab activities, with an overall grade of at least 75%. VCE English 3/4 Successful completion (pass grade) of a minimum of one year of full-time study (100 credit points) in a graded tertiary program (delivered and assessed in English). OR Achieve the minimum scores set for an English language test approved by the University. Where English is your first language, the preferred test is the Pearson Test of English. VCE Mathematical Methods 3/4 Successful completion of UniLearn Senior Mathematics with an overall grade of at least 60%. OR Successful completion of the University of Melbourne's Calculus and Probability Online subject with a pass grade of at least 50% in one or both modules, as required. Required modules in Calculus and Probability Online will depend on your previous studies. Applicants completing this subject in the Summer intensive period are unable to use their results to be considered for a Bachelor of Agriculture, Bachelor of Biomedicine, Bachelor of Commerce or Bachelor of Science in the Semester 1 (start-year) offer in the same year. Applicants will need to consider applying for admission to their preferred undergraduate degree in the Semester 2 (mid-year) intake. OR Successful completion of the University of Queensland's Pure Mathematics online bridging course . How to satisfy graduate subject prerequisites For a select number of graduate degrees, you can complete specific single subjects through the Community Access Program (CAP) to meet course prerequisites. Refer to the Entry requirements tab of your chosen course to check for prerequisites. If you don't meet these through previous study, you may be able to satisfy them by completing subjects in assessed mode via CAP. Where University of Melbourne-specific subjects are recommended, they will be listed in the course entry requirements (and some examples are provided below). Single subjects are offered in two modes: non-assessed and assessed. Non-assessed study is suitable if you're undertaking a subject for personal interest or development. To meet a prerequisite for course entry, you must enrol in assessed mode and complete all required assessments, exams, and subject requirements - this is known as enabling study. Completing a subject as enabling study through CAP does not guarantee you an offer. While subjects may be considered as part of your application, enrolling in or completing enabling study does not guarantee admission to a course. Graduate course Subject code Subject name Doctor of Dental Surgery ANAT20006 Principles of Human Structure BCMB20002 Biochemistry and Molecular Biology BIOL10004 Biology of Cells and Organisms BIOL10005 Genetics and the Evolution of Life CHEM10003 Chemistry 1 CHEM10004 Chemistry 2 CHEM10009 Advanced Chemistry for BioSciences PHYS20008 Human Physiology Doctor of Physiotherapy ANAT20006 Principles of Human Structure BIOL10004 Biology of Cells and Organisms BIOL10005 Genetics and the Evolution of Life PHYS20008 Human Physiology Master of Architecture ABPL10004 Global Foundations of Design ABPL20027 Architecture Design Studio: Earth ABPL20028 Architecture Design Studio: Water ABPL30050 Modern Architecture: MoMo to PoMo ABPL30053 Formative Ideas in Architecture ABPL30065 Introduction to Architectural Design ABPL30066 Architecture as Political History ARCH10001 Foundations of Design: Representation Refer to the University of Melbourne Handbook for more information about these subjects. This option is not available to international students (student visa holders or applicants). If you've completed university or TAFE subjects If you've studied previously at university or TAFE, you may find that subjects you've already completed satisfy the prerequisites for your preferred course. Your results will usually need to be less than 10 years old (with the exception of English). To have your subjects assessed, submit a syllabus/subject outline with your application. How to submit a syllabus for assessment If the subject or qualification you have completed (or intend to complete) does not appear as an already approved option on this page, you must submit a detailed syllabus or subject outline with your course application. This enables your subjects to be assessed by our academics to determine if they satisfy the published prerequisites for your preferred undergraduate degree. All domestic students, as well as international students who are studying in Australia, apply for undergraduate study through VTAC. To submit supporting documentation for assessment, you'll need to: provide a detailed copy of your syllabus or subject outline to our Admissions team via our enquiry form include your full name and email address as they appear in your VTAC application, your VTAC application number, and the University of Melbourne course/s you have applied for indicate that the nature of your enquiry is 'Entry requirements', then briefly outline which of your previous studies you believe may be equivalent to the published course prerequisite. International students who are applying for undergraduate study from outside Australia apply direct to the University of Melbourne. Provide your syllabus or subject outline to our Admissions team by uploading it with your supporting documents in your online application . When you apply direct to the University of Melbourne for a graduate course, provide your syllabus or subject outline to our Admissions team by uploading it with your supporting documents in your online application . Frequently asked questions Every course lists any required subjects and minimum study scores in the 'entry requirements' section of the course page. You'll need to meet these prerequisites to be considered for selection. Check the course page for prerequisites, then compare them to the study you are completing/have completed - if you don't meet a prerequisite, use the information on this page to understand what alternatives may be accepted. If you're missing a required subject, you may be able to complete an equivalent subject or further study that satisfies the requirement. Check the information on this page or the course page for acceptable alternatives and pathways. Yes. Some prerequisites can be met through university or TAFE subjects that are equivalent to the required Year 12 or tertiary-level content. These will be assessed as part of your application for an undergraduate or graduate degree when you submit a syllabus or subject outline. If your study score or WAM doesn't meet the minimum requirement for your degree, you generally won't be eligible for direct entry. You may need to find an alternative way of meeting the prerequisite. No. Applying for an equity scheme like Access Melbourne or Graduate Access Melbourne may adjust your selection rank, but it does not change the requirement to meet all subject prerequisites. You must still meet the published prerequisite subjects and minimum study scores to be considered.