International students under 18 If you'll be under 18 when you begin your studies at Melbourne, there are additional accommodation and welfare requirements you must meet before you can be issued a student visa. This page explains your options and how to arrange appropriate support. Requirements you must meet If you're an international student and will be under 18 years of age when you arrive to study at the University of Melbourne, you must have appropriate accommodation, support and welfare arrangements in place before you can be issued a student visa by the Department of Home Affairs. You can satisfy the welfare conditions for your student visa by choosing an approved Under 18 accommodation option . Depending on the option you choose, your accommodation and welfare arrangements must be approved by either the Department of Home Affairs or the University of Melbourne. This requirement also applies if you hold a packaged offer with Trinity College Foundation Studies, Hawthorn-Melbourne, or another Australian education provider. You don't need to apply for accommodation or to have your accommodation arrangements approved until you've received an offer of study. However, it's worth reading through this information so you're aware of your options. Under 18 International Student Supervision Program If your accommodation and welfare arrangements are approved by the University, you must enrol in the Under 18 International Student Supervision Program. This program ensures your accommodation and welfare are appropriate and provides ongoing support and encouragement until you turn 18. An administrative fee applies to join the program as well as weekly supervision until you reach 18 years of age. See Under 18 International Student Supervision Program fees for details. Need help? If you have questions about accommodation, welfare arrangements or the supervision program, contact the International Under 18 Student Supervision team for advice and guidance. Email the team (int-under18@unimelb.edu.au)