Skip to main content Scholarships Melbourne International Undergraduate Scholarship Scholarship Melbourne International Undergraduate Scholarship No application required. Check eligibility Key scholarship details Application status Open for automatic consideration Benefit amount 20% fee remission Eligible study level Undergraduate Eligible student type International students Eligible study stage Future study Benefit duration One or more years Summary The Melbourne International Undergraduate Scholarship is offered to talented students who are enrolling in a bachelor degree and are citizens of countries where international educational opportunities are limited by financial disadvantage. Benefits Scholarships awarded before 2027 provide a 25 per cent fee sponsorship for the duration of the course. From 2027, the scholarships provides a 20 per cent fee sponsorship for the duration of the course and the number of scholarships will increase to 225. Amount: 20% fee remission Duration: One or more years Quantity: At least 110 Eligibility and selection criteria Eligibility To be considered for this scholarship, you must: Be a citizen of a country with a Gross Domestic Product per capita of US$10,000 or less based on data published by the World Bank. See: Eligible countries Have received an offer for an Overseas Fee place in a bachelors degree for commencement in the year the scholarship is offered. Not have previously undertaken tertiary studies (excluding extension studies completed as part of a year 12 program) Selection criteria The scholarship is offered to the student(s) ranked highest based on their final secondary school or foundation studies results. Selection scores are reviewed annually and may vary between years. Scholarship selection is not based on predicted results. Conditions This scholarship is subject to the Coursework Scholarships Conditions and can be deferred to the following academic year. The scholarship cannot be held with another scholarship or sponsorship that provides a fee sponsorship or discount. Study level: Undergraduate Student type: International students Study stage type: Future study Study area: Agricultural and veterinary sciences; Architecture, building, planning and design; Arts, humanities and social sciences; Business and economics; Education; Engineering; Environment; Health; Information technology and computer science; Law; Music, visual and performing arts; Science Need help understanding the process? Visit our scholarship guide Application How to apply You are automatically considered for this scholarship, if you have applied for a course. When will I know the outcome? Successful candidates will be notified of the outcome within five working days of receiving a course offer. Unsuccessful candidates will not be notified. Status: Open for automatic consideration The information listed here is subject to change without notice. Where we have listed information about jointly run scholarships programs, please also see our partners' websites. Information describing the number and value of scholarships awarded is indicative. Looking for more study options? Courses and career pathways Browse all undergraduate and graduate courses, study areas and career pathways on the Study website. Explore courses Graduate research Whatever your passion, you'll discover stimulating research opportunities at Australia's #1 ranked university. Research at Melbourne International students Find support, advice and what to expect living and studying as an international student at the University of Melbourne. Learn more How can we help? Find a scholarship View scholarship guide FAQ Contact us Acknowledgement of Country We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people as the Traditional Owners of the unceded lands on which we work, learn and live. We pay respect to Elders past, present and future, and acknowledge the importance of Indigenous knowledge in the Academy. Read about our Indigenous priorities Site footer About us Careers at Melbourne Safety and respect Newsroom Contact Campus locations Contact details Phone 13 MELB (13 6352) International +61 3 9035 5511 Address The University of Melbourne Grattan Street, Parkville Victoria 3010 Australia Connect with us Emergency Terms & privacy Accessibility Privacy The University of Melbourne (Australian University): PRV12150 CRICOS number: 00116K ABN: 84 002 705 224