Guaranteed and minimum entry scores for international students Admission criteria To be eligible for an offer, you must meet the general entry requirements of your preferred undergraduate degree. Check the entry requirements tab of the course page to find out more about specific entry requirements by degree. In addition to meeting course and subject prerequisites and English language requirements, you will need to meet the minimum entry score for the degree. The University has established minimum and guaranteed entry scores for each undergraduate degree to provide certainty and assurance to international applicants. These scores are listed on each course page. Entry requirements About guaranteed and minimum entry scores Guaranteed entry scores have been set for international applicants seeking entry based on a range of Australian and internationally recognised qualifications. Guaranteed entry scores are applicable if you're studying any of these qualifications: GCE A Levels International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Australian Year 12 Trinity College Foundations Studies Program. Your offer from the University of Melbourne is assured if you achieve or exceed the published guaranteed entry score and meet the course entry requirements. Guaranteed scores apply only if no further study has been undertaken after completion of your secondary education or foundation program. If you're not studying one of the qualifications listed above, guaranteed scores do not apply. We accept a wide range of recognised Australian and overseas high school qualifications and provide indicative entry scores for those. Some undergraduate courses set a minimum entry score. If your score is below the guaranteed entry score but is at or above the published minimum entry score, you may still receive an offer depending on how your results rank against other eligible applicants. You must also meet the minimum eligibility requirements, and meeting them does not guarantee an offer. Results below the published minimum cannot be accepted. The University accepts predicted or forecasted results for GCE A Level, International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma, and select other curricula, provided specific conditions are met. These results are generally accepted for admission into most undergraduate courses. If you receive a conditional offer for an undergraduate coursework program, you may be eligible to accept your offer and pay your tuition deposit early through the Conditional Confirmation of Enrolment (CoE) process prior to the release of your final results. Guaranteed entry scores by qualification Use the pages below for each qualification to see the guaranteed entry scores based on your curriculum. Each undergraduate degree also publishes a guaranteed entry score for international applicants on its individual course page. Country / Region Qualification International GCE A Levels International International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Australia Australian Year 12 Australia Trinity College Foundation Studies Frequently asked questions A guaranteed entry score means you'll receive an offer if you meet all course requirements and achieve that score. A minimum entry score is the lowest score you can have to be considered - meeting it doesn't guarantee an offer. Yes. If you meet the minimum entry score and all other requirements, you may still be considered based on how your results compare to those of other applicants. No. Guaranteed entry scores apply only to selected qualifications, such as IB, GCE A Levels, VCE, and Trinity College Foundation Studies. If you're studying another qualification, indicative scores are provided instead. Yes. The University accepts predicted results for qualifications like IB and GCE A Levels. You may receive a conditional offer, which becomes final once your official results meet the required entry score. No. Guaranteed and minimum entry scores on this page are for international applicants. If you're a domestic student studying overseas , these scores can be used as a guide, but your application will be assessed under domestic entry requirements.