Resources for international students Explore support, advice and what to expect living and studying as an international student at Melbourne-ranked #4 globally for liveability (Global Liveability Index, EIU). How to apply Download our course guides A multicultural, vibrant experience Located in the state of Victoria, on the south east coast of Australia, you will be living and studying in Australia's cultural capital. Ranked one of the world's most liveable cities for over a decade-currently the world's #4 most liveable city (Economist Intelligence Unit) and #4 in the QS Best Student Cities list 2027-Melbourne is renowned for its vibrant arts scene, sports culture, multicultural cuisine and excellent public transport. Discover Melbourne The Melbourne lifestyle Explore the city's famous cobblestone lanes, go to a music festival, take in a world-class theatre production, sample amazing cuisine or watch an Aussie Rules football match. Live like a local Take a virtual tour Explore the University campuses and facilities with a self-guided, online tour at a time that suits you. Learn about our seven campuses, classrooms, libraries, labs and student spaces. See our world class facilities How to make friends Join one of over 200 University clubs, the Melbourne Peer Mentor Program or volunteer to meet like-minded people. Check out advice from other students on how they adapted to life and study in Melbourne. Tips from international students A cost of living guide The average annual expense of living in Melbourne is AUD $20,000 but this can vary depending on your lifestyle. Find out what to expect to pay for food, transport, bills and accommodation. Get ready financially Prepare, get settled and live your best life Visas Most international students require a student visa to study in Australia. There are different student visas based on the type of course you will be studying. Read visa information Accommodation Live in the heart of Australia's most liveable city. The University of Melbourne has an Accommodation Offer for all commencing students who are new to Melbourne, subject to availability. Explore accommodation options Under 18? Additional support, guidance and activities for international students under 18 is available to help your transition to University and ensure academic success. Read more about this program Moving support Find out all the things you need to do and when to do them before relocating to study in Melbourne. Moving to Melbourne guide Bringing your family You can bring your immediate family members to live with you in Australia while you study. Learn how to access childcare, schooling, visas and support for your loved ones. More about family support Study hubs Located in the heart of Melbourne, the Study Melbourne Hub is a Victorian Government initiative offering free and confidential support services, social events and professional development programs to help you thrive during your studies and to prepare you for post-study work life. Learn more about the Study Melbourne Hub Need more information on the application process? How to apply Find help in your country View our list of overseas education agents who can help you with your application process. Find an overseas representative Live webinars Information for you and your family to support your transition to life at Melbourne. Events Explore upcoming course information sessions for students available online and in person.