Skip to main content To front page Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide All UT contacts Accessibility Est Eng Search Type in the keyword(s) Close Back General contacts Rector's Office Faculty of Arts and Humanities Dean's Office, Faculty of Arts and Humanities https://humanitaarteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5341 [email protected] Jakobi 2, r 116-121, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of History and Archaeology https://ajalugu-arheoloogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5651 [email protected] Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Estonian and General Linguistics https://keel.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5221 Jakobi 2, IV korrus, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Philosophy and Semiotics https://filsem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5314 Jakobi 2, III korrus, ruumid 302-337, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Cultural Research https://kultuuriteadused.ut.ee/et Staff contacts +372 737 5223 [email protected] Ülikooli 16, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Theology and Religious Studies https://usuteaduskond.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5300 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Foreign Languages and Cultures https://maailmakeeled.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Viljandi Culture Academy https://viljandi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 435 5232 [email protected] Posti 1, 71004 Viljandi linn, Viljandimaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Social Sciences Dean's Office, Faculty of Social Sciences https://sotsiaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5957 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Education https://haridus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6450 [email protected] Jakobi 5, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Johan Skytte Institute of Political Studies https://skytte.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5583 [email protected] Lossi 36, ruum 301, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Economics and Business Administration https://majandus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6310 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Psychology https://psuhholoogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5902 [email protected] Näituse 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Law https://oigus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5397 [email protected] Näituse 20 - 118, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Social Studies https://yti.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5188 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Narva College https://narva.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 740 1900 [email protected] Raekoja plats 2, 20307 Narva linn, Ida-Virumaa Pärnu College https://pc.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 445 0520 [email protected] Ringi 35, 80012 Pärnu linn, Pärnu linn, Pärnumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Medicine Dean's Office, Faculty of Medicine https://meditsiiniteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5326 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Biomedicine and Translational Medicine https://biomeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4210 [email protected] Biomeedikum, Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Pharmacy https://farmaatsia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5286 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Dentistry https://hambaarstiteadus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 731 9856 L. Puusepa 1a, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Clinical Medicine https://kliinilinemeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5324 [email protected] L. Puusepa 8, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Family Medicine and Public Health https://tervis.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4190 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Sport Sciences and Physiotherapy https://sporditeadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5360 [email protected] Ujula 4, 51008 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Science and Technology Dean's Office, Faculty of Science and Technology https://reaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5820 [email protected] Vanemuise 46 - 208, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Computer Science https://cs.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5445 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Estonian Marine Institute https://mereinstituut.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 671 8902 Mäealuse 14, 12618 Tallinn, Harjumaa Institute of Physics https://fi.ut.ee Staff contacts W. Ostwaldi 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Chemistry https://chem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5261 [email protected] Ravila 14a, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Mathematics and Statistics https://math.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5863 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology https://tymri.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5027 Riia 23, 23b - 134, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Tartu Observatory https://kosmos.ut.ee/ Staff contacts Observatooriumi 1, 61602 Tõravere alevik, Nõo vald, Tartumaa Institute of Technology https://tuit.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4800 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Ecology and Earth Sciences https://omi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5835 [email protected] J. Liivi tn 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Bioengineering https://bioengineering.ut.ee Staff contacts Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Genomics https://genoomika.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5029 [email protected] Riia 23b/2, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Rector Rector's Strategy Office Staff contacts +372 737 5600 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Internal Audit Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Academic Affairs Office of Academic Affairs Staff contacts +372 737 5620 Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Youth Academy https://teaduskool.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5581 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Student Union Office https://tyye.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18b, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Learning and Teaching https://ut.ee/opetamine Staff contacts Ülikooli 18a (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Research University of Tartu Library https://utlib.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5702 [email protected] W. Struve 1, 50091 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Grant Office Staff contacts +372 737 6215 Ülikooli 18a, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Director of Administration Estates Office Staff contacts +372 737 5638 Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Information Technology Office Staff contacts +372 737 6000 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Marketing and Communication Office Staff contacts +372 737 6569 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruumid 102, 104, 209, 210, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Administrative Office Staff contacts +372 737 6302 [email protected] Ülikooli 18A (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Head of Finance Finance Office Staff contacts +372 737 5125 [email protected] Jakobi 4, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Procurement Office Staff contacts Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Development International Cooperation and Protocol Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruum 305, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Museum https://muuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 25, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Natural History Museum and Botanical Garden https://natmuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Entrepreneurship and Innovation https://eik.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4805 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Academic Secretary Human Resources Office Staff contacts +372 737 5145 [email protected] Uppsala 6, Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Press https://tyk.ee/et Staff contacts Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Accessibility Est Eng All UT contacts Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Admissions Admissions Why choose us Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School Lifelong learning Getting started Image Spend one day as a University of Tartu student Why choose us International Student Ambassadors Student shadowing Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Close menu Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Student support Study abroad for UT students Traineeship Regulations and documents Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Image Here you find the most important information about studies at UT Protection of students' interests and rights Guidelines for using AI applications for teaching and studies Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Especially for international students Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Close menu Research Research Overview of the research fields Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Close menu Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news Close menu International International International contacts at institutes Networks Partner universities Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process Close menu About us About us Organisation Values and responsibility Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact Image Equal treatment at the University of Tartu In the university, there is no space for workplace bullying, unequal treatment, and sexual harassment. Read more Organisation Structure University governance UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Sustainable university Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Close menu News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Image Keep up with University of Tartu news Read the latest news on research, governance and other important topics. Read all news Close menu Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Image Join the UT mentoring programme! Close menu Admissions Admissions Why choose us Why choose us International Student Ambassadors International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact Lifelong learning Getting started Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Student support Especially for international students Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Study abroad for UT students Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Research Research Overview of the research fields Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news International International International contacts at institutes Networks Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process About us About us Organisation Organisation Structure University governance University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents Values and responsibility Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Sustainable university Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Author: Andero Kalju Home Admissions Home Admissions admissions Contact Student Admissions If you have any further questions about applying to the University of Tartu, please do not hesitate to contact us. Contact form Bachelor's and master's studies at the University of Tartu Please find below general information regarding admission to English-taught bachelor's and master's programmes at the University of Tartu (UT). In 2026 we offer admission to 28 English-taught programmes: 3 first level programmes and 25 master's level programmes, including the Erasmus Mundus programme Excellence in Analytical Chemistry. You can also study at the University of Tartu via several joint programmes . NB! Russian citizens who, according to the legislation of the Republic of Estonia, lack the following, are not eligible to apply for the 2026/2027 academic year admission to the university: the right to apply for a long-term visa or residence permit for study purposes; a valid residence permit or the right to reside in Estonia until the end of the nominal period of study according to the curriculum or a valid residence permit or right of residence of a permanent resident of Estonia or a citizen of the European Union for residence in Estonia with a close relative or other family member. For programme-specific admission requirements and a step-by-step application guide, please find the webpage of the programme of your interest: See our programmes and admission requirements ADMISSIONS 2026 Application period: 2 Jan - 15 March 2026 for master's programmes 2 Jan - 15 April 2026 for bachelor's programmes and Medicine Admission results: 30 April 2026 for master's programmes 1 June 2026 for bachelor's programmes and Medicine Studies start: 31 August 2026 for most programmes MSc Excellence in Analytical Chemistry Application period: Period 1: 5 Nov 2025 - 5 Jan 2026; Period 2: 7 Jan - 5 Feb 2026 Admission results: Period 1 results: 6 March 2026; Period 2 results: 7 April 2026 Studies start: 31 August 2026 MA Entrepreneurship in Economic Policymaking Application period: 1 Sept - 15 Sept 2026 Admission results: 12 October 2026 Studies start: 8 February 2027 General application procedure and requirements Before applying Who can apply? To apply for bachelor's programmes , secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. To apply for master's programmes , a bachelor's degree or equivalent qualification is required. Please see our country-specific requirements for additional information regarding the required qualification and educational certificates. NB! Russian citizens who, according to the legislation of the Republic of Estonia, lack the following, are not eligible to apply for the 2026/2027 academic year admission to the university: the right to apply for a long-term visa or residence permit for study purposes; a valid residence permit or the right to reside in Estonia until the end of the nominal period of study according to the curriculum or a valid residence permit or right of residence of a permanent resident of Estonia or a citizen of the European Union for residence in Estonia with a close relative or other family member. All applicants must also submit a proof of English language proficiency - please see the acceptable tests and exempt categories . In addition to the above-mentioned general requirements each programme also has programme-specific admission criteria which might require a result in a specific subject (for bachelor´s programmes) or prerequisite courses (for some master´s programmes) in previous studies. Please see the admission requirements of the programme of your interest to learn more. My graduation is after the application deadline, can I still apply? Depending on the country where you are graduating and/or the study level you are applying for, it may be possible to apply with your most recent grades/transcript. For bachelor's programmes : you can apply if you are graduating in the upcoming spring/summer in one of the member countries of the EU, EEA or OECD , or in one of the member countries of CIS (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan) or in Georgia, Moldova or Ukraine or completing the IB Diploma programme or graduating with A-level exams. Graduation certificates must be submitted by the end of July at the latest. Applicants from other countries can only apply if they have already received their final graduation documents by the application deadline. For master's programmes : applicants graduating in the upcoming spring/summer can apply with the most recent transcript. Graduation certificates must be submitted by the end of July at the latest. NB! Please see our country-specific requirements for further details on the required documents. Which programme to choose? Please see the list of available study programmes . On each programme´s website, you will find a full overview of the programme, the specific requirements for applying and a step-by-step application guide. When can I apply? Application for admission 2026 (with studies starting on 31 August) is open during the following periods: 5 Nov 2025 - 5 Jan 2026 and 7 Jan- 5 February 2026 for MSc Excellence in Analytical Chemistry 2 Jan - 15 March for master's programmes 2 Jan - 15 April for bachelor's programmes and Medicine Can I apply for more than one programme? It is possible to apply for up to two programmes . Do all students have to pay the tuition fee? Students admitted to our English-taught programmes either have to pay for their studies or may receive a tuition-waiver student place. Most of our English-taught study programmes (but not all) offer tuition-waiver student places. A tuition-waiver student place means that the student receiving this student place does not have to pay the tuition fee if they complete a full-time study load. There is no separate application for a tuition-waiver. All tuition-waivers are distributed together with the student place offers to the top ranking applicants according to the general ranking list. Please check the website of the programme of your interest to find out whether a programme has tuition-waiver student places. NB! There are no tuition waivers on English-taught bachelor's programmes. Starting from the academic year 2026/2027, the university will no longer offer tuition waivers to newly admitted students from countries outside of EU/EEA. Can I apply for scholarships? In the Estonian education system there are very few additional scholarships available for applicants and students, especially on bachelor's level. General information on scholarships can be found here . On master´s level there are some programme-specific scholarships available. Please check the website of the programme of your interest to find out about other possible stipend offers. Documents The candidate has to upload electronic copies of all required documents to their online application. Only complete online applications will be considered by the Admissions Committee. Which documents do I need to submit? Before submitting your online application please make sure which documents need to be submitted and when by consulting the requirements and the step-by-step application guide at the website of the programme of your interest . Educational certificates All copies of educational documents must be officially certified, i.e. certified copies. Certified copies are documents bearing the original signature and seal of the authority which certify that these are true copies of the original documents. The documents can be certified 1) by an authorized official of the issuing institution, 2) by a notary, or 3) with an Apostille attached. We do not accept simple copies made on the basis of already certified copies. NB! Some special country-specific requirements may also specify the way documents must be certified. What happens if the documents submitted were either fraudulent or do not grant access to higher education? The University of Tartu reserves the right to withdraw or amend any offer or revoke the enrolment of a student if it becomes evident that the application contains fraudulent information, the qualification does not provide access to the chosen study programme or the student is found to have omitted key information from the application. Should such circumstances occur, the university will not be liable for any material or immaterial loss which the student may suffer as a result. Application fee International candidates are required to pay a non-refundable application fee of EUR 100. Applicants are exempt from the application fee if: 1) they have Estonian citizenship or 2) they have completed the previous study level in Estonia or 3) they have been admitted to the same study programme and sent hard copies of their application to UT in 2025 or 4) they have been enrolled in the same study level in the academic year 2023/2024 or later. An application (including education documents) will only be processed after the University has received the fee. Read more about paying the application fee . Online application In order to apply for the University of Tartu the candidate has to submit an online application in Dream Apply Estonia by the application deadline. The list of required documents to be uploaded with the application is specified on each programme´s website . Submitting the application All candidates must create an account in the online application system . The application can be edited over a longer period of time and submitted once the application is complete. The application must be submitted by the application deadline at the latest. Submitted applications can not be edited. It is only possible to upload new documents (e.g. graduation certificates). Guide to submitting electonic application on DreamApply. Receiving feedback Submitted applications will be reviewed by the University and you will receive feedback from the Admissions Office. If the application is complete, you will receive positive feedback and your application will be forwarded to the Admissions Committee for evaluation (happens after the application deadline). If your application is not complete, you will receive feedback regarding the missing documents (including the deadline for submitting them). You can reopen the submitted application to add the missing documents and resubmit the application. Applicants will receive all notifications through the DreamApply system and to their e-mail (used for registering in DreamApply) as well. Entrance exams If necessary and fixed in a programme's admission requirements, the applicant must also take an entrance examination. Please check the website of the chosen programme for possible examinations and their requirements. Examinations will be carried out via Zoom or other electronic channels. Evaluation and results The Admissions Committee will announce admission results for English-taught master's programmes by 30 April, bachelor's programmes by 1 June. Evaluation of applications Students are admitted according to ranking lists formed on the basis of entrance requirements set separately for each programme . The admission procedure is regulated by the University of Tartu's Admission rules for I and II level programmes . See further information on assessing candidates' academic performance and calculating admission scores . How do I find out about the results and when do I have to notify the University of my decision? Admission notifications will be sent electronically through the DreamApply Estonia application system. All admitted candidates must accept or decline the offer in DreamApply within 7 days . How can I contest the admission decision? If you think that your application was not treated fairly even though you met all the requirements and followed all the guidelines, you can contest the decision of the Admissions Committee. To do so you have to send your written contestation to your coordinator at the Admissions Office within three business days from the announcement of the decision. The admissions coordinator will then forward the contestation to the chair of the Admissions Committee for review in the Disputes Committee. You will be informed of their decision within 3 working days. Can I postpone my studies to the next academic year? Students accepted to the University of Tartu cannot postpone the beginning of their studies to the next academic year. NB! Please be aware that those students who have been enrolled to the University of Tartu and would like to apply and be re-enrolled to the same programme in the following two years cannot study free of charge. Thus, it is of utmost importance that the students starting their studies at the university would inform the university early enough to make sure that their admission could be cancelled before the enrolment and the beginning of an academic year. Accepted candidates Accepted candidates are required to mail the printed and signed application form with the rest of the required documents to the University within 3 weeks from the announcement of the offer (unless instructed otherwise by the admissions staff). After accepting the admissions offer please post the documents to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA . If your application documents do not reach us in 3 weeks, the University of Tartu has a right to withdraw the admission offer. Paying the tuition fee (applicable to applicants who received a fee-based study place offer) EU/EEA/Swiss citizens are required to pay the fee for the first semester once they arrive in Tartu (by 20 September at the latest after signing the fee contract, please read more here ). Admitted students from other countries are required to pre-pay half of the first semester's tuition fee . The invoice along with the pre-payment deadline and payment details will be sent to applicants via DreamApply after they have accepted the admission offer and the University has received the hard copies of the application documents. Second part of the fee is due on 20 September. NB! The official admission letter (necessary for visa application) will only be issued once the University has received the pre-payment. Once you have been offered a fee-based student place , be aware that it will not be changed into a fee waiver student place . Also, by transferring the pre-payment to the university, you confirm that you have informed yourself about the process of the visa and temporary residence permit application and you are able to arrive in Estonia by the start of the academic year. If you have any questions concerning visa or residence permit please contact [email protected] . Admission letter The official admission letter will be sent to admitted students electronically via DreamApply only after the Admissions Office has received and reviewed the hard copies of the application documents and received the tuition fee pre-payment (if a pre-payment was required). For entering Estonia , non-EU citizens need to apply for a long term visa (D type visa) in an Estonian embassy abroad in person. Once they are in Estonia, a temporary residence permit (TRP) application process can be started (if applicable). To apply for a visa you will need the official admission letter that you received via DreamApply (the electronic document will suffice, there is no need for a hard copy). Please see more information about applying for the visa . Registration upon arrival (non-EU citizens) NB! Admitted students who are not citizens of an EU or EEA country or Switzerland need to make sure they obtain the Estonian long-term visa on time in order to be able to participate in the orientation programme for international students held in the last week of August. They are also required to visit the Admissions Office in person to complete their arrival registration by August 31, 2026 , at the latest. Failure to do so will result in the revocation of their admission decision and visa. Cost of tuition Learn more Scholarship information Read more Bachelor's and Master's studies in Estonian Read more Frequently Asked Questions See FAQ here Map of UT buildings Contacts Accessibility Data protection policy IT helpdesk Services and procurements Gift shop Reporting channel Website feedback