Skip to main content To front page Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide All UT contacts Accessibility Est Eng Search Type in the keyword(s) Close Back General contacts Rector's Office Faculty of Arts and Humanities Dean's Office, Faculty of Arts and Humanities https://humanitaarteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5341 [email protected] Jakobi 2, r 116-121, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of History and Archaeology https://ajalugu-arheoloogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5651 [email protected] Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Estonian and General Linguistics https://keel.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5221 Jakobi 2, IV korrus, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Philosophy and Semiotics https://filsem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5314 Jakobi 2, III korrus, ruumid 302-337, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Cultural Research https://kultuuriteadused.ut.ee/et Staff contacts +372 737 5223 [email protected] Ülikooli 16, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Theology and Religious Studies https://usuteaduskond.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5300 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Foreign Languages and Cultures https://maailmakeeled.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Viljandi Culture Academy https://viljandi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 435 5232 [email protected] Posti 1, 71004 Viljandi linn, Viljandimaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Social Sciences Dean's Office, Faculty of Social Sciences https://sotsiaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5957 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Education https://haridus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6450 [email protected] Jakobi 5, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Johan Skytte Institute of Political Studies https://skytte.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5583 [email protected] Lossi 36, ruum 301, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Economics and Business Administration https://majandus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6310 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Psychology https://psuhholoogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5902 [email protected] Näituse 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Law https://oigus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5397 [email protected] Näituse 20 - 118, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Social Studies https://yti.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5188 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Narva College https://narva.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 740 1900 [email protected] Raekoja plats 2, 20307 Narva linn, Ida-Virumaa Pärnu College https://pc.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 445 0520 [email protected] Ringi 35, 80012 Pärnu linn, Pärnu linn, Pärnumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Medicine Dean's Office, Faculty of Medicine https://meditsiiniteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5326 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Biomedicine and Translational Medicine https://biomeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4210 [email protected] Biomeedikum, Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Pharmacy https://farmaatsia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5286 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Dentistry https://hambaarstiteadus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 731 9856 L. Puusepa 1a, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Clinical Medicine https://kliinilinemeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5324 [email protected] L. Puusepa 8, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Family Medicine and Public Health https://tervis.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4190 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Sport Sciences and Physiotherapy https://sporditeadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5360 [email protected] Ujula 4, 51008 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Science and Technology Dean's Office, Faculty of Science and Technology https://reaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5820 [email protected] Vanemuise 46 - 208, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Computer Science https://cs.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5445 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Estonian Marine Institute https://mereinstituut.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 671 8902 Mäealuse 14, 12618 Tallinn, Harjumaa Institute of Physics https://fi.ut.ee Staff contacts W. Ostwaldi 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Chemistry https://chem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5261 [email protected] Ravila 14a, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Mathematics and Statistics https://math.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5863 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology https://tymri.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5027 Riia 23, 23b - 134, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Tartu Observatory https://kosmos.ut.ee/ Staff contacts Observatooriumi 1, 61602 Tõravere alevik, Nõo vald, Tartumaa Institute of Technology https://tuit.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4800 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Ecology and Earth Sciences https://omi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5835 [email protected] J. Liivi tn 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Bioengineering https://bioengineering.ut.ee Staff contacts Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Genomics https://genoomika.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5029 [email protected] Riia 23b/2, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Rector Rector's Strategy Office Staff contacts +372 737 5600 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Internal Audit Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Academic Affairs Office of Academic Affairs Staff contacts +372 737 5620 Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Youth Academy https://teaduskool.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5581 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Student Union Office https://tyye.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18b, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Learning and Teaching https://ut.ee/opetamine Staff contacts Ülikooli 18a (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Research University of Tartu Library https://utlib.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5702 [email protected] W. Struve 1, 50091 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Grant Office Staff contacts +372 737 6215 Ülikooli 18a, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Director of Administration Estates Office Staff contacts +372 737 5638 Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Information Technology Office Staff contacts +372 737 6000 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Marketing and Communication Office Staff contacts +372 737 6569 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruumid 102, 104, 209, 210, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Administrative Office Staff contacts +372 737 6302 [email protected] Ülikooli 18A (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Head of Finance Finance Office Staff contacts +372 737 5125 [email protected] Jakobi 4, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Procurement Office Staff contacts Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Development International Cooperation and Protocol Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruum 305, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Museum https://muuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 25, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Natural History Museum and Botanical Garden https://natmuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Entrepreneurship and Innovation https://eik.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4805 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Academic Secretary Human Resources Office Staff contacts +372 737 5145 [email protected] Uppsala 6, Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Press https://tyk.ee/et Staff contacts Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Accessibility Est Eng All UT contacts Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Admissions Admissions Why choose us Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School Lifelong learning Getting started Image Spend one day as a University of Tartu student Why choose us International Student Ambassadors Student shadowing Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Close menu Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Student support Study abroad for UT students Traineeship Regulations and documents Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Image Here you find the most important information about studies at UT Protection of students' interests and rights Guidelines for using AI applications for teaching and studies Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Especially for international students Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Close menu Research Research Overview of the research fields Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Close menu Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news Close menu International International International contacts at institutes Networks Partner universities Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process Close menu About us About us Organisation Values and responsibility Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact Image Equal treatment at the University of Tartu In the university, there is no space for workplace bullying, unequal treatment, and sexual harassment. Read more Organisation Structure University governance UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Sustainable university Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Close menu News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Image Keep up with University of Tartu news Read the latest news on research, governance and other important topics. Read all news Close menu Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Image Join the UT mentoring programme! Close menu Admissions Admissions Why choose us Why choose us International Student Ambassadors International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact Lifelong learning Getting started Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Student support Especially for international students Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Study abroad for UT students Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Research Research Overview of the research fields Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news International International International contacts at institutes Networks Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process About us About us Organisation Organisation Structure University governance University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents Values and responsibility Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Sustainable university Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Home Admissions Bachelor's and master's studies in English Home Admissions Bachelor's and master's studies in English admissions Country-specific requirements Below requirements for educational documents for specific countries are explained. Please consult the requirements for the country where you graduated before submitting your application. If your country is not included on our list below then there are no special requirements for submitting your documents. In this case, please follow the general guidelines for international applicants which you can find in the step-by-step application guide on each programme's webpage (under Admission requirements "How to apply"). Need information about our English language requirements? See here General requirements for educational documents I will not have my final graduation documents by the application deadline, can I still apply? It depends on the country where you are graduating and/or the study level you are applying for. Applying for Bachelor's programmes You can apply with current grades , if you are graduating: in one of the member countries of the European Union, European Economic Area or OECD; in Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgystan, Moldova, Russia,Tajikistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan; from an IB Diploma programme or with a General Certificate of Education with A-level exams. Applicants from these countries and programmes who are graduating in the upcoming spring/summer and having their graduation documents issued later than the application deadline should electronically submit their most recent grade sheet or transcript with results for all higher secondary school years (including grades/results for the last autumn semester) by the application deadline, 15 April . The grade sheet or transcript should be supplemented by an official statement from the issuing school or university indicating current enrollment and expected graduation date. Admitted candidates are required to post the certified copies of their graduation documents as soon as these have been issued. Certified copies and translations (if applicable) of your final official graduation documents must reach us by 10 July if you graduate in Estonia and by 31 July if graduate abroad. If you are graduating in some other country than one of those specified above then you cannot apply with current grades and can only apply if you have already received your final graduation documents . In case you cannot upload a copy of your final graduation documents by the application deadline 15 April then we encourage you to apply next year, once you have received all required graduation documents. Appyling for Master's programmes All applicants from all countries applying for master's level programmes who are graduating in the upcoming spring/summer can apply on condition that they will submit their most recent official transcript (including grades/results for the last autumn semester) by the application deadline. In case you get admitted, your certified copies and translations (if applicable) of your final official graduation documents must reach us by 10 July if you graduate in Estonia and by 31 July if graduate abroad. Original documents or copies? You are required to submit (upload to your DreamApply application and, in case you get admitted, also send by post) certified hard copies of the original documents (unless instructed otherwise in your country-specific requirements below). By certified copies we mean copies that are certified by the issuing institution or by a notary as true copies of the originals. Simple copies are never accepted. Also, please note that for some countries special document requirements may apply, therefore be sure to check our country-specific requirements below. Please note that the University of Tartu does not return documents sent to the Admissions Office during the application process nor issue certified copies of the submitted documents. Documents in the original language and/or in English? Educational documents that you are submitting with your online application have to be both in the original language and in English, translation certified. As certified translations we consider translations done by a sworn translator and/or certified by a notary as true translations of the original, or official translations made by the issuing institution (school or university) itself. Also, in the last case, if your institution issues official documents in English, then these will suffice and documents in the original language are not needed. What does "certified documents/translations" mean? As certified documents/copies we consider document copies that are certified by the authorities of the issuing institution (school, university, exam centre etc) bearing their original signature, stamp etc, or certified by a notary as true copies of the originals. NB! For some countries special certification requirements exist, therefore be sure to also check our country-specific requirements below. As certified translations we consider 1) official translations made by the issuing institution (school, university, exam centre etc) bearing their original signature, stamp etc, or 2) translations certified by a sworn translator or notary. Evaluation of your previous qualification For the evaluation of applicants' education documents (qualifications) our Admissions Office works in close cooperation with the Estonian ENIC/NARIC Centre . Should questions arise regarding the suitability of your previous qualifications or access to higher education in Estonia, the University of Tartu has a right to send your educational documents to the Estonian ENIC/NARIC Centre for further evaluation at any point of the admission procedure . NB! Applicants themselves do not have to send the documents to the Estonian ENIC/NARIC Centre, this is done by our Admissions Office. Please note that the admission decision received from the University of Tartu is valid only after a positive evaluation decision is received from the ENIC/NARIC Centre. In case of negative evaluation decision the University of Tartu is obliged to withdraw the study place offer and/or cancel the enrollment. The University of Tartu is not liable for possible material or non-material damage arising from the revocation of an admission decision. Country-specific document requirements African countries NB! If you have graduated your previous study level in Nigeria , Ghana , Cameroon , Gambia, Liberia, Ethiopia or Sierra Leone please find the respective country's requirements on the list below. If you have graduated your previous study level in one of the other African countries the following general document requirements apply for you: Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary school certificate Secondary school grade sheet Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been officially certified. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. NB! It should be noted that the Higher National Diploma and degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant access to master's or level programmes at the University of Tartu. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or corresponding qualification documents Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records and a certified copy of the diploma (degree certificate) to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA . Australia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies senior secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Senior Secondary Certificate of Education awarded on the completion of the 12th year of education (such as the Higher School Certificate/Queensland Certificate of Education etc. The exact title of the certificate depends on the state/territory giving out the qualification. ) Record of Achievement / Statement of Results / Senior Statement Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) certificate Or Certificate IV/ Diploma / Advanced Diploma Record of Result / Record of Competences Achieved / Academic Transcript If your graduation documents were issued digitally, share your credentials using CredFolio. Alternatively, credentials can be sent to the University of Tartu's admission office (to [email protected] ) through an official online verification system, if available, or have them sent directly by your school. ATAR certificate may be a simple copy if the original document was issued electronically and includes a QR code and/or a verification link. If your graduation documents were issued on paper, you will be asked to send your documents by post after being accepted to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary). Applying for Master's programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's Degree Certificate Bachelor's Degree Academic Transcript/ Statement of Academic Record/Australian Higher Education Graduation Statement (AHEGS). Please do not send documents by post unless it has been personally requested from you. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from the higher education institution which awarded the qualification to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Alternatively, the higher education institution may send the academic transcript directly to the University of Tartu's admission office (to [email protected] ) or share it via MyeQuals https://www.myequals.edu.au/ portal. Azerbaijan Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary school certificate ( Tam orta təhsil haqqında attestat ) Secondary school grade sheet with final grades Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Transcript of records Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Bangladesh Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) or Provisional Certificate, or Alim, or a corresponding vocational qualification Higher Secondary School Certificate Academic Transcript NB! Course grades lower than 50% are considered a negative result in Estonia. Applicants with more than 10% of the final course grades lower than 50% do not qualify for university studies in Estonia. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma or Provisional certificate NB! Degree certificates awarded by affiliated colleges will not be accepted. The degree certificate must be issued by the Registrar's Office or the Controller of Examinations Office at the main university. Transcript of records/statement of marks (for all semesters) NB! The transcript must include course names for all completed courses. Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records (certified by the issuing institution, i.e. your previous educational institution) to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Belarus Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Атэстат аб агульнай сярэдняй адукацыі Or Дыплом аб сярэдняй спецыяльнай адукацыi Приложение к диплому Or Дыплом аб прафесiянальна-тэхнiчнай адукацыi Приложение к диплому Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Дыплом аб вышэйшай адукацыi ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement ( Выпiска з залiкова-экзаменацыйнай ведамасцi/Выписка из зачетно-экзаменационной ведомости ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Brazil Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary School Certificate ( Diploma de Ensino Médio / Certificado de Conclusão 2 º Grau / Diploma de Técnico de Nivel Médio / 2 Grau ) Transcript ( Histórico Escolar Serie 1,2,3 ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Bacharel, Licenciado/Titulo Profissional ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Cameroon Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Anglophone General Certificate of Education (O-level, A-level) Confirmation of Examination Results ordered from the Cameroon General Certificate of Education Board for the O-level and A-Level examination results. NB! For university eligibility a minimum result of C for at least four subjects on Ordinary level and a minimum result of D for at least two subjects on Advanced level is expected. Also, if a result for a specific subject (for Mathematics, for example) is required for applying for the chosen programme then the applicant must have an A-level result for the requested subject (for Mathematics, for example). Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the sending of the Confirmation of Examination Results from the Cameroon General Certificate of Education Board for each level and each year. The Confirmation should be sent in a closed envelope directly by the Board to the University of Tartu based on the request of the applicant to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Francophone Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement Secondaire/Baccalauréat Technique Relevé de Notes (Mark Sheet) Authentification/Confirmation de résultat ordered from the Office du Baccalaureat for the Baccalauréat exams . All applicants to bachelor's programmes must order the Confirmation of Examination Results from the Cameroon General Certificate of Education Board for each level and each year. Confirmation should be sent in a closed envelope directly by the Board to the University of Tartu based on the request of the applicant. Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the examination results to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. NB! It should be noted that the Higher National Diploma and degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant access to master's level programmes at the University of Tartu. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Anglophone Attestation of Result of Bachelor's Degree/Degree Certificate Academic Record/Academic Transcript Francophone Bachelor's Degree Success Testimonial ( Attestation de Réussite ) Transcript ( Relevé de Notes ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Canada Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: High School Diploma/Secondary School Diploma (not applicable, if official transcript confirms that the requirements for graduation are fulfilled) High School Academic Transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree Academic Transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. China Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Senior Secondary School Graduation Certificate Senior Secondary School transcripts of records (3 academic years) Chinese National Colleges and University Entrance Examination (GaoKao) Credentials/Verification Report that proves the authenticity of the GaoKao examination certificate. Credentials Report/Verification Report that proves the authenticity of the Gaokao exam certificate must be requested (in English) from the Center for Student Services and Development (CSSD) . Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree (Benke), a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate (and an official translation into English) Bachelor's programme graduation diploma (and an official translation into English) Bachelor's transcript of records (and an official translation into English) Verification report (in English) of the degree certificate and the official transcript* *All applicants to master's level programmes from China must order to the University of Tartu 1) a verification report (in English) for their degree certificate from Center for Student Services and Development (CSSD) . See the verification report sample here . 2) a verification report (in English) for their official transcript from Center for Student Services and Development (CSSD) . See the verification report sample here . NB! If you are completing your undergraduate studies this summer, you must request two verification reports for your transcript: one during the application period and another after graduating from your previous university. Please note that you should also submit with your application all credentials (such as the verification report application number etc) if these are necessary for us to be able to check your results online. Please do not send any documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send the documents by post simple copies of the documents previously uploaded to DreamApply will suffice. Egypt Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: General Secondary Education Certificate ( Thanaweya A`ama ) Statement of Marks issued by the local Directorate/Administration of Education Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. We strongly advise that applicants have their General Secondary Education Certificate legalized in the Estonian Embassy in Cairo. The Statement of Marks must be sent to University of Tartu´s postal address upon request of the applicant by the local Directorate/Administration of Education. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or provisional certificate Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Estonia The information here is applicable for you only in case you hold any other citizenship than Estonian and you have obtained your previous qualification in Estonia. If you are an Estonian citizen, please apply via SAIS ( www.sais.ee ). Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Certificate of General Secondary Education ( keskkooli/gümnaasiumi lõputunnistus ) Upper secondary school transcript of grades ( hinneteleht, since 2003) State examinations results (until 2009 riigieksamitunnistus, from 2009 onwards in electronic format available at eesti.ee ) Or Certificate of Vocational Secondary Education ( kutsekeskhariduse lõputunnistus ) Transcript of grades ( hinneteleht ) Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate Bachelor's degree academic transcript /diploma supplement Ethiopia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Ethiopian Higher Education Entrance Qualification Certificate (EHEEQC)/The Ethiopian University Entrance Examination Certificate issued by National Educational Assessment and Examinations Agency (previous qualifications by The National Organization for Examinations). NB! Results lower than 50% are considered a negative result in Estonia. Applicants with more than 10% of the results lower than 50% do not qualify for university studies in Estonia. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. NB! It should be noted that the Higher National Diploma and degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant access to master's level programmes at the University of Tartu. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or a corresponding qualification Transcript of records Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Finland Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Lukion päättötodistus and Ylioppilastutkintotodistus (in Swedish: A vgångsbetyg från gymnasiet and S tudentexamensbetyg) Or Perustutkinto tutkintotodistus and opintorekisteriote (in Swedish: G rundexamen examensbetyg/examensbevis and studieprestationsutdrag/studieregisterutdrag) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Kandidaatti, Ammattikorkeakoulututkinto ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. France Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Diplôme de Baccalauréat Général / Technologique / Professionnel Relevé de Notes du Baccalauréat (academic transcript) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Licence ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement ( Relevé de Notes et Résultats ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Gambia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. West African Senior School Certificate Examination West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) needs to show all examination results, the total score, date of the exam and the code or number of the examinee. The document has to be the official final exam certificate issued by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) or National Examinations Council (NECO) . Certificates issued by the school or print-outs from the online verification are never accepted. For university eligibility it is expected a result of A1-C6 for at least 5 subjects (6 subjects in case of two exam sessions) including the mandatory English and Mathematics . Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, the examination certificate must be sent directly to the University of Tartu (to Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA). An unused Scratchcard for verifying the examination results must be included. Used scratch cards or copies are not acceptable. More information is available on http://www.waecdirect.org or https://app.waecgambia.org/resultchecker/resultchecker.aspx NB! In case of any discrepancies between name and/or birthdate on your senior school documents (WAEC/NECO certificate) and passport a Confirmation of Results must be ordered directly from the exam centre to the University of Tartu (to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA). A sworn affidavit will not suffice. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. NB! It should be noted that the Higher National Diploma and degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant access to master's or level programmes at the University of Tartu. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or corresponding qualification documents Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records and a certified copy of the diploma (degree certificate) to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Georgia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: General Education Diploma ( Sruli zogadi ganatlebis atestati ) Secondary Education mark sheet Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate ( Bakalavri ) Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Germany Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife / Fachhochschulreife Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Bachelor ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript / Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Ghana Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: West African Senior School Certificate Examination West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) needs to show all examination results, the total score, date of the exam and the code or number of the examinee. The document has to be the official final exam certificate issued by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC). Certificates issued by the school, print-outs from the online verification or other such documents are never accepted. WASSCE results must include at least 3 core subjects (including English and Mathematics) and 3 free choice subjects. Exams are mandatory for the minimum result of C6. NB! Please note, in case of any discrepancies between name and/or birthdate on your senior school documents (WAEC/NECO certificate) and passport a Confirmation of Results must be ordered directly from the exam centre to the University of Tartu (to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA). A sworn affidavit will not suffice . Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been officially certified. An unused Scratchcard for verifying the examination results must be included. Used scratch cards or copies are not acceptable. More information is available on http://www.waecdirect.org or https://ghana.waecdirect.org/ . Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. NB! It should be noted that the Higher National Diploma and degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant access to master's or level programmes at the University of Tartu. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or corresponding qualification documents Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Hong Kong Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Applicants who graduated before 2012: Hong Kong Advanced Level Examination (HKALE) Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination (HKCEE) Applicants who graduated after 2012: Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) The documents certifying the qualification must be issued by the Hong Kong Examinations and Assessment Authority and sent directly to the University of Tartu. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been officially certified and official translations in English are included. The documents certifying the qualification must be sent to University of Tartu's postal address (University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA) by the Hong Kong Examinations and Assessment Authority upon request of the applicant. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or corresponding qualification documents Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Israel Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Higher secondary school certificate ( Bagrut ) NB! In order to qualify for bachelor's studies in Estonia the applicant has to have passed at least 5 subjects with the total of at least 21 units, including at least one subject of 5 units. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included (in case the original documents are not in English). Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate Transcript of records Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included (in case the original documents are not in English) . India Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Higher Secondary School Certificate issued by Examination Board or a corresponding 10+2 certificate awarded upon completion of higher or intermediate secondary education Marks Statement NB! Course grades lower than 50% are considered a negative result in Estonia. Applicants with more than 10% of the final course grades lower than 50% do not qualify for university studies in Estonia. Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records and the certificate to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from the examination board to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or Provisional Certificate The Bachelor's degree certificate or Provisional Certificate must be awarded by the University and not the College. Transcript of records The Transcript of Records may be awarded by the College Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records (certified by the issuing institution, i.e. your previous educational institution) to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Indonesia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required: The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Senior Secondary School Certificate ( Ijazah Sekolah Menengah Atas, SMA ) State Examination Certificate ( Surat Keterangan Hasil Ujian Nasional ) Mark Sheet ( Daftar Nilai ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Sarjana ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Iran Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Graduates from 1996-2018 have to present: Certificate of Completion of Pre-University Studies Certificate of Completion of Secondary School Studies Academic transcripts for all years of studies (Pre-University and Secondary School studies separately) Graduates from 2019 have to present: Certificate of Completion of Secondary Education Academic transcripts Please make sure that the copies of education documents have been certified by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the translations are certified by both the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by the Department of Official Translators Affairs of the judiciary of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Karshenasi ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript Applicants who hold both the Bachelor's degree and Associate degree, should include documents of both credentials to their application. Please make sure that the copies of education documents have been certified by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the translations are certified by both the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by the Department of Official Translators Affairs of the judiciary of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Iraq Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary School Certificate ( wathîqa madrasiyya / almarhalla al-i'dâdiyya ) or Baccalaureate Certificate (in Kurdistan region) or Secondary School Certificate of Vocational Baccalaureate ( wathîqa madrasiyya / ali'dâdiyya al-mihaniyya ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been certified by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and official translations in English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been certified by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and official translations in English are included. Ireland Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Leaving Certificate or Level 5 Certificate Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree (Honours) diploma Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Italy Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary education diploma ( Diploma di Superamento dell'Esame di Stato ) Certifica Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Laurea Certificate Transcript or Diploma Supplement or both Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Japan Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required: The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Senior High School Graduation Certificate Senior High School Academic Transcript (years 10-12) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) hard copies and that certified translations into English are included. NB! Self-certified graduation certificates and transcripts, including printouts or screenshots from self-service websites, are not acceptable. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's Degree Certificate Bachelor's Degree Academic Transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) hard copies and that certified translations into English are included. NB! Self-certified degree certificates and transcripts, including printouts or screenshots from self-service websites, are not acceptable. Kazakhstan Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Аттестат об общем среднем образовании (Аттестат о среднем общем образовании) / Жалпы орта бiлiм туралы аттестат Приложение к аттестату об общем среднем образовании / Жалпы орта білім туралы аттестатқа қосымша Or Аттестат об окончании старшей школы / Жоғары мектепті бітіру туралы аттестат Приложение к аттестату об окончании старшей школы / Жоғары мектепті бітіру туралы аттестатқа қосымша Or Диплом о техническом и профессиональном образовании / Техникалық және кәсіптік білім туралы диплом Приложение к диплому о техническом и профессиональном образовании / Техникалық және кәсіптік білім туралы дипломға қосымша Or Диплом о среднем профессиональном образовании / Кәсіптік орта білім туралы диплом Приложение к диплому о среднем профессиональном образовании / Кәсіптік орта білім туралы дипломға қосымша Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Бакалавр ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript ( Приложение к диплому / Дипломға қосымша ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Liberia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. Liberia Senior High School Certificate The Liberia Senior High School Certificate Examination (LSHSCE) needs to show all examination results, the total score, date of the exam and the code or number of the examinee. The document has to be the official final exam certificate issued by the West African Examinations Council, Liberia . Certificates issued by the school or print-outs from the online verification are never accepted. For university eligibility it is expected a result of A1-C6 for at least 6 subjects , including the mandatory English and Mathematics . Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been officially certified. An unused Scratchcard for verifying the examination results must be included More information is available on https://results.liberiawaec.org/ . NB! In case of any discrepancies between name and/or birthdate on your senior school documents (LSHSCE certificate) and passport a Confirmation of Results must be ordered directly from the exam centre to the University of Tartu (to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA). A sworn affidavit will not suffice. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. NB! It should be noted that the Higher National Diploma and degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant access to master's or level programmes at the University of Tartu. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or corresponding qualification documents Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records and a certified copy of the diploma (degree certificate) to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Latvia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Diploma of general secondary education ( Atestāts par vispārējo vidējo izglītību ) Statement of records ( Sekmju Izraksts ) Certificate of State Examination ( Vispārējās vidējās izglītības sertifikāts ) You need to upload state exam certificates for each exam. Or Diploma of vocational secondary education ( Diploms par profesionālo vidējo izglītību ) Statement of records ( Sekmju Izraksts ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Bakalaurs / Profesionālais bakalaurs ) Bachelor's Diploma Supplement ( Diploma pielikums ) Or Profesionālā augstākā izglītība un augstākā profesionālā kvalifikācija Diploma Supplement ( Diploma pielikums ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Lithuania Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Maturity Certificate ( Brandos Atestatas ) Supplement to certificate ( Brando atestato priedas ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Bakalauras / Profesinis bakalauras ) Diploma Supplement ( Diplomo priedėlis ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Mexico Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary School Certificate ( Bachiller (Certificado de Estudios) ) Transcript (years 10-12) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Título Profesional/Licenciado ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Nepal Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: National Examinations Board Certificate (previously Higher Secondary Education Board Certificate/Migration certificate) Academic Transcript (years 11-12) NB! Course grades lower than 50% are considered a negative result in Estonia. Applicants with more than 10% of the final course grades lower than 50% do not qualify for university studies in Estonia. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or Provisional degree certificate Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Netherlands Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary education diploma ( Hoger Algemeen Voortgezet Onderwijs diploma or Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs diploma ) Mark Sheet ( Hoger Algemeen Voortgezet Onderwijs cijferlijst or Voorbereidend Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs cijferlijst ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Bachelor's degree academic transcript and Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Nigeria Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: West African Senior School Certificate or Senior School Certificate. West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) or Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) needs to show all examination results, the total score, date of the exam and the code or number of the examinee. The document has to be the official final exam certificate issued by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) or National Examinations Council (NECO). For university eligibility it is expected a result of A1-C6 for at least 5 subjects (6 subjects in case of two exam sessions) including the mandatory English and Mathematics. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been officially certified. WAEC result checker card information (with a valid pin and serial number) for verifying the examination results must be included. We also accept NECO result token cards for verifying NECO examination results from 2018 and onwards. Please note: You are required to submit the officially issued certificate. Certificates issued by the school or print-outs from the online verification are never accepted. In case of any discrepancies between name and/or birthdate on your senior school documents (WAEC/NECO certificate) and passport a Confirmation of Results must be ordered directly from the exam centre to the University of Tartu (to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA). A sworn affidavit will not suffice. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Transcript of records Please note: A Higher National Diploma (HND) does not grant an access to Master level studies Degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant an access to Master level studies at the University of Tartu Any discrepancies between name and/or birthdate on your documents must be explained with official documentation by the issuing institution that confirms change of name/birthdate or new documents with corrected name and/or birthdate must be requested from the issuing institution. A sworn affidavit will not suffice. Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Norway Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Certificate for Upper Secondary Education and Training ( Vitnemål for videregående opplæring ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Bachelor's degree Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Pakistan Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Intermediate (Examination) Certificate / Higher Secondary (School/Examination) Certificate or a corresponding 10+2 certificate Higher Secondary School transcript / marks certificate / statement of marks Please note that course grades lower than 50% are considered a negative result in Estonia. Applicants with more than 10% of the final course grades lower than 50% do not qualify for university studies in Estonia. NB! If you studied according to the British system then please see qualification requirements for United Kingdom. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please note that the education documents must be attested by the Interboard Committee of Chairman (IBCC) . Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate Transcript of records Please note : The transcript must include course names for all completed courses 2-year Bachelor (Pass) degree does not grant an access to Master level studies. To apply for master´s studies, 2-year Master´s degree is required. Both bachelor´s and master´s degree certificates and transcripts must be uploaded to the online application system. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents you must arrange a copy of the official transcript of records (certified by your previous educational institution/university) to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution/university to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Alternatively the transcript of records can be sent by the applicant if attested by the Higher Education Commission (HEC) . All other education documents (such as a copy of your diploma) must always be attested by the Higher Education Commission (HEC) . the Philippines Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Senior High School Diploma ( Katibayan/Katunayan ) or National Certificate II, III or IV Academic transcript/ Student Permanent Record (covering Grades 11 and 12) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent directly from the school to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's Degree Diploma Bachelor's Degree Official Transcript of Records Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent directly from the university to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Portugal Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Certidao do engino secondare Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate ( Licenciado ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Russia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary School Certificate ( Аттестат о среднем (полном) общем образовании / Аттестат о среднем общем образовании (issued since 2014)) Academic Transcript ( Приложение к аттестату ) Certificate of Unified State Examination ( Свидетельство о результатах единого государственного экзамена ) 2009-2013, since 2014 certificate of results of unified state examinations issued by the school. Secondary school graduates of the current year may upload a copy of their online results at the state portal and provide log-in credentials for https://checkege.rustest.ru so their results could be verified. A copy of your internal passport ( внутренний паспорт РФ ) for verifying the results of unified state examinations or Диплом о среднем профессиональном образовании Приложение к диплому о среднем профессиональном образовании Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Диплом бакалавра ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement ( Приложение к диплому ) Sending documents Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, ensure the following: * your original education documents mentioned are certified with an apostille (it has to be physically attached to the original document) * copies of the education documents bearing the apostille are notarized * official and notarized translations of education documents in English are included. Sierra Leone Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. West African Senior School Certificate Examination West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) needs to show all examination results, the total score, date of the exam and the code or number of the examinee. The document has to be the official final exam certificate issued by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) or National Examinations Council (NECO) . Certificates issued by the school or print-outs from the online verification are never accepted. For university eligibility it is expected a result of A1-C6 for at least 5 subjects (6 subjects in case of two exam sessions) including the mandatory English and Mathematics . Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, the examination certificate must be sent directly to the University of Tartu (to Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA). An unused Scratchcard for verifying the examination results must be included. Used scratch cards or copies are not acceptable. More information is available on http://www.waecdirect.org or https://www.waecsierra-leone.org/ResultChecker/ . NB! In case of any discrepancies between name and/or birthdate on your senior school documents (WAEC/NECO certificate) and passport a Confirmation of Results must be ordered directly from the exam centre to the University of Tartu (to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA). A sworn affidavit will not suffice. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. NB! It should be noted that the Higher National Diploma and degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours" or "Pass" do not grant access to master's or level programmes at the University of Tartu. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree certificate or corresponding qualification documents Bachelor's transcript or records Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records and a certified copy of the diploma (degree certificate) to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Slovakia Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Upper secondary education diploma ( Vysvedčenie o maturitnej skúške ) Transcript ( Dodatok k vysvedčeniu o maturitnej skúške ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Bakalár ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. South-Korea Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: High School Certificate of Graduation or Vocational High School Certificate of Graduation or High School Graduation Equivalency Examination (Korean GED, Geom-jeong-go-shi ) High School academic transcript (Certificate of results) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Spain Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary education diploma ( Título de Bachiller Certificate /Título de Técnico Superior Certificate ) Certificación académica Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Título de Grado ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Sri Lanka Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary School Certificate (General Certificate of Education (O-level) Secondary School Certificate (General Certificate of Education (A-level) NB! For access to higher education studies in Estonia the applicant has to have positive results for at least 3 A-level exams and a result of at least 30 points for the course Common General Test . Also, if a result for a specific subject (for Mathematics, for example) is required for applying for the chosen programme then the applicant must have an A-level result for the requested subject (for Mathematics, for example). In addition to necessary A-level results the applicant has to have positive results for at least 5 O-level exams (including mother tongue and Mathematics). Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been officially certified and official translations in English are included. The Transcript of Records must be sent to University of Tartu postal address (Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA) upon request of the applicant by the Sri Lanka Department of Examinations. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Bachelor's degree academic transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Sweden Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Higher Education Preparatory Diploma ( Högskoleförberedande examen ) or Yrkesexamen with access to higher education or Intyg för behörighet till högskolestudier Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Türkiye Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: The Secondary School Graduation Certificate ( Lise Diplomasi or Anadolu Lisesi Diplomasi ) / Vocational secondary education certificate ( Meslek Lisesi Diplomasi ) The academic transcript of secondary school Exam results issued by ÖSYM (must grant access to higher education in Turkey) Graduates: until 2009 (including 2009) have to present ÖSS exam results ( Öğrenci Seçme Sınavı ) 2009 until 2017 have to present two exam results YGS ( Yükseköğretime Geçiş Sınavı ) and LYS ( Lisans Yerleştirme Sınavları ) from 2018 have to present YKS exam results ( Yükseköğretim Kurumları Sınavı ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of education documents have been officially certified and official translations in English are included. Exam results (ÖSS, YGS, LYS) do not have to be verified by the ÖSYM only on condition that the presented document provides information about the applicant's code ( Sonuç Belgesi Kontrol Kodu) . Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's Diploma ( Lisans Diplomasi ) Transcript or Diploma Supplement or both NB! Transcripts must be ordered through e-Government, as UT needs to verify transcripts by using the barcode number in the "Transcript Belgesi Doğrulama" . Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Ukraine Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Secondary School Certificate ( Атестат про повну загальну середню освiту ; graduates from 2019 onwards: Свідоцтво про повну загальну середню освiту ) Secondary School academic transcript ( Додаток до атестата про повну загальну середню освiту ; graduates from 2019 onwards: Д одаток до свідоцтва про повну загальну середню освiту ) or Junior Specialist's diploma ( Диплом молодшого спеціаліста ) Junior Specialist's transcript ( Додаток до диплома молодшого спеціаліста ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma ( Диплом бакалавра ) Bachelor's degree academic transcript ( Додаток до диплома про вищу освiту ) Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. United Kingdom Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: General Certificate of Education (GCE) with at least: 2 A-Level exams, or 4 AS-Level exam results, or 1 A-Level + 2 AS-Level exam results, or a corresponding level of vocational education, or at least Level 3 vocational qualification equal to 2 A-Level examinations. or Scottish Qualifications Certificate with at least: 4 Higher level examinations NB! Also, please note that if a result for a specific subject (for Mathematics, for example) is required for applying for the chosen programme then the applicant must have an A-level result for the requested subject (for Mathematics, for example). In this case AS -level results are not acceptable. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary). Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Bachelor's degree academic transcript/Diploma Supplement NB! Degrees classified as "3rd Class Honours", "Ordinary" or "Pass" do not grant an access to Master level studies at the University of Tartu. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary). USA Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: High School Diploma/Secondary School Diploma (not applicable, if official transcript confirms that the requirements for graduation are fulfilled) High School Academic Transcript Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution or by a verified electronic clearinghouse. The official transcript must have a recent date of issue and show the student's high school graduation date. University of Tartu´s postal address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree Academic Transcript In general applicants who have graduated in the USA do not have to submit a bachelor's degree diploma. The transcript alone will suffice as long as it clearly states the graduation date and the degree obtained. NB! If you have transferred credits from another institution, including high school credits that were considered for your degree, you must provide official transcripts from the institutions where the credits were originally earned. Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the official transcript of records to be sent in a sealed envelope directly from your previous educational institution to the following address: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. Alternatively, the transcript can be sent to the University of Tartu's admission office (to [email protected] ) via an official online verification system if this is available. Vietnam Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies secondary education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Upper secondary school certificate Upper secondary school grade sheet Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. Applying for Master's Programmes To apply for master's studies a bachelor's degree, a diploma of professional higher education or a corresponding qualification is required. The following educational documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Bachelor's degree diploma Transcript of records Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary) and that certified translations into English are included. International AS and A levels Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies the following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: General Certificate of Education (GCE) NB! Qualifications must be issued by official UK awarding bodies. We accept International A-levels from the main examining boards (Cambridge International Exams (CIE), Pearson/Edexcel, Oxford International AQA Exams). The certificate must include results for at least 2 A level exams, or 4 AS level exam results, or 1 A level + 2 AS level exam results, or a corresponding level of vocational education, or at least level 3 vocational qualification equal to 2 A level examinations. NB! Also, please note that if a result for a specific subject (e.g., Mathematics) is required for applying for the chosen programme then the applicant must have an A level result for the requested subject (e.g., Mathematics). In this case AS level results are not acceptable. For programme-specific application requirements please see the programme's admission webpage. NB! Information for students graduating with A level exams in the upcoming spring/summer Applicants graduating with A level exams in the upcoming spring/summer and having their certificate issued later than the application deadline can apply with their most recent grade list. Please note that if a result for a specific subject (e.g., Mathematics) is required for applying for the chosen programme then the applicant must have an A level result for the requested subject (e.g., Mathematics). In this case AS level results alone are not sufficient. For programme-specific application requirements please see the programme's webpage. By the application deadline your school must issue a predicted grade certificate for the A level exams. These predicted grades are used by universities, as part of the admissions process, to help universities to understand an applicant's potential. If you already have AS level results, please submit them as well. Your final A level results for the requested subjects must be sent to us or made available for us by August at the latest. General Certificate of Education (GCE) - The certificate must include results for at least 2 A level exam, or 4 AS level exam results, or 1 A level + 2 AS Level exam results, or a corresponding level of vocational education, or at least level 3 vocational qualification equal to 2 A level examination. Please do not send your documents by post until you have personally been asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post, please make sure that the copies of educational documents that you are sending have been officially certified (by the issuing institution or by a notary). International Baccalaureate (IB) Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies the following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: Diploma of the International Baccalaureate Transcript of grades Note: only candidates who have graduated from IB Diploma Programme with a note on their diploma "IB Diploma Awarded" qualify for applying for university studies in Estonia. Diploma with a note "IB DP Course awarded" or "IB DP Course Results" will not suffice. Please do not send your documents by post until you have been personally asked to do so. Once you have been asked to send your documents by post you must arrange the IB results to be sent electronically directly via the official IB verification system to the University of Tartu. See further information here . General Educational Development (GED) Applying for Bachelor's Programmes To apply for bachelor's studies the following education documents must be uploaded to the online application system: High School Equivalency Credential/Diploma Official GED Transcript Official e-diploma and e-transcript (PDF-files) must be sent directly from GED Testing Service to University of Tartu general admissions e-mail [email protected] . Please do not send your documents until you have been personally asked to do so. English language requirements Learn more Paying the tuition fee Learn more FAQ Learn more Map of UT buildings Contacts Accessibility Data protection policy IT helpdesk Services and procurements Gift shop Reporting channel Website feedback