Skip to main content To front page Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide All UT contacts Accessibility Est Eng Search Type in the keyword(s) Close Back General contacts Rector's Office Faculty of Arts and Humanities Dean's Office, Faculty of Arts and Humanities https://humanitaarteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5341 [email protected] Jakobi 2, r 116-121, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of History and Archaeology https://ajalugu-arheoloogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5651 [email protected] Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Estonian and General Linguistics https://keel.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5221 Jakobi 2, IV korrus, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Philosophy and Semiotics https://filsem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5314 Jakobi 2, III korrus, ruumid 302-337, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Cultural Research https://kultuuriteadused.ut.ee/et Staff contacts +372 737 5223 [email protected] Ülikooli 16, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Theology and Religious Studies https://usuteaduskond.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5300 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Foreign Languages and Cultures https://maailmakeeled.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Viljandi Culture Academy https://viljandi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 435 5232 [email protected] Posti 1, 71004 Viljandi linn, Viljandimaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Social Sciences Dean's Office, Faculty of Social Sciences https://sotsiaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5957 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Education https://haridus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6450 [email protected] Jakobi 5, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Johan Skytte Institute of Political Studies https://skytte.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5583 [email protected] Lossi 36, ruum 301, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Economics and Business Administration https://majandus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6310 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Psychology https://psuhholoogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5902 [email protected] Näituse 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Law https://oigus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5397 [email protected] Näituse 20 - 118, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Social Studies https://yti.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5188 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Narva College https://narva.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 740 1900 [email protected] Raekoja plats 2, 20307 Narva linn, Ida-Virumaa Pärnu College https://pc.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 445 0520 [email protected] Ringi 35, 80012 Pärnu linn, Pärnu linn, Pärnumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Medicine Dean's Office, Faculty of Medicine https://meditsiiniteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5326 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Biomedicine and Translational Medicine https://biomeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4210 [email protected] Biomeedikum, Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Pharmacy https://farmaatsia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5286 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Dentistry https://hambaarstiteadus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 731 9856 L. Puusepa 1a, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Clinical Medicine https://kliinilinemeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5324 [email protected] L. Puusepa 8, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Family Medicine and Public Health https://tervis.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4190 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Sport Sciences and Physiotherapy https://sporditeadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5360 [email protected] Ujula 4, 51008 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Science and Technology Dean's Office, Faculty of Science and Technology https://reaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5820 [email protected] Vanemuise 46 - 208, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Computer Science https://cs.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5445 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Estonian Marine Institute https://mereinstituut.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 671 8902 Mäealuse 14, 12618 Tallinn, Harjumaa Institute of Physics https://fi.ut.ee Staff contacts W. Ostwaldi 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Chemistry https://chem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5261 [email protected] Ravila 14a, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Mathematics and Statistics https://math.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5863 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology https://tymri.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5027 Riia 23, 23b - 134, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Tartu Observatory https://kosmos.ut.ee/ Staff contacts Observatooriumi 1, 61602 Tõravere alevik, Nõo vald, Tartumaa Institute of Technology https://tuit.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4800 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Ecology and Earth Sciences https://omi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5835 [email protected] J. Liivi tn 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Bioengineering https://bioengineering.ut.ee Staff contacts Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Genomics https://genoomika.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5029 [email protected] Riia 23b/2, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Rector Rector's Strategy Office Staff contacts +372 737 5600 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Internal Audit Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Academic Affairs Office of Academic Affairs Staff contacts +372 737 5620 Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Youth Academy https://teaduskool.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5581 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Student Union Office https://tyye.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18b, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Learning and Teaching https://ut.ee/opetamine Staff contacts Ülikooli 18a (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Research University of Tartu Library https://utlib.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5702 [email protected] W. Struve 1, 50091 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Grant Office Staff contacts +372 737 6215 Ülikooli 18a, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Director of Administration Estates Office Staff contacts +372 737 5638 Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Information Technology Office Staff contacts +372 737 6000 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Marketing and Communication Office Staff contacts +372 737 6569 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruumid 102, 104, 209, 210, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Administrative Office Staff contacts +372 737 6302 [email protected] Ülikooli 18A (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Head of Finance Finance Office Staff contacts +372 737 5125 [email protected] Jakobi 4, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Procurement Office Staff contacts Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Development International Cooperation and Protocol Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruum 305, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Museum https://muuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 25, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Natural History Museum and Botanical Garden https://natmuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Entrepreneurship and Innovation https://eik.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4805 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Academic Secretary Human Resources Office Staff contacts +372 737 5145 [email protected] Uppsala 6, Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Press https://tyk.ee/et Staff contacts Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Accessibility Est Eng All UT contacts Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Admissions Admissions Why choose us Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School Lifelong learning Getting started Image Spend one day as a University of Tartu student Why choose us International Student Ambassadors Student shadowing Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Close menu Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Student support Study abroad for UT students Traineeship Regulations and documents Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Image Here you find the most important information about studies at UT Protection of students' interests and rights Guidelines for using AI applications for teaching and studies Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Especially for international students Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Close menu Research Research Overview of the research fields Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Close menu Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news Close menu International International International contacts at institutes Networks Partner universities Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process Close menu About us About us Organisation Values and responsibility Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact Image Equal treatment at the University of Tartu In the university, there is no space for workplace bullying, unequal treatment, and sexual harassment. Read more Organisation Structure University governance UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Sustainable university Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Close menu News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Image Keep up with University of Tartu news Read the latest news on research, governance and other important topics. Read all news Close menu Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Image Join the UT mentoring programme! Close menu Admissions Admissions Why choose us Why choose us International Student Ambassadors International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact Lifelong learning Getting started Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Student support Especially for international students Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Study abroad for UT students Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Research Research Overview of the research fields Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news International International International contacts at institutes Networks Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process About us About us Organisation Organisation Structure University governance University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents Values and responsibility Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Sustainable university Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Author: Andero Kalju Business Administration Bachelor's Home Curricula Home Curricula 2 January Application system opens 15 April Application deadline 1 June Admission results 31 August Academic year starts Admission deadlines, admission requirements, and descriptions of the entrance examinations for the 2027 intake will be added to the website by the end of December. Apply here Get newsletter Level of study Bachelor's Study language English Duration and credits 3 years 180 ECTS Form of study Regular study Location Tartu Student places 25 Tuition fee €4,200 per year The Business Administration bachelor's programme is one of the two most highly assessed specialisations across the University of Tartu based on student satisfaction with the programme. Find your path during your studies - our courses, student clubs, projects and professors support your journey. The University of Tartu is ranked among the top 350 universities globally. Studies cover all significant business administration areas , from economics, finance, marketing and management to technical skills. The entrepreneurial study approach helps you create your own startup, and UniTartu Ventures provides many opportunities. In collaboration with the private sector, various programmes and incubators help to bring your idea to life, e.g., the Science to Business programme . An international learning environment is the perfect opportunity for networking and finding a group of friends for life. Study at the University of Tartu Delta Centre , which brings together a vibrant community of students, researchers and innovators in computer science, business and economics, mathematics and statistics. Programme in depth Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) is a 3-year full-time programme preparing students for successful entry to the international or local labour market and further studies. The programme aims to develop a thorough understanding of an enterprise and its environment. It covers all significant areas of business administration: business law, management, economic policy, accounting, finance, marketing, ethics, human resources, global economy, innovation and research methods. Studies involve analysing real-life cases, lectures by company representatives, group work, home assignments that engage several courses at once, company visits, drafting a business plan, etc. Students are also expected to complete an internship in companies. A wide-ranging curriculum enables students to continue on the path they prefer the most after graduation. Why study business in Estonia? Due to its geopolitical position, the Estonian economy has always been very international and linked to the global economic community. Estonia has the most startups and the most unicorns per capita in Europe. As of 2024, Estonia has been the birthplace of 10 unicorns: Skype, Playtech, Wise, Bolt, Pipedrive, Zego, ID.me, Gelato, Veriff and Glia. Estonia is one of the most dynamic and innovative regions in the European Union, known for its modern IT solutions and communication technologies. Many globally successful businesses like Bolt, Skype, Playtech and Ericsson are located in Estonia. The University of Tartu is the forerunner of business education and research in Estonia, focusing on providing high-quality business education in the rapidly changing global economic situation. The Business Administration programme is quite versatile for me. It provides fundamental knowledge in various fields, allowing you to choose what interests you most in the future and specialise in that particular area. This is crucial for your future career, as you will have a comprehensive understanding of all areas and be eligible for various positions. Kateryna International Student Ambassador from Ukraine Extracurricular activities In addition to the study programme, you can join several practical programmes to support your development, grow your network and learn from international mentors worldwide. BBA students are often involved in the AIESEC network and participate in the annual Student Startup camp. Open lectures ranging from the power of improvisation to policymaking in the EU are held regularly by the university. CDL (Creative Destruction LAB) brings together experienced founders of unicorns, and together with world-leading experts, you will help scale innovations underpinned by the digitisation of human societies. As a student, you can gain valuable insights from leading experts and the startup ecosystem. Students can polish their future tech and marketing skills and work directly with the startups they like to help them scale up quickly. You can take Creative Destruction Lab (CDL) courses besides your primary curriculum and expand your network even more. Wharton Global Course is a collaboration programme between the University of Tartu, the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and the Stockholm School of Economics in Riga. You will explore how these nations have transformed their economies and policies by prioritising digital innovation, entrepreneurship and technology commercialisation. Our students benefit most from expanding their international network and learning about Estonian and Latvian unicorns and other fast-growing companies by solving their practical business problems. This way, we bring value to students and local companies in Tartu. Our partners have included, for example, Bolt, Pipedrive, NPV, Cybernetica, Foxway, and others. You are very welcome to take these courses while studying here. We have also been taking the lead in organising the most start-up-minded business festival in the Baltics - the annual sTARTUp Day and Delta Trends Day . You can help us organise this event while you are studying here. You can start with simple tasks and advance to international communication and organising specific side events. Estonia and Tartu Estonia's society is based on contemporary science and technology. It has become one of the most entrepreneurial and advanced digital societies in the world, and it is also a success story of economic development in New Europe. Did you know that we are the country with the most unicorns per capita? We are surrounded by the offices and R&D centres of many startup and technology companies - Bolt, Pipedrive, Nortal and Playtech - to name a few. You can learn about these companies, visit them during your studies, and perhaps get a job there! Estonia is famous for its startups, so it is a perfect fit for students with business ideas and the desire to implement them in real life. Here in Tartu, we have a very strong local community, and we are the most startup-minded city in the world. We work closely between the faculties of the University and Tartu and with our local community, partners and companies. I wanted to spend my university years in Estonia's "university town" and acquire my degree in English. I believe that Tartu was the best place to spend the university years because it is small and full of university students. Tartu has a different aura, and there's always something cool going on for students. Read her full story Aphelandrea Tunder Alumna from Estonia Programme highlights in media Video: Student Admissions talks about bachelor's admissions for 2026 , and International Student Ambassadors share tips on living in Estonia as an international student (Virtual Open Day 2026) Video: Programme director talks about the bachelor's programme in Business Administration (Virtual Open Day 2024) Video: Alumni Talks: How to stay focused and challenged by Mairis Gailums (BA in Business Administration) Go to the application system Sign up for future students newsletter Courses You will receive a Bachelor of Arts in Social Sciences (BA) degree upon graduation. Curriculum version: 2026/2027 This curriculum structure is the latest one confirmed by the university. Next year's version will be entered into the Study Information System by 15 April. Significant changes to the structure will be announced in advance on this website. More info: Study Information System People and facilities School of Economics and Business Administration The School of Economics and Business Administration (SEBA) is part of the Faculty of Social Sciences, with a history of more than 75 years of teaching business and economics. It has a leading role in Estonian economic and business education with internationally qualified and experienced staff. SEBA is Estonia's top research centre in economics, international business and management. The school aims to provide a vibrant research environment linked to international centres of excellence and produces high-level academic and policy-relevant economic analysis. SEBA is located in the University of Tartu Delta Centre . The University of Tartu Delta Centre brings together a vibrant community of students, researchers and innovators in computer science, robotics, technology, mathematics, statistics, economics, management and business. The centre combines learning, excellence in research and the challenges of business and society, creating innovative solutions for economic and social progress. Dormitories The dormitories are located close to the university buildings and within a short walking distance. The same goes for all other necessary places, such as gyms, restaurants, shopping centres, and museums. Visit us virtually Explore Tartu, the School of Economics and Business Administration, and student dormitories through the university's virtual tour. Career opportunities Your career path can be as dynamic as you are Our graduates thrive in corporate roles, startups, and the public sector - some even launch unicorns. Many of them are already running businesses, innovating in government, and making waves in academia. Study in a global, digital hub Join an international classroom in a digital-first country where Bolt and Wise were born. You will live globalisation through daily cross-cultural teamwork. Internships that fit your goals Go on an exchange, do an internship abroad, and expand your network across continents in Estonia or abroad via Erasmus+ . Finance: LHV, SEB, Swedbank, Ziraat Bank Georgia Culture: Estonian National Museum, Black Nights Film Festival Tech/Industry: ABB, Bolt, Playtech, Stora Enso, Hitachi Energy, Tallink, Delfi, Wise Explore current internship options on our careers portal . Some call me crazy, but I love saying "yes" to all the new challenges I find valuable, regardless of the time, place, or difficulty. My internship included sales in the USA. I did it because I saw the immense value for character building, sales skills and self-development opportunities, and also because they told me it wasn't going to be easy. The internship was very simple, but not easy. I had a tight schedule and long work hours, averaging over 12 hours a day, 6 days a week. After the first summer, I decided to return for a second summer, this time from the perspective of a student manager. I gained an unforgettable experience, a network of growth-minded people who are destined for success. It helped me become a person who isn't afraid of challenges, one who sees failure as an opportunity for growth, and a person who will persist until they succeed. I applied the knowledge and skills from my studies, since the programme included a large volume of sales, management, and leadership courses, all of which were of great help. Having knowledge about customer behaviour and pricing models from the marketing course helped a lot. Additionally, in many group projects, I consistently demonstrated my ability to be a great team player and get along well with other team members. Read his full story. Oskar Johannes Jõgeva Student from Estonia Hands-on from day one Solve real cases, visit companies, join startup hackathons. You will pitch, prototype, and get mentor feedback - so by graduation, you could already be running a venture. See how Business Administration students founded investment platform Investonian. A close community that opens doors Employers and alumni mentor projects, host site visits, and recruit on campus. Regular career events, on-campus interviews, and personal referrals make the path to your first role clear. Build your own company Access entrepreneurship courses, founder coaching, team-formation events, and investor connections. Many course projects become real startups with early customer access. Continue in master's studies at the University of Tartu Your BBA also sets you up for a seamless transition into master's studies at the UT - so you can specialise, deepen your skills, and accelerate your career: Innovation and Technology Management Quantitative Economics Entrepreneurship in Economic Policymaking You will leave with more than a degree: you will have stories, achievements, and a vision to shape the future of business. Proof? Read what our alumni have to say below. Alumni and student insights The three years I spent studying Business Administration at the University of Tartu were transformative and memorable. I was initially drawn to the programme for its practicality and the opportunities it offered. While some courses felt too easy and others were overwhelmingly difficult, I managed to complete them. The teaching staff played a significant role, and I cherished the relationships I formed with the people around me. Tartu taught me self-awareness, resilience, and the value of being outgoing. My involvement in tutoring, event photography, podcasts, and public speaking enriched my journey. These experiences prepared me for my current career as an executive clothier and helped me understand who I am and what I want to achieve. My advice is to be present, greet others with a smile, and seize opportunities - the warmth you give will come back to you. Read her full story. Isabella D. Abolrous Alumna from the USA I chose the Business Administration programme because it aligned most closely with my interests, and it is suitable for a wide range of roles, allowing me to pursue careers that may evolve with my interests over time. The studies helped me narrow down what I was most passionate about. I enjoyed the study experience at the University of Tartu. The Delta building is modern and comfortable. Although the studies were sometimes challenging, they were beneficial for personal development. I pursued my career at LHV, and now I work at Nasdaq Tallinn as a Trading and Surveillance Specialist. Tartu is a student city and a great place to study. I enjoyed the numerous events organised for students and the vibrant nightlife. I was surprised at how quickly I felt like a local, seeing friends and acquaintances almost every time I went out. I became good friends with a few of my coursemates, with whom I still stay in contact today. Watch his story on YouTube. Sten Alexander Tolgu Alumnus, Estonian/British descent, raised in the USA Since my final years of high school, I started to see that a strong foundation of entrepreneurial and marketing skills and an understanding of business environments are rapidly gaining more significance in a modern, fast-paced world. Therefore, my burning desire to study business administration was kindled through the valuable opportunities it gives a student to acquire a detailed knowledge of business disciplines. The programme focuses on all major functional areas of business and integrates practical learning as part of the studies but simultaneously leads to many possibilities and career paths for future professional growth. Merey Beisembayev Alumnus of the Business Administration programme from Kazakhstan As a high school student, I already launched two small businesses and spent many afternoons working from a local business incubator in my hometown of Madona, Latvia. Choosing the University of Tartu felt like a natural decision - the brand new Delta building, where technology meets entrepreneurship. From my very first weeks in Tartu, I was struck by the vibrant student life, the sense of community and the strong support network. I highly appreciate the practical focus of the bachelor's programme of Business Administration. Theoretical knowledge was always followed by real-world application through case studies, group work, and presentations. Another highlight was the opportunity to study abroad. I spent a semester at KU Leuven's Brussels campus, and it was an eye-opening experience. These experiences helped me build self-confidence, refine my communication skills, and develop essential business skills. After completing my studies, I moved to Tallinn, where I now work in a software development company in the iGaming industry. My role combines project management, legal knowledge, and a technical mindset. In addition to my full-time work, I also collaborate on small healthcare-related projects. My suggestion is to be open, say yes to conversations, attend events, and not be afraid to step outside your comfort zone. Tartu is full of incredible people and unforgettable experiences, which have shaped who I am today. Read her full story. Ance Gailuma Alumna of Business Administration from Latvia The bachelor's programme of Business Administration (BBA) felt like a key that could open any door. The programme offers students many opportunities, including internships, group projects and exchange studies. The subjects were very diverse, as were the approaches to teaching them, which created a very dynamic learning environment and helped to break the routine. Readings were combined with group work and discussions with creative tasks. The programme gave me a better understanding of what I want to do in life and how to achieve it. During the studies, I was a teaching assistant, a member of the student council, and represented the University of Tartu in the Global Engagement Module (GEM), which gave me more knowledge and skills. I appreciated the sense of community of the programme. The relatively small classes and approachable lecturers made the study experience feel especially personalised and meaningful. Life in Tartu, how should I describe it… It's a perfect infrastructure, a sense of safety and comfort, a vivid academic environment and a vibrant social life. Additional Estonian language courses helped me integrate into the Estonian culture. I was working full-time, successfully combining work and studies. Probably, this self-sufficiency was the most important and valuable aspect for me. Read her full story. Anna Pobedova Alumna of Business Administration, Estonia I have always been fascinated by marketing and how we interact with its results in our everyday lives, often without even realising it. At the same time, I was deeply interested in business. Studying in the BBA programme felt like an ideal learning experience. Guest lecturers from well-known companies, thought-provoking tasks, real case studies, and the opportunity to fully apply both my creative and analytical potential made the process especially rewarding. I am currently working as a Creative Strategist for the Norwegian company Go-to Brands. It is incredibly fulfilling to apply what I have learned during these three years of studies in real-world projects and see the results of the gained knowledge shaping strategies and driving success. BBA students study at the Delta building - a new, modern, and student-oriented campus where you can truly feel the community and the spirit of innovation all around you. I graduated with a deep and well-rounded knowledge base, which not only makes me a strong candidate in the job market but also a versatile individual. I would recommend the BBA programme to anyone who is curious about the world of business and eager to develop a broad, versatile skill set. The University of Tartu opens doors to opportunities that once seemed impossible. Read her full story. Viktoriia Pozhylykh Alumna from Ukraine I chose the BBA programme because I was interested in economics and finance, as well as in marketing and management. I also had that one dream of starting my own business in the future. The BBA programme felt like a perfect fit for me, as it is a comprehensive curriculum which covers all the major fields related to business administration. I now have the possibility to pursue career opportunities in a variety of fields, ranging from marketing to financial analytics, as I have gained strong theoretical knowledge and practical experience in both areas. This programme is a great opportunity for motivated entrepreneurs who want to start their own business, as it includes many courses related to entrepreneurship and offers plenty of opportunities to develop a startup. I am confident that, with the foundation I have built, I will be able to turn this aspiration into reality in the future. My study experience at the University of Tartu was even better than I could have imagined. We completed numerous practical tasks and team projects, which enabled us to apply our knowledge and skills in real-world settings, gaining hands-on experience. The lecturers at the University of Tartu are true professionals who constantly demonstrate a respectful and supportive attitude towards the students. There are many student organisations in Tartu, such as ESN (Erasmus Student Network), which regularly organise various events for students. I participated in many events and projects, and I am truly grateful to the university for providing these opportunities. Additionally, I represented the University of Tartu at one of the largest student fairs in the Baltics, Skola Expo 2025, volunteered in various activities, and served as a teaching assistant. Read her full story. Mariia Teslenko Alumna from Ukraine I fell in love with Estonia during my high school years - the nature, the calm yet inspiring vibe, and the kindness of people. Choosing the BBA at the University of Tartu was my way of combining my love for Estonia with a serious step toward the international business career I've always wanted. Tartu itself sealed the deal - this warm, student-friendly town, full of energy and creativity, provided the ideal environment for me to grow both personally and professionally. Studying in the Business Administration programme was honestly one of the best chapters of my life. During my studies, I decided to test my skills in the Neuromarketing Lab. I gained confidence in creating professional social media content from zero, learned how to communicate complex scientific topics (such as what happens in a neuromarketing study) in a simple and engaging way, and gained a deeper insight into consumer psychology and research ethics. The lab was the perfect bridge between classroom theory and real-world application. The teaching staff was incredibly supportive, the courses broadened my thinking, and the university gave me countless opportunities (internships, volunteering, workshops) that prepared me for the corporate world and even for my current master's in London. Read her full story. Jiya Sheth Alumna from India Admission requirements Admission requirements for Business Administration higher secondary education - please see our country-specific document requirements English language proficiency - please see our acceptable tests and exempt categories NB! The restrictions for the citizens of the Russian Federation are specified here . Applications are evaluated based on the score of the motivation letter (yields 60% of the final score) online entry test in Mathematics (yields 40% of the final score) Motivation letter requirements The motivation letter must be submitted with your online application by April 15 at the latest. Please write a brief motivation letter (in English, maximum of 4600 characters with spaces) based on the following points : give an overview of your objectives and motives to study Business Administration; explain why you choose the University of Tartu as a study place; describe linkages between your previous studies and/or if relevant also of your work experience and the programme of Business Administration; describe your career perspectives after completing the programme of Business Administration; describe how you are planning to finance your Bachelor's studies in Tartu; provide other relevant information that you consider we should know about you or your studies. Evaluation criteria : reasoning in describing the objectives and motives to study in the programme (max 40 points) - assessment of applicant´s objectives and motives to study in the programme, reasons for choosing the UT School of Economics and Business Administration, description of career perspectives after completing the programme and other relevant aspects regarding choice of the programme; linkages between earlier studies and/or work experience and the Business Administration programme (max 20 points) - assessment of applicant´s ability to link the previous education (including academic activities) and/or work experience to the study programme; argumentation skills (max 40 points) - assessment of applicant´s skills of argumentation and discussion as presented in the written text, including logicality of the structure of the letter, relevance of the information and arguments presented and abilities of self-expression in the written form. The maximum score for motivation letter is 100 points and the result is positive only if the applicant gains 51 points or more. Online entry test in Mathematics The entry test aims to assess competencies in mathematics. It is an online test taken on the UT tests platform ( www.testid.ut.ee ) between May 18 and 22, 2026, and it can be completed only once. The test contains high-school mathematics: algebraic and trigonometric expressions, geometry, functions and their graphs, equations and inequalities, limits, differentiation, integration, and their applications. The test contains up to 10 exercises that shuffle within questions. There are mixed-type exercises, containing dropdowns, radio buttons, and checkboxes, as well as input boxes for algebraic expressions and numbers with or without units. Every candidate will obtain a random, unique selection of exercises with random parameters. The total time limit is 120 minutes . The applicant should be prepared to have paper and pencil at hand while taking the test to perform some intermediate calculations. All applicants are responsible for the quality of their internet connection. Before starting the test, updating the web browser is required. Once interrupted, the test cannot be concluded. All test takers receive a total score without individual feedback on each question. The maximum possible score is 100 points. The minimum positive score result is 51 points. Usernames for entering the Moodle platform will be sent to qualifying applicants a few days before the test. Only those applicants who score 66 points or higher (out of 100) as a combined score from both the motivation letter and the entry test will be considered for admission. For further information on assessing candidates´ academic performance and calculating admissions´ score see here . How to apply The following information applies to international students and Estonian students who graduated abroad: Step 1 | Submitting the online application The application system opens on 2 January and closes on 15 April. The following documents must be submitted electronically via DreamApply by the application deadline: online application motivation letter official certified copy of the secondary school certificate and grade list in the original language (must include a description of the grading scale). You can apply with current grades if you are graduating in one of the member countries of the EU, EEA or OECD , or in one of the member countries of CIS (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan) or in Georgia, Moldova or Ukraine or completing the IB Diploma programme or graduating with A-level exams. Applicants from these countries who are graduating in the upcoming spring/summer and having their graduation documents issued later than the application deadline should electronically submit their most recent grade sheet or transcript with results for all higher secondary school years (including grades/results for the last autumn semester) by the application deadline, 15 April . The grade sheet or transcript should be supplemented by an official statement from the issuing school indicating current enrollment and expected graduation date. Admitted candidates are required to post the certified copies of their graduation documents as soon as these have been issued. NB! Please note that certified copies and translations (if applicable) of your final official graduation documents must reach us by the end of July at the latest. NB! Applicants from other countries can only apply if they have already obtained their final graduation documents and can submit these by the application deadline, 15 April. official certified translation of the secondary school certificate and grade list into English. As certified translations, we consider 1) official translations made by the issuing institution (school, exam centre, etc.) bearing their original signature, stamp, etc., or 2) translations certified by a sworn translator or notary. proof of English language proficiency copy of valid international passport page stating the applicant's personal particulars confirmation/receipt of application fee payment (if applicable). All international applicants are required to pay the application fee EUR 100 , unless they have Estonian citizenship and/or have completed their previous study level in Estonia. An application will only be processed after the fee has been received by the UT. Submitted applications can not be edited. It is only possible to upload new documents (e.g. graduation certificates). Applicants will receive feedback and notifications through the DreamApply system to their e-mail. Incomplete applications or those submitted by e-mail will not be considered for admission. Guide to submitting an electronic application on DreamApply. NB: The University of Tartu has no official partnerships with agents or educational representatives. We strongly recommend applying directly to the university without the help of unauthorised third-party entities. Should you use such a service, please ensure that your application's contact information is your personal details (your e-mail, phone number, etc.). Step 2 | Evaluation and announcement of admission results The evaluation of applications will be made based on the electronic copies added to DreamApply. A general ranking list will be formed based on the electronically submitted applications and admission results (including offers) will be announced to all applicants personally via DreamApply by 1 June at the latest. Admitted candidates are expected to accept or decline the offer in DreamApply in 7 days. If the decision is not communicated to UT via DreamApply by the stipulated deadline, UT reserves the right to withdraw the admission offer. NB! It is not possible to postpone/defer the beginning of studies to the next academic year. Terms and conditions of the admission offer Admission offers are conditional. This means that there are conditions in the offer which the applicant needs to fulfil in order to be admitted (e.g. sending application documents by post; obtaining the required level of education). If the conditions are not met, UT has the right to withdraw the offer. Also, UT reserves the right to withdraw or amend any offer or revoke the matriculation of a student, if it becomes evident that the application contains fraudulent information, the qualification does not provide access to the chosen study programme or the student is found to have omitted key information from the application. Should such circumstances occur, UT will not be liable for any material or immaterial loss which the student may suffer as a result. Step 3 | Sending the documents by post and paying the tuition fee Once the admission results have been announced, all admitted students are required to send the application documents by post to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. The documents are expected to be mailed only by those receiving the admission offer (unless instructed otherwise by the Admissions staff). The documents must reach the university within 3 weeks from the announcement of the offer. If the application documents do not reach the UT Student Admissions by the deadline, UT has the right to withdraw the admission offer. Applicants will be informed via DreamApply when their documents have arrived. Requirements for educational documents All copies of educational documents (secondary school certificate and grade list/transcript) must be officially certified. By certified we mean that the copies should bear an original signature and seal of the authority certifying that these are true copies of the original document(s). The copies can be certified either 1) by an authorised official of the issuing institution, or 2) by a notary, or 3) with an Apostille attached. NB! Country-specific requirements may specify the way documents from certain countries must be certified. Please note that UT does not accept simple copies made on the basis of already certified copies (primary copies are needed). All admitted students are required to present their original qualification certificates upon arrival (unless these were sent directly from the issuing institution). Paying the tuition fee EU/EEA/Swiss citizens are required to pay the fee for the first semester once they arrive in Tartu (by 20 September at the latest after signing the fee contract, please read more here ). Admitted students from other countries are required to pre-pay half of the first semester's tuition fee. The invoice along with the pre-payment deadline and payment details will be sent to applicants via DreamApply after they have accepted the admissions offer and the University has received the hard copies of the application documents. Second part of the fee is due on 20 September. NB! The official admission letter (necessary for visa application) will only be issued once the University of Tartu has received the pre-payment. By transferring the pre-payment to the university, you confirm that you have informed yourself about the process of the visa and temporary residence permit application and you are able to arrive in Estonia by the start of the academic year. If you have any questions please contact [email protected] . Step 4 | Receiving the official admission letter The official admission letter will be sent to admitted students electronically via DreamApply only after the admissions office has received and reviewed hard copies of the application documents, and received the tuition fee pre-payment (if a pre-payment was required, please see Step 3 for more details). NB! The electronic admission letter is also sufficient for non-EU students for applying for visa/residence permit in Estonian embassies. Step 5 | Arriving in Estonia and at UT Once the admission letter is issued, accepted students may proceed further with arranging their arrival. All non-EU students should first consult information on the process of visa and temporary residence permit application to be sure, as where and when the relevant documents need to be applied. Note that housing at the UT dormitories can be applied during a limited period of time, unless specified otherwise on the website. NB! Admitted students who are not citizens of an EU or EEA country or Switzerland need to make sure they obtain the Estonian long-term visa on time in order to be able to participate in the orientation programme for international students held in the last week of August. They are also required to visit the Admissions Office in person to complete their arrival registration by August 31, 2026, at the latest. Failure to do so will result in the revocation of their admission decision and visa. For housing alternatives, please find further information on Tartu Welcome Centre website . Travel information can be found here . Based upon common queries, the most important information has been summarised into a pre-arrival information website UT Getting Started. Estonian applicants should apply via National Admission Information Systems (SAIS). Further information in Estonian is available here . Tuition fee and scholarships Read more FAQ Get answers Practical info for new students Living in Estonia International Student Ambassadors Read their stories and contact them Contacts Ask about the admission requirements and application process Fill in the Student Admissions enquiry form Ask about the programme content, courses, career opportunities, study environment Ave Tiisler Faculty of Social Sciences School of Economics and Business Administration Specialist for International Studies +372 737 6317 Narva mnt 18-4002 [email protected] Diana Eerma PhD (Economics and Business Administration) School of Economics and Business Administration Chair of Public Economics and Policy Associate Professor in Economic Policy Narva mnt 18-4014 Faculty of Social Sciences School of Economics and Business Administration Programme Director BA Business Administration, English-taught Narva mnt 18-4014 +372 737 6344 [email protected] Find out what awaits you at UniTartu Join info events Learn more about the university and its study programmes by attending our info events for future students. Our staff also attends international fairs and info sessions. View schedule Spend a day as a student During the academic year, you can spend a day with a current student in your field of interest, giving you a firsthand look at student life and the University of Tartu. Register here Listen to the podcast The "Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for International Students" covers topics such as housing, student organisations, healthcare, etc. Subscribe here Visit the campus Visiting the campus gives you a great understanding of what it would be like to study here. You can visit us throughout the year. Book your visit Application deadline Go to the application system Similar curricula Creative Project Management Master's Faculty of Arts and Humanities 60 ECTS 1 year Block mode study English Innovation and Technology Management Master's Faculty of Social Sciences 120 ECTS 2 years Regular study English View all curricula Jūsu nākamais solis sākas tepat kaimiņos 05.01.2026 Pasaulinės studijos - artima patirtis. Studijuok Tartu universitete 05.01.2026 Entä jos ulkomailla opiskelu ei kääntäisikään elämää ylösalaisin? 05.01.2026 Edukacja na światowym poziomie w Estonii, dostosowana do Twoich potrzeb 04.01.2026 Close Map of UT buildings Contacts Accessibility Data protection policy IT helpdesk Services and procurements Gift shop Reporting channel Website feedback