Skip to main content To front page Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide All UT contacts Accessibility Est Eng Search Type in the keyword(s) Close Back General contacts Rector's Office Faculty of Arts and Humanities Dean's Office, Faculty of Arts and Humanities https://humanitaarteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5341 [email protected] Jakobi 2, r 116-121, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of History and Archaeology https://ajalugu-arheoloogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5651 [email protected] Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Estonian and General Linguistics https://keel.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5221 Jakobi 2, IV korrus, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Philosophy and Semiotics https://filsem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5314 Jakobi 2, III korrus, ruumid 302-337, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Cultural Research https://kultuuriteadused.ut.ee/et Staff contacts +372 737 5223 [email protected] Ülikooli 16, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Theology and Religious Studies https://usuteaduskond.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5300 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Foreign Languages and Cultures https://maailmakeeled.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Viljandi Culture Academy https://viljandi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 435 5232 [email protected] Posti 1, 71004 Viljandi linn, Viljandimaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Social Sciences Dean's Office, Faculty of Social Sciences https://sotsiaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5957 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Education https://haridus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6450 [email protected] Jakobi 5, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Johan Skytte Institute of Political Studies https://skytte.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5583 [email protected] Lossi 36, ruum 301, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Economics and Business Administration https://majandus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6310 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Psychology https://psuhholoogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5902 [email protected] Näituse 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Law https://oigus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5397 [email protected] Näituse 20 - 118, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Social Studies https://yti.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5188 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Narva College https://narva.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 740 1900 [email protected] Raekoja plats 2, 20307 Narva linn, Ida-Virumaa Pärnu College https://pc.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 445 0520 [email protected] Ringi 35, 80012 Pärnu linn, Pärnu linn, Pärnumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Medicine Dean's Office, Faculty of Medicine https://meditsiiniteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5326 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Biomedicine and Translational Medicine https://biomeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4210 [email protected] Biomeedikum, Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Pharmacy https://farmaatsia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5286 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Dentistry https://hambaarstiteadus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 731 9856 L. Puusepa 1a, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Clinical Medicine https://kliinilinemeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5324 [email protected] L. Puusepa 8, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Family Medicine and Public Health https://tervis.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4190 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Sport Sciences and Physiotherapy https://sporditeadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5360 [email protected] Ujula 4, 51008 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Science and Technology Dean's Office, Faculty of Science and Technology https://reaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5820 [email protected] Vanemuise 46 - 208, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Computer Science https://cs.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5445 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Estonian Marine Institute https://mereinstituut.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 671 8902 Mäealuse 14, 12618 Tallinn, Harjumaa Institute of Physics https://fi.ut.ee Staff contacts W. Ostwaldi 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Chemistry https://chem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5261 [email protected] Ravila 14a, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Mathematics and Statistics https://math.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5863 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology https://tymri.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5027 Riia 23, 23b - 134, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Tartu Observatory https://kosmos.ut.ee/ Staff contacts Observatooriumi 1, 61602 Tõravere alevik, Nõo vald, Tartumaa Institute of Technology https://tuit.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4800 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Ecology and Earth Sciences https://omi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5835 [email protected] J. Liivi tn 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Bioengineering https://bioengineering.ut.ee Staff contacts Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Genomics https://genoomika.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5029 [email protected] Riia 23b/2, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Rector Rector's Strategy Office Staff contacts +372 737 5600 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Internal Audit Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Academic Affairs Office of Academic Affairs Staff contacts +372 737 5620 Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Youth Academy https://teaduskool.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5581 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Student Union Office https://tyye.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18b, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Learning and Teaching https://ut.ee/opetamine Staff contacts Ülikooli 18a (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Research University of Tartu Library https://utlib.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5702 [email protected] W. Struve 1, 50091 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Grant Office Staff contacts +372 737 6215 Ülikooli 18a, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Director of Administration Estates Office Staff contacts +372 737 5638 Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Information Technology Office Staff contacts +372 737 6000 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Marketing and Communication Office Staff contacts +372 737 6569 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruumid 102, 104, 209, 210, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Administrative Office Staff contacts +372 737 6302 [email protected] Ülikooli 18A (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Head of Finance Finance Office Staff contacts +372 737 5125 [email protected] Jakobi 4, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Procurement Office Staff contacts Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Development International Cooperation and Protocol Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruum 305, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Museum https://muuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 25, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Natural History Museum and Botanical Garden https://natmuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Entrepreneurship and Innovation https://eik.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4805 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Academic Secretary Human Resources Office Staff contacts +372 737 5145 [email protected] Uppsala 6, Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Press https://tyk.ee/et Staff contacts Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Accessibility Est Eng All UT contacts Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Admissions Admissions Why choose us Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School Lifelong learning Getting started Image Spend one day as a University of Tartu student Why choose us International Student Ambassadors Student shadowing Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Close menu Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Student support Study abroad for UT students Traineeship Regulations and documents Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Image Here you find the most important information about studies at UT Protection of students' interests and rights Guidelines for using AI applications for teaching and studies Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Especially for international students Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Close menu Research Research Overview of the research fields Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Close menu Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news Close menu International International International contacts at institutes Networks Partner universities Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process Close menu About us About us Organisation Values and responsibility Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact Image Equal treatment at the University of Tartu In the university, there is no space for workplace bullying, unequal treatment, and sexual harassment. Read more Organisation Structure University governance UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Sustainable university Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Close menu News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Image Keep up with University of Tartu news Read the latest news on research, governance and other important topics. Read all news Close menu Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Image Join the UT mentoring programme! Close menu Admissions Admissions Why choose us Why choose us International Student Ambassadors International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact Lifelong learning Getting started Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Student support Especially for international students Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Study abroad for UT students Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Research Research Overview of the research fields Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news International International International contacts at institutes Networks Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process About us About us Organisation Organisation Structure University governance University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents Values and responsibility Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Sustainable university Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Author: Karl Oliver Tomson Science and Technology Bachelor's Home Curricula Home Curricula 2 January Application system opens 15 April Application deadline 1 June Admission results 31 August Academic year starts Admission deadlines, admission requirements, and descriptions of the entrance examinations for the 2027 intake will be added to the website by the end of December. Apply here Get newsletter Level of study Bachelor's Study language English Duration and credits 3 years 180 ECTS Form of study Regular study Location Tartu Student places 50 Tuition fee €6,000 per year The University of Tartu is ranked among the top 350 universities in the world. You can choose between three specialisations: genetics and biotechnology, bioengineering and robotics, or chemistry and materials science. You do not have to decide immediately: try out different fields and make your choice in the second year. Explore a wide range of study-related extracurricular activities , including participation in the student satellite project ESTCube and the biggest synthetic biology competition in the world, iGEM , which was won by our students in 2023. Graduates can continue their studies in natural science or work for technology companies. Today's demanding world requires a dynamic approach. The programme's strength is a broad understanding and synthesis of the basics of natural and technological sciences. Studying in English opens an international horizon and provides a strong basis for further studies. Ilona Faustova Programme Director Programme in depth The three-year international bachelor's programme in Science and Technology offers innovative content that draws on key areas taught in the Faculty of Science and Technology. It provides a broad overview of natural and exact sciences and technologies. In the first year, students study subjects that provide a strong foundation and prepare them to work with modern technologies and materials. Later, it is possible to choose a suitable field of specialisation based on the knowledge acquired about different areas. Students can choose a combined specialisation in genetics and biotechnology, bioengineering and robotics, or chemistry and materials science. You can follow the programme on Facebook , Instagram and YouTube . iGEM The iGEM competition is an international competition where university/high school teams provide potential solutions to world problems using synthetic biology. It was first organised in 2003 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and has since become the largest synthetic biology competition. Since 2017, the Science and Technology programme students have been able to join the Tartu TUIT iGEM team and work on an innovative research project. The iGEM season starts in January/February with idea brainstorming and finishes with the Giant Jamboree at the end of October/beginning of November. The team works on both sides of the project, from developing the idea, planning, and conducting experiments, human practices, and public engagement, to searching for sponsors and building the team's website. Moreover, selected team members have the opportunity to present the project at the Grand Jamboree in Paris, France. While working on the project, students gain invaluable experience and practical, social, and teamwork skills, and their transition from students to young researchers accelerates. Take a look at the previous projects (click on years to see the projects): 2023 (Grand prize, Best conservation project, Best measurement, Best education nomination, Best Wiki nomination, Best Presentation nomination, gold medal), 2022 (Best wiki nomination, Silver medal), 2021 (gold), 2020 (gold), 2019 (gold), 2018 (silver), 2017 (silver). You can follow the Tartu TUIT team on Facebook and Instagram . Extracurricular activities The rhythm and environment of the university town are great for studying and living student life to the fullest. There is plenty of excitement; for example, students can join the Science Theatre to find new acquaintances and discover and demonstrate fascinating phenomena of different fields of science. The student satellite ESTCube welcomes new members, and the Robotics Club offers opportunities to improve and apply knowledge of robotics. Synthetic Biology and Its Applications summer course A great way to get to know the university and the city of Tartu is to take part in the UniTartu Summer School , which takes place during the first two weeks of August. In 2026, we are offering the Synthetic Biology and Its Applications course , taught by the same team behind the Science and Technology bachelor's programme. The course is suitable for upper secondary school students and beginner-level bachelor's students. Please note that the summer course has a separate application process and participation fee, and applying for the summer school is independent of applying for the bachelor's programme. Image Author: Undercliff Creative Programme highlights in media Video: Student Admissions talks about bachelor's admissions for 2026 , and International Student Ambassadors share tips on living in Estonia as an international student (Virtual Open Day 2026) Video: Programme director talks about the bachelor's programme in Science and Technology (Virtual Open Day 2024) Video: Programme director introduces the bachelor's programme in Science and Technology (Online Open Doors Week 2022) Go to the application system Sign up for future students newsletter Courses Upon completing the programme, students will receive a Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree. Curriculum version: 2026/2027 This curriculum structure is the latest one confirmed by the university. Next year's version will be entered into the Study Information System by 15 April. Significant changes to the structure will be announced in advance on this website. More info: Study Information System People and facilities Institute of Bioengineering The Institute of Bioengineering was established in 2023 and commenced operations on 1 January 2024. Currently, 5 research groups have joined the newly formed institute: Assoc. Prof. Ilona Faustova's Lab Prof. Andres Merits' Lab Prof. Hannes Kollist Lab Prof. Kaspar Valgepea Lab Assoc. Prof. Margus Varjak Visit us virtually Explore Tartu, the Institute of Bioengineering, and the student dormitories through the university's virtual tour. Career opportunities The general objective of the programme is to provide students with a broad-based academic education in natural sciences, enabling them to continue studies at the master's level in any field of natural science or to work in professions that require basic knowledge and skills. For example, graduates can work at monitoring centres, various technological enterprises, and laboratories as technologically competent lab personnel. There are also opportunities to continue at the master's level at the University of Tartu. We are offering the following international master's programmes in science and technology: Bioengineering Innovation in Bioengineering Excellence in Analytical Chemistry Materials Science and Technology Apart from the University of Tartu's master's programmes, students can pursue further studies at top universities worldwide. Our alumni have continued their education at institutions such as the University of Notre Dame, the University of Cambridge, Aalto University, ETH Zürich, Uppsala University, EPFL, PSL Research University Paris, the University of Heidelberg, and the University of Copenhagen. Beyond academia, graduates can enter the deep-tech industry and secure positions at leading companies such as Icosagen and Solis Biodyne. These enterprises operate at the forefront of biotechnology and molecular sciences, offering roles in research and development, data science, product innovation, and technological consulting. The programme's strong foundational knowledge also enables graduates to explore diverse career paths beyond science and technology. Analytical thinking, problem-solving, and technical expertise are highly transferable, opening opportunities across various fields and enabling adaptation to evolving job markets. Admission requirements Admission requirements for Science and Technology higher secondary education - please see our country-specific document requirements English language proficiency - please see our acceptable tests and exempt categories higher/senior secondary school result in Mathematics higher/senior secondary school result in either Biology, Chemistry or Physics NB! The restrictions for the citizens of the Russian Federation are specified here . Applications are evaluated based on the higher/senior secondary school result in Mathematics (yields 20% of the final score) the higher/senior secondary school result in either Biology, Chemistry or Physics - highest result will be considered (yields 20% of the final score) score of the motivation letter (yields 20% of the final score) score of the entry test (yields 20% of the final score) score of the admission interview (yields 20% of the final score) Accepted results in Mathematics We accept the following results: state exam result or final grade in Mathematics (in case you have already graduated) or current grades in Mathematics (in case you have not yet graduated), which means the grades for Mathematics for all your higher/senior secondary school years up until the moment you submit the application. NB! Applying with current grades is only available for some countries. Who can apply with the current grades? You can apply with current grades if you are graduating in one of the member countries of the EU, EEA or OECD , or in one of the member countries of CIS (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan) or in Georgia, Moldova or Ukraine or completing the IB Diploma programme or graduating with A-level exams. Applicants from these countries and programmes who are graduating in the upcoming spring/summer and having their graduation documents issued later than the application deadline should electronically submit their most recent grade sheet or transcript with results for all higher secondary school years (including grades/results for the last autumn semester) by the application deadline, 15 April . The grade sheet or transcript should be supplemented by an official statement from the issuing school indicating current enrollment and expected graduation date. Admitted candidates are required to post the certified copies of their final graduation documents as soon as these have been issued. NB! Please note that certified copies and translations (if applicable) of your final official graduation documents must reach us by the end of July at the latest. NB! Applicants from other countries can only apply if they have already obtained their final graduation documents and can submit these by the application deadline, 15 April. Accepted results in Biology, Chemistry and Physics We accept the following results: state exam result or final grade in either Biology, Chemistry or Physics (in case you have already graduated) or current grades in either Biology, Chemistry or Physics (in case you have not yet graduated), which means the grades for either Biology, Chemistry or Physics for all your higher/senior secondary school years up until the moment you submit the application. NB! Applying with current grades is only available for some countries. Who can apply with the current grades? You can apply with current grades if you are graduating in one of the member countries of the EU, EEA or OECD , or in one of the member countries of CIS (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan) or in Georgia, Moldova or Ukraine or completing the IB Diploma programme or graduating with A-level exams. Applicants from these countries and programmes who are graduating in the upcoming spring/summer and having their graduation documents issued later than the application deadline should electronically submit their most recent grade sheet or transcript with results for all higher secondary school years (including grades/results for the last autumn semester) by the application deadline, 15 April . The grade sheet or transcript should be supplemented by an official statement from the issuing school indicating current enrollment and expected graduation date. Admitted candidates are required to post the certified copies of their final graduation documents as soon as these have been issued. NB! Please note that certified copies and translations (if applicable) of your final official graduation documents must reach us by the end of July at the latest. NB! Applicants from other countries can only apply if they have already obtained their final graduation documents and can submit these by the application deadline, 15 April. Motivation letter requirements Please write a brief motivation letter (in English, maximum of 4 600 characters with spaces) based on the following points: 1. Which of the three specialisations interests you most and why? Science and Technology programme has three specialisations: genetics and biotechnology bioengineering and robotics chemistry and materials sciences 2. Which elective courses would you like to take? (Elective courses need to be chosen from the list of courses of elective module of Science and Technology programme). 3. Why are you particularly interested in this Science and Technology bachelor's programme? 4. In which role do you see yourself in your future job after completion of the programme and what is your personal motivation to study Science and Technology? 5. How do you plan to implement the skills to be gained from the programme in your future career? Evaluation criteria: fit between the student's goals and the programme (40%) analytical and argumentation skills (40%) fluency of written English (20%) The maximum score for the motivation letter is 100 points and minimum positive score 51 points. Entry test requirements The admission test for the Science and Technology program will be held online between 8-9 May 2026 . Candidates who have got a positive score for the motivation letter (above 51 points) qualify for the test. The aim of the test is to evaluate applicant's knowledge in Mathematics . The admission test will be taken on the testid.ut.ee platform. Eligible candidates will receive a link to the platform along with all required information via email. NB! It is the candidates' responsibility to check email for the instruction regarding the admission test. The test is comprised of eight different types of assignments , including but not limited to multiple choice questions, pair matching, short answers, answers to mathematical equations (numerical answer), essay type of answer to the questions. Candidate will have 100 minutes for the test. During the test you may use a pen, paper, calculator, list of formulas, additional materials. Every candidate will have ONE attempt to complete the test. The test cannot be redone. In case of lost internet connection, the candidate will not be able to restart the test. Make sure you have a stable internet connection before starting the test. Evaluation criteria The test can give 100 points in total. To pass the test you must get at least 51 points. No specific feedback to every question will be provided, just the overall score. Admission interview requirements Candidates who have scored at least 51 points on the entrance exam will be admitted to the interview . The admission interview will take place online in Zoom . Admission interviews take place between 14-22 May 2026. The aim of the admission interview is to evaluate applicant's: motivation to study; knowledge in the fields of either Biology, Chemistry, or Physics; analytical, communication and argumentation skills; fit for specialization. Applicants who qualify for the interview will receive a link to the Zoom platform along with all required information via email. NB! It is the applicants' responsibility to check email for instructions regarding the admission interview. The admission interview is evaluated based on the following criteria: knowledge in the field, analytical and argumentation skills (40%); communication skills (30%); motivation for studying (30%). The interview scores on a scale of 0-100 points. To achieve a positive result, the applicant must obtain at least 51 points. In order to be considered eligible for admissions, each indicator must give at least 51 points (out of 100 as the maximum).When ranking applicants, the score of the motivation letter (20%), result in Mathematics (20%), result in either Biology, Chemistry or Physics (20%), the score of the entry test (20%) and the score of the admission interview (20%) are taken into account. The application will be considered for the admissions ranking if a total score of 66 points or higher is achieved. The maximum total score is 100 points. Further information on assessing candidates' academic performance and calculating admissions' score . How to apply The following information applies to international students and Estonian students who graduated abroad: Step 1 | Submitting the online application The following documents must be submitted electronically via DreamApply by the application deadline: online application motivation letter official certified copy of the secondary school certificate and grade list in the original language (must include description of the grading scale). You can apply with current grades if you are graduating in one of the member countries of the EU, EEA or OECD , or in one of the member countries of CIS (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan) or in Georgia, Moldova or Ukraine or completing the IB Diploma programme or graduating with A-level exams. Applicants from these countries who are graduating in the upcoming spring/summer and having their graduation documents issued later than the application deadline should electronically submit their most recent grade sheet or transcript with results for all higher secondary school years (including grades/results for the last autumn semester) by the application deadline, 15 April . The grade sheet or transcript should be supplemented by an official statement from the issuing school indicating current enrollment and expected graduation date. Admitted candidates are required to post the certified copies of their graduation documents as soon as these have been issued. NB! Please note that certified copies and translations (if applicable) of your final official graduation documents must reach us by the end of July at the latest. NB! Applicants from other countries can only apply if they have already obtained their final graduation documents and can submit these by the application deadline, 15 April. official certified translation of the secondary school certificate and grade list into English proof of English language proficiency copy of valid international passport page stating the applicant's personal particulars confirmation/receipt of application fee payment (if applicable). All international applicants are required to pay the application fee EUR 100 , unless they have completed the previous study level in Estonia. An application will only be processed after the fee has been received by the UT. Submitted applications can not be edited. It is only possible to upload new documents (e.g. graduation certificates). Applicants will receive feedback and notifications through the DreamApply system to their e-mail. Incomplete applications or those submitted by e-mail will not be considered for admission. Guide to submitting an electronic application on DreamApply . NB: The University of Tartu has no official partnerships with agents or educational representatives. We strongly recommend applying directly to the university without the help of unauthorised third-party entities. Should you use such a service, please ensure that your application's contact information is your personal details (your e-mail, phone number, etc.). Step 2 | Evaluation and announcement of admission results The evaluation of applications will be made based on the electronic copies added to DreamApply. A general ranking list will be formed based on the electronically submitted applications and admission results (including offers) will be announced to all applicants personally via DreamApply by 1 June at the latest. Admitted candidates are expected to accept or decline the offer in DreamApply in 7 days . If the decision is not communicated to UT via DreamApply by the stipulated deadline, UT reserves the right to withdraw the admission offer. NB! It is not possible to postpone/defer the beginning of studies to the next academic year. Terms and conditions of the admission offer Admission offers are conditional. This means that there are conditions in the offer which the applicant needs to fulfil in order to be admitted (e.g. sending application documents by post; obtaining the required level of education). If the conditions are not met, UT has the right to withdraw the offer. Also, UT reserves the right to withdraw or amend any offer or revoke the matriculation of a student, if it becomes evident that the application contains fraudulent information, the qualification does not provide access to the chosen study programme or the student is found to have omitted key information from the application. Should such circumstances occur, UT will not be liable for any material or immaterial loss which the student may suffer as a result. Step 3 | Sending the documents by post and paying the tuition fee Once the admission results have been announced, all admitted students are required to send the application documents by post to: Student Admissions, University of Tartu, Ülikooli 18-133, Tartu 50090, ESTONIA. The documents are expected to be mailed only by those receiving the admission offer (unless instructed otherwise by the admissions staff). The documents must reach the university within 3 weeks from the announcement of the offer. If the application documents do not reach us by the deadline, the university has the right to withdraw the admission offer. Applicants will be informed when their documents have arrived. Requirements for educational documents All copies of educational documents (diplomas and Diploma Supplements/transcripts) must be officially certified. By certified we mean that the copies should bear an original signature and seal of the authority certifying that these are true copies of the original document(s). The copies can be certified either 1) by an authorised official of the issuing institution, or 2) by a notary, or 3) with an Apostille attached. NB! Country-specific requirements may also specify the way documents from certain countries must be certified. Please note that UT does not accept simple copies made on the basis of already certified copies (primary copies are needed). All admitted students are required to present their original qualification certificates upon arrival (unless these were sent directly from the issuing institution). Paying the tuition fee EU/EEA/Swiss citizens are required to pay the fee for the first semester once they arrive in Tartu (by 20 September at the latest after signing the fee contract, please read more here ). Admitted students from other countries are required to pre-pay half of the first semester's tuition fee. The invoice along with the pre-payment deadline and payment details will be sent to applicants via DreamApply after they have accepted the admissions offer and the University has received the hard copies of the application documents. Second part of the fee is due on 20 September. NB! The official admission letter (necessary for visa application) will only be issued once the University of Tartu has received the pre-payment. By transferring the pre-payment to the university, you confirm that you have informed yourself about the process of the visa and temporary residence permit application and you are able to arrive in Estonia by the start of the academic year. If you have any questions please contact [email protected] . Step 4 | Receiving the official admission letter The official admission letter will be sent to admitted students electronically via DreamApply only after the admissions office has received and reviewed hard copies of the application documents, and received the tuition fee pre-payment (if a pre-payment was required, please see step 3 for more details). NB! The electronic admission letter is also sufficient for non-EU students for applying for visa/residence permit at an Estonian embassy. Step 5 | Arriving in Estonia and at UT Once the admission letter is issued, accepted students may proceed further with arranging their arrival. All non-EU students should first consult information on the process of visa and temporary residence permit application to be sure, as where and when the relevant documents need to be applied. Note that housing at the UT dormitories can be applied during a limited period of time, unless specified otherwise on the website. NB! Admitted students who are not citizens of an EU or EEA country or Switzerland need to make sure they obtain the Estonian long-term visa on time in order to be able to participate in the orientation programme for international students held in the last week of August. They are also required to visit the Admissions Office in person to complete their arrival registration by August 31, 2026, at the latest. Failure to do so will result in the revocation of their admission decision and visa. For housing alternatives please find further information on Tartu Welcome Centre website . Travel information can be found here . Based upon common queries, the most important information has been summarised into a pre-arrival information website UT Getting Started . Estonian applicants should apply via National Admission Information Systems (SAIS). Further information in Estonian is available here . Applying under special conditions The university admits an applicant to the Science and Technology curriculum under special conditions if the applicant participated in an international Olympiad (see the list below) as a year 11 or 12 student. Applying as a special conditions applicant means that after submitting your application, you do not need to take entrance exams, and your application will not be evaluated based on final grades or exam results. To apply under special conditions, you are required to: 1) submit your application by the application deadline through the DreamApply system like all other applicants. Please see the list of documents required above, >Step 1 | Submitting the online application ; 2) upload a diploma or a certificate confirming your participation in an Olympiad or competition; 3) after submitting your application, please inform the Admissions Office by e-mail at [email protected] that you wish to apply under special conditions. It will be reviewed by the admission coordinator. International Olympiads and competitions Baltic Geography Olympiad BGEO Baltic Chemistry Olympiad BChO Baltic Olympiad in Informatics BOI European Physics Olympiad EuPhO European Geography Olympiad EGEO European Union Contest for Young Scientists European Olympiad of Experimental Science EOES European Girls' Olympiad in Informatics EGOI European Girls' Mathematical Olympiad EGMO European Student Companies Competition JA-YE Europe Mathematics Competition Baltic Way International Astronomy and Astrophysics Olympiad IAAO International Biology Olympiad IBO International Philosophy Olympiad IPO International Physics Olympiad IPhO International Geography Olympiad IGEO International Olympiad in Informatics IOI International Chemistry Olympiad IChO International Environmental Project Olympiad INEPO International Telia Cyber Battle of Nordic-Baltic International Linguistics Olympiad ILO International Mathematical Olympiad IMO International Olympiad in Artificial Intelligence IOAI Terms and procedure for application under special conditions are specified on Admission Rules ( clause 73.1.1 and annex 4). Tuition fee reduction In selected programmes, the university offers tuition fee reductions of 25%, 50%, or 100% for one semester at a time. For this programme, eight admitted students will receive a 50% tuition fee reduction for their second semester , based on the weighted average grade of all results from the previous studied semester. All students admitted in 2026 will be eligible to be considered for a tuition fee reduction based on their academic performance and the following criteria: they study full-time; are not on academic leave; have not exceeded the nominal duration of the curriculum; have cumulatively completed at least 30 ECTS credits per semester. Tuition fee and scholarships Read more FAQ Get answers Practical info for new students Living in Estonia International Student Ambassadors Read their stories and contact them Contacts Ask about the admission requirements and application process Fill in the Student Admissions enquiry form Ask about the programme content, courses, career opportunities, study environment Ilona Faustova PhD (Chemistry) Faculty of Science and Technology Institute of Bioengineering Director, Associate Professor of Molecular Biology, Programme Director for Science and Technology bachelor, Programme Director for Bioengineering master +372 5391 1270 (7270) Nooruse 1-424 [email protected] Find out what awaits you at UniTartu Join info events Learn more about the university and its study programmes by attending our info events for future students. Our staff also attends international fairs and info sessions. View schedule Spend a day as a student During the academic year, you can spend a day with a current student in your field of interest, giving you a firsthand look at student life and the University of Tartu. Register here Listen to the podcast The "Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for International Students" covers topics such as housing, student organisations, healthcare, etc. Subscribe here Visit the campus Visiting the campus gives you a great understanding of what it would be like to study here. You can visit us throughout the year. Book your visit Application deadline Go to the application system Similar curricula Excellence in Analytical Chemistry Master's Faculty of Science and Technology 120 ECTS 2 years Regular study English Geoinformatics for Urbanised Society Master's Faculty of Science and Technology 120 ECTS 2 years Regular study English Materials Science and Technology Master's Faculty of Science and Technology 120 ECTS 2 years Regular study English View all curricula Jūsu nākamais solis sākas tepat kaimiņos 05.01.2026 Pasaulinės studijos - artima patirtis. Studijuok Tartu universitete 05.01.2026 Entä jos ulkomailla opiskelu ei kääntäisikään elämää ylösalaisin? 05.01.2026 Edukacja na światowym poziomie w Estonii, dostosowana do Twoich potrzeb 04.01.2026 Close Map of UT buildings Contacts Accessibility Data protection policy IT helpdesk Services and procurements Gift shop Reporting channel Website feedback