Skip to main content To front page Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide All UT contacts Accessibility Est Eng Search Type in the keyword(s) Close Back General contacts Rector's Office Faculty of Arts and Humanities Dean's Office, Faculty of Arts and Humanities https://humanitaarteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5341 [email protected] Jakobi 2, r 116-121, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of History and Archaeology https://ajalugu-arheoloogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5651 [email protected] Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Estonian and General Linguistics https://keel.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5221 Jakobi 2, IV korrus, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Philosophy and Semiotics https://filsem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5314 Jakobi 2, III korrus, ruumid 302-337, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Cultural Research https://kultuuriteadused.ut.ee/et Staff contacts +372 737 5223 [email protected] Ülikooli 16, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Theology and Religious Studies https://usuteaduskond.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5300 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Foreign Languages and Cultures https://maailmakeeled.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Viljandi Culture Academy https://viljandi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 435 5232 [email protected] Posti 1, 71004 Viljandi linn, Viljandimaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Arts and Humanities Staff contacts Jakobi 2, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Social Sciences Dean's Office, Faculty of Social Sciences https://sotsiaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5957 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Education https://haridus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6450 [email protected] Jakobi 5, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Johan Skytte Institute of Political Studies https://skytte.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5583 [email protected] Lossi 36, ruum 301, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Economics and Business Administration https://majandus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 6310 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Psychology https://psuhholoogia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5902 [email protected] Näituse 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa School of Law https://oigus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5397 [email protected] Näituse 20 - 118, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Social Studies https://yti.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5188 [email protected] Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Narva College https://narva.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 740 1900 [email protected] Raekoja plats 2, 20307 Narva linn, Ida-Virumaa Pärnu College https://pc.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 445 0520 [email protected] Ringi 35, 80012 Pärnu linn, Pärnu linn, Pärnumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Social Sciences Staff contacts Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Medicine Dean's Office, Faculty of Medicine https://meditsiiniteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5326 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Biomedicine and Translational Medicine https://biomeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4210 [email protected] Biomeedikum, Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Pharmacy https://farmaatsia.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5286 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Dentistry https://hambaarstiteadus.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 731 9856 L. Puusepa 1a, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Clinical Medicine https://kliinilinemeditsiin.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5324 [email protected] L. Puusepa 8, 50406 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Family Medicine and Public Health https://tervis.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4190 [email protected] Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Sport Sciences and Physiotherapy https://sporditeadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5360 [email protected] Ujula 4, 51008 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Medicine Staff contacts Ravila 19, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Faculty of Science and Technology Dean's Office, Faculty of Science and Technology https://reaalteadused.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5820 [email protected] Vanemuise 46 - 208, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Computer Science https://cs.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5445 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Estonian Marine Institute https://mereinstituut.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 671 8902 Mäealuse 14, 12618 Tallinn, Harjumaa Institute of Physics https://fi.ut.ee Staff contacts W. Ostwaldi 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Chemistry https://chem.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5261 [email protected] Ravila 14a, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Mathematics and Statistics https://math.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5863 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology https://tymri.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5027 Riia 23, 23b - 134, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Tartu Observatory https://kosmos.ut.ee/ Staff contacts Observatooriumi 1, 61602 Tõravere alevik, Nõo vald, Tartumaa Institute of Technology https://tuit.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4800 [email protected] Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Ecology and Earth Sciences https://omi.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5835 [email protected] J. Liivi tn 2, 50409 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Bioengineering https://bioengineering.ut.ee Staff contacts Nooruse 1, 50411 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Institute of Genomics https://genoomika.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5029 [email protected] Riia 23b/2, 51010 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Associate Professors emeriti, Faculty of Science and Technology Staff contacts Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Rector Rector's Strategy Office Staff contacts +372 737 5600 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Internal Audit Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Academic Affairs Office of Academic Affairs Staff contacts +372 737 5620 Ülikooli 18, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Youth Academy https://teaduskool.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5581 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Student Union Office https://tyye.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18b, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Learning and Teaching https://ut.ee/opetamine Staff contacts Ülikooli 18a (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Research University of Tartu Library https://utlib.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 5702 [email protected] W. Struve 1, 50091 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Grant Office Staff contacts +372 737 6215 Ülikooli 18a, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Director of Administration Estates Office Staff contacts +372 737 5638 Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Information Technology Office Staff contacts +372 737 6000 [email protected] Uppsala 10, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Marketing and Communication Office Staff contacts +372 737 6569 [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruumid 102, 104, 209, 210, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Administrative Office Staff contacts +372 737 6302 [email protected] Ülikooli 18A (III korrus), 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Head of Finance Finance Office Staff contacts +372 737 5125 [email protected] Jakobi 4, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Procurement Office Staff contacts Ülikooli 17, 51005 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Vice Rector for Development International Cooperation and Protocol Office Staff contacts [email protected] Ülikooli 18, ruum 305, 50090 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Museum https://muuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Lossi 25, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Natural History Museum and Botanical Garden https://natmuseum.ut.ee Staff contacts [email protected] Vanemuise 46, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Centre for Entrepreneurship and Innovation https://eik.ut.ee Staff contacts +372 737 4805 [email protected] Narva mnt 18, 51009 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Area of Academic Secretary Human Resources Office Staff contacts +372 737 5145 [email protected] Uppsala 6, Lossi 36, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa University of Tartu Press https://tyk.ee/et Staff contacts Lossi 3, 51003 Tartu linn, Tartu linn, Tartumaa Accessibility Est Eng All UT contacts Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Quick links Intranet SIS1 SIS2 Moodle Gift shop University of Tartu Library University of Tartu Style Guide Admissions Admissions Why choose us Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School Lifelong learning Getting started Image Spend one day as a University of Tartu student Why choose us International Student Ambassadors Student shadowing Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Close menu Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Student support Study abroad for UT students Traineeship Regulations and documents Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Image Here you find the most important information about studies at UT Protection of students' interests and rights Guidelines for using AI applications for teaching and studies Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Especially for international students Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Close menu Research Research Overview of the research fields Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Close menu Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news Close menu International International International contacts at institutes Networks Partner universities Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process Close menu About us About us Organisation Values and responsibility Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact Image Equal treatment at the University of Tartu In the university, there is no space for workplace bullying, unequal treatment, and sexual harassment. Read more Organisation Structure University governance UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Sustainable university Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Close menu News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Image Keep up with University of Tartu news Read the latest news on research, governance and other important topics. Read all news Close menu Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Image Join the UT mentoring programme! Close menu Admissions Admissions Why choose us Why choose us International Student Ambassadors International Student Ambassadors Current ambassadors Alumni ambassadors How to join About us Contact us Student shadowing Student shadowing Become a student shadow Take a student shadow Tiksu to UniTartu - Podcast for international students Campus tours Virtual tour Events for future students Newsletter for future students Resources for introducing the University of Tartu Degree search Bachelor's and master's studies in English Bachelor's and master's studies in English Tuition fees Scholarships FAQ English language requirements Country specific requirements Bachelor's and master's studies in Estonian Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Programmes and centres Admission Open calls Funding Exchange studies UniTartu Summer School UniTartu Summer School Social and cultural programme How to apply How to apply Application, course, and cultural event fees Terms and Conditions Scholarships Arrival and Housing About Contact Lifelong learning Getting started Getting started Orientation course Visa and residence Studies Studies Academic calendar Getting started Study info Study info Completion of curriculum Registration for courses Exams and assessment Average grade Recognition of Prior Learning Academic fraud Estonian language learning hub Academic leave Graduation Exmatriculation Whom to contact Cost of tuition Stipends and allowances Stipends and allowances IT Academy stipend Need-based study allowance Need-based special allowance Scholarship for students with special needs Student support Student support Especially for international students Especially for international students ABC for arrivals Visa and residence Contacts Tartu Welcome Centre Psychological counselling Career counselling Counselling students with special needs and making adaptations in studies Workshops of Counselling Centre Advice from Peer Support Student Career Hub Study abroad for UT students Study abroad for UT students Open calls Planning your studies abroad Erasmus+ programme Paper work for studying abroad Completing learning agreement Traineeship Traineeship For students For employers Career days Traineeship contacts at the university Regulations and documents Regulations and documents Document forms Good practice of learning E-learning Guidelines for using AI Appealing decisions Course feedback Data protection policy Equal treatment Contacts for international students Student Union Teaching at UT Teaching at UT Organization of teaching Teaching development Digital learning Curriculum development Research Research Overview of the research fields Overview of the research fields Research dashboard Research infrastructure Centres of excellence Doctoral studies Doctoral studies Bylaws for doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Planning and progress review of doctoral studies Doctoral student's self analyses Supervision agreement Doctoral programmes and centres Industrial doctorate Timetable for transferable skills courses Timetable for transferable skills courses 3-Minute Thesis Competitions Postdoctoral research UT Library Research Ethics Committee Support services for researchers Academic vacancies Business Business Partnership programme UniTartu Ventures Pre-incubation programme Science-to-business Industry sabbatical Read news International International International contacts at institutes Networks Networks Coimbra Group ENLIGHT EUA Europaeum LERU-CE7 The Guild Utrecht Network Partner universities Partner universities Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Erasmus+ International Credit Mobility Activities and Funding Erasmus+ ICM Partnerhips Nomination process About us About us Organisation Organisation Structure University governance University governance Council Senate Rector Rector's Office Quality management Quality management Institutional Accreditation Regular Evaluation of Research and Development Activities UT in rankings Annual reports Regulations and documents Values and responsibility Values and responsibility Good practices at the university Equal treatment Awards and recognition Awards and recognition Contribution to Estonian National Identity Honorary doctors Honorary fellows Pillar of the University Honorary decorations Honorary decorations Johan Skytte Medal Grand Medal University of Tartu Star of Appreciation Medal Badge of Distinction 100 Semesters at the University of Tartu Good practice of wearing decorations Letters of appreciation Annual awards Sustainable university Sustainable university Greenhouse gas emissions in 2019-2025 Recommendations for sustainable living Sustainable academic and research buildings Preventing corruption risks Data protection Language learning hub Language learning hub Estonian learning opportunities for international staff Estonian learning opportunities for international students Equal treatment Strategic plan 2035 Strategic plan 2035 A societally impactful university An internationally competitive research university University with the best learning and working environment Strategic plan 2021-2025 Careers Attractions Services History Using AI Towards university's 400th anniversary Gift shop University Press shop Contact News and media News and media Information related to Ukraine Press contacts Events Social media Photos and videos Alumni Alumni Mentoring programme Subscribe to the alumni newsletter Alumni get-together 2024 Frequently asked questions. Author: Andero Kalju Home Admissions Bachelor's and master's studies in English Home Admissions Bachelor's and master's studies in English admissions Frequently Asked Questions We have collected some frequently asked questions and their answers on this site. The information in the different categories is updated continuously. Application deadline When is the application deadline? Degree-seeking students: 05 January (period 1); 05 February (period 2) for MSc Excellence in Analytical Chemistry 15 March for master's programmes 15 April for bachelor's programmes and Medicine 15 May for PhD programmes 15 September for MA Entrepreneurship in Economic Policymaking Can I still apply if I missed the application deadline? No, we do not accept late applications. If you did not submit your online application by the deadline then your application will not be considered. In this case, we encourage you to apply again timely next spring. When should I send the hard copies of my application documents to the University? Initially, all applicants to English-taught bachelor's and master's level programmes are expected to submit their documents only electronically, so sending hard copies is not required. If admitted, accepted students must arrange for their application package to reach the University within 3 weeks from the announcement of the admission offer (unless instructed otherwise by the admissions staff). NB! Be sure to check our country-specific document requirements . Applicants to Estonian taught programmes should make sure the whole application package reaches the University by 1 June. Application process How do I apply? Degree-seeking students: Bachelor´s and Master´s studies at the University of Tartu PhD admissions Can I apply through an agent or educational representative? The University of Tartu does not maintain active cooperation agreements with any agents or educational representatives. Any companies or individuals claiming to represent the University of Tartu are not officially affiliated with the university. We strongly advise you to apply directly to the university without the assistance of such unauthorised third-party entities. Should you choose to use their services, please ensure that the contact information on your application is your own personal details (your e-mail, phone number, etc.). Once admitted, where should I send my application documents? Applicants to degree programmes: Student Admissions University of Tartu Ülikooli 18-133 50090 Tartu Estonia Can I send my application and documents by email or fax? All the application documents must be submitted electronically, via DreamApply. Only accepted students are expected to mail their documents by regular mail. Documents sent by email will not be considered. Applicants to Estonian-taught programmes must send their documents both electronically and by regular mail by the stipulated deadline. What is a certified/notarised translation of a document? A certified/notarised translation is official translation of an original document into English done by a certified translator, confirmed by a notary or issued by the school who issued the original document. Do you have an application, examination or admission fee? International applicants to bachelor's and master's programmes must pay an application fee of EUR 100 which enables to apply to 2 programmes. Detailed information about the application fee is available here . When will I learn about the status of my application? Admission notifications will be sent electronically through the DreamApply Estonia system. The Admissions Committee will announce admission results for English-taught master's programmes by 30 April and bachelor's programmes by 1 June at the latest. More information about application procedure and requirements can be found here . Do I have to notify the university that I have accepted the study place? Degree-seeking students must accept or decline the offer in DreamApply within 7 days. When do I need to arrive in Tartu? New academic year starts in the beginning of September. There is an Orientation Course organized for international students at the end of August to introduce the university and the town. It is strongly recommended that you arrive by the Orientation Course. NB! Admitted students who are not citizens of an EU or EEA country or Switzerland need to make sure they obtain the Estonian long-term visa on time in order to be able to participate in the Orientation Course for international students held in the last week of August. They are also required to visit the Admissions Office in person to complete their arrival registration by August 31, 2026, at the latest . Failure to do so will result in the revocation of their admission decision and visa. Can I get a scholarship to study at the University of Tartu? Limited number of scholarships are available for international degree-seeking students. More information here . English language requirement Do I need to prove my English language proficiency? Yes. Most applicants are required to prove their English proficiency by taking an international English language test. I nformation about the certificates we accept and the equivalent grades that are required . Are there any exceptions or do all students need to take an English test? There are some exemptions . Do you accept TOEFL ITP tests? No. Please see the international tests that we accept as a proof of English language proficiency. If my English score is not high enough can I take a preparation course before the main studies? University of Tartu does not provide a preparatory course of English as a foreign language. Applicants must have the required proficiency in English by the application deadline. Tuition fee and scholarships How much does it cost to study at the University of Tartu? Information about tuition fees for degree-seeking students at the University of Tartu is available on the programme webpage. Is it possible to receive a tuition waiver? Students admitted to the English-taught programmes either pay for their studies or may have received a tuition waiver student place. Please check whether a particular programme has tuition waivers or is fee based. NB! All our English-taught bachelor's programmes are fee based. There are no tuition waivers. When do I need to pay my tuition fee? EU/EEA/Swiss citizens are requested to pay the fee for the first semester by 20 September after signing the tuition fee contract. Admitted students from other countries have to pay half of the first semester's tuition fee after they have been informed of the admission decision (May/June). Second part of the fee is due on 20 September after signing the tuition fee contract. More information on paying the tuition fee . Do you offer any grants or scholarships for international students? Limited number of scholarships are available, please see further information on the webpage . Do I have any chance to receive a tuition waiver later during the studies if I study well? No, unfortunately this is not possible. According to the current university rules the applicant who is enrolled into a fee based student place must pay for the studies during their whole study period. There is no later redistribution of tuition waivers. Studies Which programmes are taught in English at the University of Tartu? The University of Tartu offers several degree programmes on Bachelor's, Master's and PhD level with instruction in English. There are also semester and summer academic programmes for short-term non-degree studies. Can an international student take courses from different faculties? Degree-seeking students are allowed to take courses from different faculties. However, students have to make sure that these courses do not have complusory prerequisite subjects and the classes do not overlap with regular compulsory classes. I want to learn Estonian. Is it possible during my main studies at the University of Tartu? The University of Tartu offers international students courses of Estonian as foreign language in autumn and spring semester as well as in summer schools. What is the duration of a semester at Tartu University? The academic year begins in the beginning of September and the autumn semester runs until the beginning of February. The spring semester starts in the middle of February and runs until the end of June. The academic calendar can be found in the Study Information System . However, the exams are usually held in December/May (some can take place earlier, too). How is the credit system arranged at the University? Assessment of academic results of students in subjects or parts of subjects is conducted using the following six-point scale of letters (with accompanying verbal counterparts and short definitions): grade A or 'Excellent' ; grade B or 'Very good' ; grade C or 'Good' ; grade D or 'Sufficient' ; grade E or 'Poor' ; grade F or 'Fail'. The system of credits in use (ECTS) is a cumulative calculation of credit points based on the workload of a student. It is a student-centered credit system to measure the workload required to achieve the objectives and learning outcomes of a curriculum. One credit point corresponds to 26 hours of studies (lectures, seminars, practice, homework or independent work, assessment of learning outcomes) performed by a student. ECTS credits (European Credit Transfer System) are allocated to course units and are awarded to students who successfully complete the course by satisfying the assessment requirements. How many ECTS do I have to get? Degree-seeking students : the volume of a curriculum per one official standard academic year is 60 credits in the European credit transfer system. Degree students have to gather at least 75 per cent of the credits of their curriculum (45 ECTS) in order to get transferred to the next academic year of the respective full-time or stationary programme. However, in order to study without paying the tuition fee, a student on a tuition-waiver study place cannot fall more than 6 ECTS short of the nominal study load per semester (30 ECTS). NB! Students who need to apply for the Temporary Residence Permit for their stay in Estonia must meet the full-time enrollment requirement (take at least 22.5 ECTS per semester). Visa and Residence Do I need a visa to come to study in Estonia and how do I get it? There are several possibilities to enter Estonia for the purpose of studying at the University of Tartu (UT). The options usually depend on student's country of origin and the level and duration of studies to be pursued at UT. Please read the information carefully from the following website: Visa and Residence Practical info How can I rent a room in the dormitory? Information on student housing in Tartu and Viljandi How to find an apartment? Tartu Welcome Centre i s a team of local advisers providing support and guidance in the process of getting settled in Estonia, in Tartu. Do I have to share my dormitory room? International students are accommodated in the following dormitories: Raatuse 22, Narva mnt 25, Narva mnt 27, Pepleri 14, Purde 27. Dormitories mainly consist of twin rooms with shared bathroom and kitchen (usually 2-3 rooms share a bathroom and kitchen). Limited number of single rooms are available. What is already there in the dorms (such as kitchen utilities) and what should be brought along? Students should bring (or rather buy in Tartu) their own linen, blanket, pillows and cookware. It is also possible to buy a blanket, pillow or bed linen from the Student Village. How far is the dorm from the bus-station? Tartu bus terminal is situated near the centre of town and is close to the student dormitories. When first time in Tartu, we still suggest the best way to get to the dormitory is to take a taxi. How can I travel from Tallinn to Tartu? Getting to Tartu information How can I contact other international students before arrival to Tartu? If you have a question that you would like to ask from an international student who is currently studying in the University of Tartu, please contact one of our International Student Ambassadors . There is also a possibility to ask information from Estonian students: all international students will be assigned a tutor and it is possible to get in contact with your tutor already before arrival. Is it legal for a foreign student to work part-time during his/her studies in Estonia? EU citizens may work in Estonia without work permit, but it is the responsibility of the student to make sure that work does not interfere with studies. Non-EU students who have been issued a residence permit for studies are allowed to work when it does not interfere their studies. Students holding temporary residence permit must study full-time (at least 22.5 ECTS per semester). Is it possible for student to find a job in Tartu? It is possible but most places require that you speak Estonian. Useful information about working and volunteering can be found from Tartu Welcome Centre website . Can I stay in Estonia after my studies? Non-EU students whose TRP for study has expired on regular basis have legal right to stay in Estonia for the period of 270 days following the expiry date of the period of validity of the TRP. Further information is available on the Visa and Residence webpage . What is the weather like in Estonia? Estonia has a temperate climate, with comparatively warm summers and cold winters. Temperatures range from a summer average of 21°C (70°F) to a winter average of-8°C (18°F). Being close to the Baltic Sea, the country is subjected to sea breezes and humidity, and its northern latitude means long summer daylight hours (the longest summer day stretches to 19 hours), and dark winters when daylight sometimes lasts only six hours. The cold winter does not necessarily mean constant snow; in fact snowfalls are few and far between. When it falls it stays though, and there tends to be a layer of snow constantly on the ground between December and March. Summertime brings unexpected rain showers, so an umbrella and light raincoat are recommended. What are Estonians like? The character of Estonians has inevitably been shaped by their country's history and its natural environment. It's the long, dark winters that have most likely fostered their self-absorbed and silent manner. At the same time, this dreary season has inspired an abundance of folktale and song that may well provide insights into the nature of the contemporary urbanized Estonian. Ernest Hemingway has written that in every port in the world, at least one Estonian can be found; this speaks volumes about the nation's enterprising spirit. Estonians are third-generation city people at most, so almost all families have relatives living in the country. Childhood memories will undoubtedly include summers spent in the country. The somewhat grim and reserved Estonian of the winter months undergoes a significant change in summer: he will ask friends out for a picnic, meet new people, and rather than glaring at anyone causing a disturbance in the street, he will burst into merry laughter. A foreigner is well advised to bear in mind that in human relations, Estonians try to avoid sentimentality. Much of what other nationalities voice without hesitation, Estonians may reveal only once they know a person quite well. Do I need to speak Estonian to live in Tartu/Estonia? English is widely spoken in Estonia. You do not need to speak Estonian in order to live and study here. However we encourage international students to take Estonian as an elective course during their studies to feel more comfortable in the country and understand better Estonia and Estonians. If you did not receive an answer to your questions you can send us your information request. Map of UT buildings Contacts Accessibility Data protection policy IT helpdesk Services and procurements Gift shop Reporting channel Website feedback