Skip to main content Skip to main content Current students New students Student services and support If something happens Get involved in student life International opportunities Financial matters Healthcare Rights and responsibilities When leaving Lund University Alumni Join the Alumni Network Membership benefits Alumni events Alumni news and stories FAQs and contact Staff website Libraries website Academic Calendar Swedish website Listen Search Header search Header search Swedish website Listen Home Study Study at Lund University Find degree studies Admission to degree studies All study opportunities Your academic experience Connect with us Student life Lund as a student city Before you arrive Housing Student organisations Sport and exercise Cultural activities Faith and spirituality Student services Research and innovation Find research and researchers Focus areas Research infrastructures Innovation Nobel Prize Discover research and innovation About the University The University at a glance Faculties, departments and centres Management and organisation Global engagement Research collaboration Work for us Contact us Visit the University Giving to Lund University The University in a turbulent world Menu Close menu Home Study Submenu for Study Student life Submenu for Student life Research and innovation Submenu for Research and innovation About the University Submenu for About the University Current students Submenu for Current students Alumni Submenu for Alumni Staff website Libraries website Academic Calendar Listen Start Study Admission to degree studies Scholarships and awards The browser you are using is not supported by this website. All versions of Internet Explorer are no longer supported, either by us or Microsoft (read more here: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/windows/end-of-ie-support ). Please use a modern browser to fully experience our website, such as the newest versions of Edge, Chrome, Firefox or Safari etc. Study at Lund University Find degree studies Admission to degree studies Submenu for Admission to degree studies Entry requirements Submenu for Entry requirements Country-specific requirements English requirements Final year Bachelor's students Applying for studies Submenu for Applying for studies Application steps Ranking your choices Documentation Application fee Application checklist Your application status Admission results Submenu for Admission results Newly admitted students Tuition fees Submenu for Tuition fees Tuition fee refund policy Residence permit and next steps Scholarships and awards Submenu for Scholarships and awards Lund University Global Scholarship African Research Universities Alliance Scholarship External scholarships FAQs - application and admission All study opportunities Submenu for All study opportunities Bachelor's degree studies Master's degree studies Exchange and study abroad Submenu for Exchange and study abroad Exchange studies Submenu for Exchange studies Find exchange courses Special Area Study courses Swedish language courses for exchange students Admission requirements for exchange courses Exchange application and acceptance Next steps for accepted exchange students Information for partner coordinators Submenu for Information for partner coordinators Student mobility contacts Study Abroad programmes Doctoral studies Distance learning and MOOCs Submenu for Distance learning and MOOCs MOOCs Professional development Submenu for Professional development Contract education funded by your employer Capacity development programmes For employers Swedish language studies Your academic experience Submenu for Your academic experience Teaching and learning Degrees and academic credits Academic calendar Connect with us Submenu for Connect with us Online Submenu for Online Upcoming virtual events Contact us regarding Bachelor's and Master's studies Connect with current students Lund University International Podcast At Lund Submenu for At Lund Campus tours and information sessions In a city near you Submenu for In a city near you International fairs and events International representatives Scholarships and awards Scholarships for students applying for studies at Lund University There are a number of scholarships that you can apply for as an applicant to Lund University. Lund University Global Scholarship The Lund University Global Scholarship is an academic excellence award targeting top students from all countries outside the EU/EEA. Students who have made a complete application for a Master's programme, or, in exceptional cases, for one of a few selected Bachelor's programmes, are invited to apply for this tuition fee scholarship after the admissions application period has closed. About the Lund University Global Scholarship African Research Universities Alliance (ARUA) Scholarship Lund University offers a selective and merit-based scholarship programme for high-achieving African students who have demonstrated academic excellence at one of the member universities of ARUA. Please read the information on the page linked below carefully to ensure you are eligible and to find out when and how you can apply. About the African Research Universities Alliance (ARUA) Scholarship SI Scholarships Global Professionals The Swedish Institute (SI), a Swedish government agency, has a number of scholarships open for students from 34 countries outside the EU/EEA area. Depending on your nationality and field of study, the scholarships may apply to you. The SI scholarships cover both tuition fee and living expenses. Please note that you must have submitted an application for a Master's programme at universityadmissions.se before applying for the SI Scholarship. For more information, visit the Swedish Institute's website: SI Scholarship for Global Professionals Pioneering Women in STEM Women from 10 countries in Africa and Asia are welcome to apply for this fully funded scholarship. It is designed for those passionate about driving change and addressing global challenges and who are applying for a one or two-year Master's programme in fields of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM). Please note that you must have submitted an application for a Master's programme at universityadmissions.se before applying for the scholarship. For more information, visit the Swedish Institute's website: SI Scholarship Pioneering Women in STEM Programme-specific scholarships Programme-specific scholarships are currently available for a few of our regular Master's programmes, see below. In addition, scholarships may be available for our joint Master's programmes. Scholarship for the Master's Programme in Entrepreneurship and Innovation Through the generous donation from the Sten K. Johnson Centre for Entrepreneurship, a full scholarship is available for students applying for the Master's Programme in Entrepreneurship and Innovation. Apply for the scholarship through the LU Global Scholarship application Close Scholarship for the Master's Programme in Industrial Design The Ingvar Kamprad Scholarship is available for students who are applying for the Master's Programme in Industrial Design. The Ingvar Kamprad Scholarship Close Scholarships for European joint Master's programmes Lund University is a partner in several European joint Master's programmes. As a student on these Master's programmes, scholarships may be available to cover both tuition fees and living expenses. European joint Master's programmes Close Local funding organisations with a Lund University agreement In the following countries, there are local funding organisations that have an agreement or similar arrangements with Lund University: Brazil Instituto Trajetórias has an agreement with Lund University and offers funding to Brazilian students wishing to undertake graduate study abroad at world top-100 universities. For more information, please visit their website. Instituto Trajetórias' website Close Canada Canada student aid Lund University is registered for Canadian student aid programmes and is recognised by the Canadian tax authorities. Therefore, we accept students using Canadian student aid schemes. For more information, please contact the Financial Aid Officer at Lund University at studielan [at] er [dot] lu [dot] se (studielan[at]er[dot]lu[dot]se) . Close Chile Students from Chile may be eligible to apply for scholarships from CONICYT to study a Master's programme at Lund University. CONICYT offers scholarships in a range of subject areas, including science, engineering, architecture and business. The CONICYT website (in Spanish) Close Colombia Students from Colombia may be eligible to apply for loan schemes and scholarships for Master's studies at Lund University. For information about eligibility and the application process, please visit the Colfuturo website. The Colfuturo website (in Spanish) Close Guatemala Students from Guatemala may be eligible to apply for loan schemes and scholarships for Master's studies at Lund University. For information about eligibility and the application process, please visit the GuateFuturo website. The GuateFuturo website (in Spanish) Close Honduras Students from Honduras may be eligible to apply for loan schemes and scholarships for Master's studies at Lund University. For information about eligibility and the application process, please visit the HonduFuturo website. The HonduFuturo website (in Spanish) Close Indonesia Students from Indonesia applying to Master's studies at Lund University may be eligible to apply for the full scholarships from LPDP to cover their costs. For information about eligibility and the application process for the LPDP scholarships, please see LPDP's website. The LPDP website Close Mexico Students from Mexico admitted to Master's degree programmes at Lund University and who also receive funding from the Mexican Government's Fund for Human Resource Development (FIDERH) are eligible for a partial scholarship. The eligible fields of study are: Humanities, Health, Social Sciences, Business, Natural Sciences, Agriculture, Engineering and Technology. The FIDERH website Students from Mexico admitted to Master's degree programmes at Lund University and who receive financial aid and/or scholarships from Fundación Mexicana para la Educación, la Tecnología y la Ciencia (FUNED) are eligible for a partial scholarship from Lund University. The FUNED website Close United States Sallie Mae Lund University administer private student loans from Sallie Mae for both Bachelor's and Master's students, and accept these loans for payment. Sallie Mae's website Close Uruguay Students from Uruguay may be eligible to apply for loan schemes and scholarships for Master's studies at Lund University. For information about eligibility and the application process, please visit the ANII website. The ANII website (in Spanish) Close In addition to the scholarships offered by Lund University, you may be eligible for external scholarships and funding if you apply and are admitted. External scholarships Scholarship key facts 2026 SEK 26 million (SEK 26 million (EUR 2.3 million/USD 2.7 million) were awarded in scholarships by Lund University 110 Lund University Global Scholarships were awarded by Lund University 20% of the national Swedish Institute Scholarships were awarded to Lund University students Over 40 countries represented by scholarship recipients, including USA, Indonesia, China, India, Mexico, Bangladesh and Brazil, among others Lund University has agreements with several country-specific scholarship-and funding programmes Living costs in Sweden Budget right! Estimate your expenses before coming to Sweden. Last updated: 18 Sep 2026 | editors-studies [at] kommunikation [dot] lu [dot] se Faculties Faculty of Engineering, LTH Faculty of Fine and Performing Arts Faculties of Humanities and Theology Faculty of Law Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Science Faculty of Social Sciences School of Economics and Management, LUSEM All faculties and departments Institutes and centres Institutes and Research Centres Cultural and Public Centres University administration University Management International Office Press Office Contact information Box 117, 221 00 Lund, Sweden Telephone: +46 (0)46 222 00 00 (switchboard) Invoice address: Box 188, 221 00 Lund Organisation number: 202100-3211 Contact us Shortcuts Webmail Privacy policy About this website Cookie policy Accessibility statement Giving to Lund Find us on social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Collaboration and networks Back to top