Skip to main content Give Apply Report A Concern Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Admissions Explore Penn State Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Research Athletics Athletics News News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About About Mission and Values History History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Our Impact Stories of Impact How To Apply J oin the community that's ready to cheer you on. We want to help you manage the process of applying to Penn State. Home / Undergraduate Admissions / How to Apply Ways to Apply to Penn State MyPennState Log in to MyPennState to access the online application and start on your path to becoming a Nittany Lion! MyPennState Application Common App Penn State is one of more than 800 colleges across the United States accepting applications through the Common App. Apply on the Common Application Join Our Community Top 6% World-class university. Center for World University Rankings, 2025 819K+ Alumni network that connects you for life. 50K Career preparedness programs. Before You Apply Two important considerations before you begin your application: What do you want to study? Research our more than 275 majors to narrow down your choices or apply undecided. Undergraduate Majors Where do you want to study? Research all of our campus locations to find out which one is best for you. Undergraduate Campuses Important Dates Application for Admission Fall and Summer: Available August 1 Spring: Available June 1 For Early Action: Apply by November 1 in order to receive a decision by December 24 Recommended submission deadline for all applications: December 1 Admissions Requirements The minimum requirements for Penn State admission are outlined below. Based on your applicant type, you may also have to meet additional requirements. Frequently Asked Questions Explore frequently asked questions about the Undergraduate Admissions application process below and view the full list if you have additional questions. How do I apply to Penn State? With undergraduate campuses across Pennsylvania and the online World Campus, we are ready to support you with top-notch programs, engaging student life, and vibrant communities. S tudents have two options when applying to Penn State University Park, one of our commonwealth campus locations or to an online program at our World Campus. Students may apply to Penn State using either the MyPennState application, or through the CommonApp. Penn State holds no preference between the two methods and encourages students to use the method which works best for them. Review our for admission requirements and steps to apply. What is the Penn State Undergraduate Admissions Application Fee? The Penn State Undergraduate Admissions application requires applicants to pay a nonrefundable application fee via credit card. Students who have requested and received an approved application fee waiver will be able to bypass the payment screen on the application. Domestic Fee: $65 International Fee: $75 Am I eligible for an application fee waiver? You are eligible for an application fee waiver if you meet one or more of the following criteria: You are enrolled in or eligible to participate in the federal free or reduced price lunch program (FRPL). If you attend a school where all students receive free lunch or testing fee waivers, you do not necessarily qualify for an application fee waiver. Before requesting an application fee waiver, check if you meet federal guidelines for FRPL or ensure you meet at least 1 other qualification. You have received or are eligible to receive an SAT or ACT fee waiver. Your annual family income falls within the income eligibility guidelines set by the USDA Food and Nutrition Service. Your family receives public assistance. You are enrolled in a federal, state, or local program that aids students from low-income families (e.g., GEAR UP, TRIO such as Upward Bound or others). You live in a federally subsidized public housing, a foster home or are homeless. You are a ward of the state or an orphan. You have received or are eligible to receive a Pell Grant. You can provide a supporting statement from a school official, college access counselor, financial aid officer, or community leader. Can I get a refund on my application fee? All application fees are non-refundable. When can students begin applying to Penn State as Test Optional? Students applying for the spring, summer, or fall application terms applicants can decide whether or not to have SAT or ACT exam scores considered as part of the admission review. First-year Penn State applicants for Spring, Summer, or Fall are able to choose whether to submit SAT or ACT scores as part of their applications. Applicants that have elected to have scores used in the evaluation of their application can self-report SAT or ACT exam scores via their MyPennState account after they have submitted an application for admission. If you have applied to the Accelerated Premedical-Medical Program , SAT or ACT scores are required for consideration and and must be submitted by program's October 13 deadline. Can I self-report SAT or ACT Test Scores at Penn State? First-year Penn State applicants for Spring, Summer, or Fall are able to choose whether to submit SAT or ACT scores as part of their applications. Applicants that have elected to have scores used in the evaluation of their application can self-report SAT or ACT exam scores via their MyPennState account after they have submitted an application for admission. If you have applied to the Accelerated Premedical-Medical Program , SAT or ACT scores are required for consideration and and must be submitted by program's October 13 deadline. Does Penn State require applicants to submit scores from the optional Science portions of the Enhanced ACT exam? Penn State does not require or accept scores from the optional Science portion of the Enhanced ACT exam. For first-year applicants, Penn State is test-optional, so submitting scores is not required for your application. Applicants that have elected to have scores used in the evaluation of their application can self-report SAT or ACT exam scores in MyPennState. Applicants will be asked to enter scores from each exam date they participated in. Penn State will use a student's highest combined score from one single test date. Penn State does not utilize a superscore. How do I apply for financial aid? To be eligible for financial aid, students must fill out a FAFSA form. Review our Applying for Aid information by visiting the . Application Details For: First-Year Students International Students Adult and Military Students Transfer Students The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Penn State Health Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Corporate Partners Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2026