Skip to main content Give Apply Report A Concern Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Admissions Explore Penn State Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Research Athletics Athletics News News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About About Mission and Values History History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Our Impact Stories of Impact How To Apply International Students Penn State offers high-quality academics and student support services to help international students considering a Penn State degree. Home / Undergraduate Admissions / How to Apply / International Students Applying for International Students Any student who requires any type of visa to attend Penn State is considered an international student. International students have unique deadlines and requirements to consider when applying to the University. Steps to Apply Please review these helpful steps to understand the Penn State application process for international students. Admission Requirements Review the requirements for both first-year and transfer international students applying to Penn State. Application Review Learn more about how Penn State evaluates the thousands of applications we receive from international students. International Student Resources Ways to Apply to Penn State MyPennState Log in to MyPennState to access the online application and start on your path to becoming a Nittany Lion! MyPennState Application Common App Penn State is one of more than 800 colleges across the United States accepting applications through the Common App. Apply on the Common Application Before You Apply Two important considerations before you begin your application: What do you want to study? Research our more than 275 majors to narrow down your choices or apply undecided. Undergraduate Majors Where do you want to study? Research all of our campus locations to find out which one is best for you. Undergraduate Campuses A Powerful Global Network As one of the top institutions in the world, Penn State draws students from around the world. You will be connected with resources to make a global impact as both a student and graduate. Top 6% World-class university. QS World University Rankings, 2026 Top 30 U.S. research university. 819K+ Alumni around the world. Managing the Application Process We know that you are managing a lot as you are researching universities in the U.S. and reviewing all of the many application details. To help you complete your Penn State application, be sure to research the important deadlines and required academic credentials. Dates & Deadlines Review the important deadlines for both first-year and transfer international students. Dates & Deadlines for International Students Academic Credentials Learn about the required academic documents for admission and enrollment at Penn State. International Credentials Penn State Global Supporting the International Community International students contribute to the vibrant global community at Penn State. From working on the I-20 process to managing student orientation and guiding student organizations, Penn State Global provides future and current international students with the guidance they need to be successful at Penn State. Penn State Global Tuition and Costs C osts are an important factor in your decision to invest in a college education. After accepting an offer of admission, as an international student, you must certify that sufficient resources are available to cover expenses for the first calendar year at Penn State, exclusive of travel expenses. Additionally, you will be asked to indicate your ability to meet expenses for subsequent years. To help you plan, please review the costs at both University Park and our Commonwealth Campuses. Connect with Penn State Questions? Visit our page to connect with a member of our international admissions team. The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Penn State Health Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Corporate Partners Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2026