Skip to main content Give Apply Report A Concern Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Admissions Explore Penn State Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Research Athletics Athletics News News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About About Mission and Values History History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Our Impact Stories of Impact How To Apply First-Year Students Whether you are just starting to research colleges and universities or you are ready to apply, we know there are many things to consider. We want to help you manage the process of applying to Penn State. Home / Undergraduate Admissions / How to Apply / First-Year Students Applying for First-Year Students You are a first-year student if you are a U.S. citizen or permanent resident who is currently in high school or has completed fewer than 18 college credits. Steps to Apply Please review these helpful steps to understand the Penn State application process for first-year students. Admission Requirements Review the minimum high school course requirements and other details for admission to the University. Application Review Penn State receives over 100,000 first-year student applications, so ensure your application is as competitive as possible. First-Year Student Resources Ways to Apply to Penn State MyPennState Log in to MyPennState to access the online application and start on your path to becoming a Nittany Lion! MyPennState Application Common App Penn State is one of more than 800 colleges across the United States accepting applications through the Common App. Apply on the Common Application Before You Apply Two important considerations before you begin your application: What do you want to study? Research our more than 275 majors to narrow down your choices or apply undecided. Undergraduate Majors Where do you want to study? Research all of our campus locations to find out which one is best for you. Undergraduate Campuses Penn Staters Make an Impact On campus, off campus, and after they leave campus, Penn Staters are dedicated, involved, and ready to use our vast resources to make an impact. Top 30 U.S. research university. 819K+ Alumni network that connects you for life. 1,200+ Student clubs and organizations. Additional Information To help you complete your Penn State application, be sure to research the important deadlines and learn more about the 2+2 plan. Dates and Deadlines Review the important deadlines for first-year students. Dates & Deadlines for First-Year Students 2+2 Plan Our 2+2 Plan allows students to start their Penn State experience at one campus before transitioning to another campus to complete their degree. 2+ 2 Plan Details Incoming Class Profile: Middle 50% Ranges The ranges in the chart below represent the middle 50 percent of students offered admission to their first-choice campus for summer/fall 2025-they are not cutoffs or averages. These ranges are for estimating purposes only and in no way represents a promise or guarantee of admission. Placing in the upper end of both ranges increases the likelihood of being offered your first choice of campus and/or major. Placing in the lower end may require you to be more flexible in making your campus (and perhaps major) choices. Financing Your Education We are committed to ensure your investment in an education leads to high-quality opportunities in and out of the classroom and well beyond graduation. Through a variety of financial programs and resources, Penn State is ready to support you as you begin your path to success. Tuition We know costs are an important factor in any decision to invest in a college education. We want to help you make an informed choice. Tuition & Costs Financial Aid Learn about student financial aid, understanding requirements, and your eligibility. How Aid Works Connect with Penn State Questions? Visit our page to connect with an admissions recruiter. The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Penn State Health Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Corporate Partners Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2026