Skip to main content Give Apply Report A Concern Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Admissions Explore Penn State Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Research Athletics Athletics News News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About About Mission and Values History History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Our Impact Stories of Impact Home / Undergraduate Admissions / Tuition and Costs Tuition and Costs We know costs are an important factor in any decision to invest in a college education. We want to help you to make an informed choice. Penn State Tuition Below are the most recent tuition rates with room and board estimates for an academic year (fall and spring semesters). These costs are set by the Board of Trustees each year in July. We encourage students and families to budget for additional cost including travel, personal expenses, books, and supplies. Penn State's tuition rates vary by campus, program, student level, and residency. For a full list of cost of attendance items and the most up-to date tuition and fees information including summer session, visit the . All World Campus students pay the same tuition rate, regardless of residency. Visit the World Campus website for tuition details. Cost Tools Penn State provides several tools to help you estimate the costs associated with earning a degree. We encourage students to use them in order to have a better understanding of the true cost of attendance. Penn State Student Aid Penn State's Office of Student Aid handles loans, grants, work-study, and scholarships, and is your go-to for financial questions. Tuition Website Use this tool to calculate tuition based on campus, program, and residency, and see specific rates for individual students. College Cost Calculator Estimate essential costs of attending Penn State, then customize for a more accurate reflection of your individual expenses. Housing and Food Services Research room and meal rates for each campus to understand the costs associated with your living options. Penn State Global Find detailed financial information for international students interested in attending Penn State, including costs and aid options. Residency Information Since Penn State is a state-affiliated institution, tuition rates are different for in-state and out-of-state students. Learn more about the policy and the process if you have to appeal residency. Generally speaking, a student needs to live in Pennsylvania for non-academic reasons for a year prior to enrollment to be considered a resident for tuition purposes. More details on Penn State's residency policy and residency FAQs can be found on the Office of the Bursar website . Current Penn State students wishing to appeal their residency status should follow the steps outlined on the Office of the Bursar website . Residency Review Upon application to Penn State, initial residency classification is generally assigned automatically according to the location of the student's high school and parental domicile for applicants under age 24. If this is the case when you apply, and your high school no longer reflects your state of residency, or you believe you have been incorrectly classified as an out-of-state student, you will need to request a residency review. For residency reviews prior to enrollment, please send an email to admissions@psu.edu with "residency review" in the subject line. Be sure to include your full name and Penn State ID or MyPennState user ID with your review. Please do not upload documents to an email. Instructions will be sent with a safe upload link protecting sensitive information. Examples of documents that may be part of the review process: Students 24 and Under Copy of your parents' lease, deed, or mortgage Copy of your parents' first page of the Federal (1040) and Pennsylvania income tax (PA 40) returns for the most recent year (you may redact social security) Copy of your parents' current Pennsylvania driver's license or state-issued photo identification card Adult Students Copy of your lease, deed, or mortgage Copy of the first page of your Federal (1040) and Pennsylvania income tax (PA 40) returns for the most recent year (you may redact social security and financial information) Copy of your current Pennsylvania driver's license or state-issued photo identification card Attention Military-Connected Students! Recent state legislation now requires public institutions of higher learning, State-related institutions, State-owned institutions, and private institutions in Pennsylvania to charge resident tuition rates to veterans, their spouses, and dependent children who do not currently reside in Pennsylvania. Resident tuition rates will also be extended to guard/reservists/active-duty members, their spouses, and dependent children regardless of residency, as well as any civilian personnel, their spouses, and dependent children employed at a Department of Defense facility who are transferred to Pennsylvania by the Department of Defense and who reside in Pennsylvania. Email admissions@psu.edu to ask for a residency review if Pennsylvania is your home of record or duty station (whether you are the spouse/dependent or military member). Please note, under this legislation, "Veteran" is defined as "an individual who served in the United States Armed Forces, including a reserve component or the National Guard and who was discharged or released from service under conditions other than dishonorable. The term includes an individual described in 38 U.S.C. § 3319(b) (relating to authority to transfer unused education benefits to family members). Please see the full act by visiting the Pennsylvania General Assembly webpage . In order to receive the in-state tuition, veteran and/or dependent status must be verified. For more information about the process to request in-state tuition based on this legislation, please go to the Office of Veterans Programs webpage . *Please note, those students using Department of Veterans Affairs education benefits automatically receive in-state tuition and are therefore not required to complete this process. Scholarships and Awards Scholarships and awards are a form of financial aid that does not need to be repaid. Penn State offers several sources for possible scholarships funding. While not a requirement for all scholarships, Penn State recommends that all students who are offered admission submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to maximize their aid options. T he Office of Student Aid is just one unit that offers scholarships and awards at Penn State. Additionally, scholarships and awards can be offered from academic colleges, campuses, and other administrative units, some of which will require separate applications. In addition to the scholarships and awards outlined on the Office of Student Aid website , Penn State offers the following awards to incoming first-year and transfer students through Undergraduate Admissions: The Penn State Provost Academic Award The Provost Academic Award is offered annually to first-time, first-year students who are non-residents of Pennsylvania and enroll in a baccalaureate degree at Penn State University Park for the fall semester immediately following their high school graduation. Provost Academic Award The Penn State Commonwealth Award The Penn State Commonwealth Award is offered annually to first-time, first-year students who are residents of Pennsylvania and enroll at a Penn State campus other than Penn State University Park or Penn State World Campus for the fall semester immediately following their high school graduation. Transfer students are not eligible to receive the award. Commonwealth Award The Penn State Discover Award The Discover Award is awarded to first-time, first-year domestic students who enroll at a Penn State campus other than Penn State University Park or Penn State World Campus for both the fall and spring semester immediately following their high school graduation. Transfer students who enroll in a degree program that can be completed at a Penn State campus other than Penn State University Park or Penn State World campus are also eligible. Discover Award The Penn State LiveOn Student Success Grant The LiveOn Student Success Grant is a unique student financial aid funding opportunity supported by Penn State Housing and Food Services (HFS) to assure student undergraduate academic success, persistence to undergraduate degree completion, and address potential housing and food insecurities throughout a student's four-year academic career. LiveOn Student Success Grant The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Penn State Health Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Corporate Partners Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2026