Skip to main content Give Apply Report A Concern Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Admissions Explore Penn State Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Research Athletics Athletics News News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About About Mission and Values History History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Our Impact Stories of Impact Home / Resources / International Students / Steps to Apply for International Students Steps to Apply for International Students Join the thousands of international undergraduate students that call Penn State home. With students from more than 140 countries, international students are approximately 10% of all undergraduate students at Penn State, making for a truly diverse University. Not sure if you are an international student? You are an international student if you require any type of visa to attend Penn State. If you will study at Penn State on a visa, then review the below steps to apply! 1 Do some research on programs and campuses. With undergraduate campuses across Pennsylvania and more than 275 academic programs, you have a lot of options at Penn State! Don't wait until you are ready to apply to do your research. Even if you think you might know what and where you want to study, take some time to explore our majors, as you might discover a new passion or determine that you can specialize your studies more than you thought. And if you are still unsure after spending time reviewing our programs, don't worry - as a first-year applicant, you can apply as an undecided student through our Division of Undergraduate Studies. Transfer students who are more focused should spend time reviewing requirements to make sure they have the needed coursework to pursue their intended degree. Additionally, we have a variety of campus environments to choose from, allowing students flexibility on the path to earning their Penn State degree. Whether you want big or small, or rural or urban, you can start most of our academic programs at any campus. Even if you have one campus in mind, spend time looking at other campuses, as we ask first-year students for two campus selections when completing the application. You can also apply with the intention of studying at two campuses - be sure to read more about the as you consider your options! Transfer students apply to programs at specific campuses, which still leaves you with a lot of different environments and options. 2 Review admission requirements and deadlines. Now that you have considered your campus options and program of study, make sure that you meet the requirements for admission for your program. Some of Penn State's programs have added academic requirements or additional admission and/or application requirements. You can review the requirements below: International Requirements First-Year Admission Requirements Transfer Admission Requirements Knowing when to apply is as important as knowing what program you are applying to! International students have specific deadlines to ensure they have time to go through the visa process for enrollment. Some programs have other deadlines, so be sure to review the date by which we need your complete application: International Deadlines First-Year Deadlines Transfer Deadlines 3 Gather everything you need to apply. Before you start the first-year application, be sure to get a copy of your transcript so that you can complete your Self-reported Transcript and Academic Record System (STARS) Record or send official transcripts, if in the South Korean educational system. You might have access to this through your school system, or you may have to request it from your school counselor. Transfer students will need to request official secondary transcripts be sent to Penn State. Additionally, you will need a credit card to pay the application fee to submit the application. 4 Access the Penn State application. There are two ways to apply to Penn State as a first-year student - through MyPennState or through the Common App. Students who apply through the Common App will still create a MyPennState profile, but this will happen later in the process. Transfer students can only apply through MyPennState. MyPennState Application : If applying in MyPennState, you will have access to the entire application, including the Self-reported Transcript and Academic Record System (STARS) Record (if applicable), in one place. When creating the profile, please use the name that is on your passport. Because materials are filed alphabetically under the family name on the application, it is important that all correspondence and records consistently use the same name (family and given) and spelling. If this name does not match your academic records, please notify us of the difference. Please note: In the U.S., the family name is usually referred to as the last name, and the given name is referred to as the first name. Your application can be saved at each step of the process, which allows you to move back and forth through the application or log off and return to complete the application later. Common App Application : If you are using the Common App, then applying to Penn State will be a two-part process. Once you complete your application in the Common App, we will send you an email directing you to MyPennState to complete the STARS Record. Your MyPennState account will be created for you, and the email you receive will provide access to your MyPennState account. Do not create a separate MyPennState account as this will delay the processing of your application. Penn State requires the completion of the SRAR via MyPennState and does not accept the high school record that is available in the Common App. 5 Finalize all your application details. You already spent time thinking about your major and campus - now's the time you let us know your program of study, your first-choice campus, and your alternate-choice campus, if applicable. First-year applicants have a few other options to consider while completing the application. First, you will let us know if you are going to be applying for test-optional admission or if you are submitting test scores. Be sure to review our Middle 50% to guide you as you make this decision. Applicants that have elected to have scores used in the evaluation of their application can self-report SAT or ACT exam scores in MyPennState. For students applying to University Park as their first-choice campus and fall as their starting term, you will see a question asking if you would be interested in starting in the summer session, should we not be able to offer fall admission. Saying "yes" to this question will increase your chances of admission to University Park because summer admission is slightly less competitive than fall admission. If a student is admitted to summer, that session is mandatory, so do not say "yes" unless you are able to start at University Park in summer session (typically late June/early July). Lastly, all applicants can complete the optional Activities section and Personal Statement within the application. 6 Submit your application! The application requires international applicants to pay a nonrefundable application fee of $75 via credit card. Be sure to complete the last step after "Summary and Review," which finalizes payment. For those applying in MyPennState, you can verify its completion on the Application Checklist, which may take up to 24 hours to update. For first-year students submitting via the Common App, look for your email on how to access your MyPennState account 24-48 hours after application submission. 7 Submit any required materials. Submitting the online application is just the first step to completing your application. Depending on whether you are a first-year or a transfer applicant, you have other items you need to provide to complete your application. All international students whose native language is not English have to submit proof of English language proficiency, but the other requirements will vary by applicant type, so be sure to read the admission requirements for international students . Some programs require additional items to complete your application. You can review your Application Checklist in MyPennState for details after application submission or review admission requirements by applicant type: First-Year Admission Requirements Transfer Admission Requirements Lastly, Penn State does not require letters of recommendation for admission to the University, nor are they used in the application review process. Note that some specific programs require recommendations. 8 Check your application status. You can always check the status of your application in MyPennState . We will communicate with you via MyPennState and through email regarding any missing items for your application. Please note that it is your responsibility to check the status of your application and send us any missing materials to meet application deadlines. When everything has arrived, you will see a status in MyPennState confirming the completion of your application. Lastly, MyPennState is where you will see your admission decision! Be sure to review Dates & Deadlines to have an idea of when you might see your decision. 9 Consider enrollment requirements for international students. International students admitted to Penn State have to take additional steps to enroll at the University. First, international students must certify that sufficient resources are available to cover out-of-state tuition and other expenses for the first calendar year at Penn State, exclusive of travel expenses. You must also indicate how you will meet your expenses for subsequent years. The actual financial guarantee requirement and estimated costs of attendance are available from the Office of Global Programs' International Student and Scholar Advising (ISSA) . You can also contact ISSA via email at international@psu.edu . Next, you will need to work on your visa. Penn State no longer requires any visa or immigration related documentation at the time of application. International applicants should not send this information until they receive an admissions decision. Once you have received an offer of admission from Penn State and paid your acceptance fees, the International Student and Scholar Advising (ISSA) will start a file for issuing the appropriate visa eligibility document. ISSA will contact you via email with the next steps of the process. Visit the ISSA website for more information on the visa documentation process . The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Penn State Health Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Corporate Partners Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2026