Skip to main content Give Apply Report A Concern Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Admissions Explore Penn State Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Research Athletics Athletics News News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About About Mission and Values History History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Our Impact Stories of Impact Home / Resources / First-Year Students / Admissions Requirements Admissions Requirements for First-Year Students The minimum high school requirements for Penn State admission are outlined below. These requirements apply to all students who are interested in pursuing a degree at Penn State. Depending upon what type of applicant you are, you may also have to meet additional requirements. Please review all applicable requirements prior to applying for admission. High School Requirements for a Four-Year Degree The below chart outlines the minimum high school academic requirements for admission to a four-year program by units of study. In most high school curricula one unit is equal to one year of work. Category 1: Majors in these colleges at University Park: Smeal College of Business College of Earth and Mineral Sciences College of Engineering College of Information Sciences and Technology Eberly College of Science Majors at other campuses: Information Technology programs at Abington, Altoona, Beaver, Berks, Behrend, Brandywine, Greater Allegheny, Harrisburg, Lehigh Valley, and Schuylkill Business programs at Behrend and Harrisburg Engineering/Engineering Technology at Altoona, Behrend, Berks, and Harrisburg. Science at Abington, Altoona, Beaver, Behrend, Berks, Brandywine, Harrisburg, Lehigh Valley, Schuylkill, and Scranton. Category 2: Business programs at Abington, Altoona, Beaver, Berks, Brandywine, Greater Allegheny, Hazleton, Lehigh Valley, Schuylkill, Scranton, World Campus. All other four-year majors at the University and the Division of Undergraduate Studies *Math Requirement: Some colleges and majors require the completion of additional math in high school in order to be eligible for admission. Statistics does not meet the math requirement for those programs. **World Language Requirement: Two units in a single world language other than English are required. American Sign Language can be used to satisfy the World Language requirement for admission. A student may be admitted with fewer than two units in a world language other than English but must correct this deficiency by the time they graduate from Penn State. This deficiency may be corrected by passing one three-credit or four-credit college-level world language course, by earning transferable credits from another institution, or by demonstrating proficiency equivalent to two units of high school world language study. High School Requirements for a Two-Year Degree The below chart outlines the minimum high school academic requirements for admission to a two-year program by units of study. In most high school curricula one unit is equal to one year of work. Information for Applicants with a General Equivalency Diploma (GED) or High School Equivalency (HSE) If you did not graduate from high school and earned a GED/HSE, official high school transcripts through the last year you completed AND an official GED/HSE transcript are required. All high school and GEDHSE transcripts must be sent directly to Penn State from the high school (educational institution of origin) or GED testing center to be considered official. Students can obtain their official GED through the Department of Education in the state from which the GED was received. General Equivalency Diploma (GED) and High School Equivalency (HSE) holders should contact the GED testing service to have your official GED/HSE transcript sent directly to Undergraduate Admissions. Pennsylvania residents: DiplomaSender Non-Pennsylvania residents: GED Testing Services website The Undergraduate Admissions Office will review each applicant's high school coursework and/or GED/HSE individually when considering a student for admission. Adult Learner Applicant with a GED Adult learners are required to send a GED transcript only. Please review Penn State's definition of an adult learner to determine what you will need to include with your application. Additional Requirements for Specific Programs Some of Penn State's programs have additional application requirements. Review the programs below to determine if you need to prepare additional materials. Acting BFA Applicants need to submit a prescreen to complete the application. More information is available on the College of Arts and Architecture website . Graphic Design Applicants need to submit Evidence of Creative Work to complete the application. More information is available at the College of Arts and Architecture website . Millennium Scholars Program Applicants must submit essay question responses and recommendation letters. More information is available at the Millennium Scholars Program website . Music Applicants must schedule a School of Music audition to complete the application. More information is available on the Arts & Architecture website . Musical Theatre Applicants must submit a prescreen to complete the application. More information is available on the Arts & Architecture website . Premedical-Medical BS/MD Applicants must submit a one-page resume and responses to program questions within the application. SAT or ACT scores are mandatory for consideration. Review the Accelerated Premedical-Medical Program admission requirements information on the Eberly College of Science website . Professional Golf Management Applicants must present evidence of a playing proficiency reflected in a handicap of 12 or lower. Verification may be confirmed by a member of the PGA or a High School Golf Coach. More information is available on the Health and Human Development website . Schreyer Honors College Applicants must submit essays, responses to short answer questions, and recommendation letters. Applicants applying before November 1 may also participate in an optional interview. More information is available at the Schreyer Honors College website . Theatre, BFA Applicants must submit a prescreen to complete the application. More information is available on the Arts & Architecture website . The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Penn State Health Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Corporate Partners Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2026