Skip to main content Give Apply Report A Concern Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About Mission and Values History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Stories of Impact Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Majors Honors Programs Online Learning Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate and Professional Studies Graduate Programs Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Degrees Academic Colleges Campus Locations Global Education Academic Calendar Admissions Admissions Explore Penn State Explore Penn State Find Your Fit Quiz Undergraduate Campuses Residence Life Clubs and Organizations Athletics Well-Being and Safety Undergraduate Undergraduate Academic Credit Resources and FAQ How to Apply Contact Visit Graduate Graduate How to Apply Programs Continuing Education Continuing Education Programs Professional Schools Professional Schools Penn State Dickinson Law College of Medicine Online Costs & Aid Costs & Aid How Aid Works Types of Aid Types of Aid Scholarships Grants Student Employment Federal Work-Study Loans Apply for Aid Apply for Aid Prospective Students Current Students Transfer Students Military and Veteran Students Graduate and Professional Students Managing Your Aid Managing Your Aid Understanding Your Offer Paying Your Bill Why Aid is On Hold Special or Unusual Circumstances Accepting or Declining Aid Academic Progress and Aid Cost of Attendance Resources and FAQ Resources and FAQ OBBBA Resources Contact Research Research Athletics Athletics News News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News About About Mission and Values History History Traditions Nittany Lion Shrine Facts and Rankings Belonging Leadership Leadership Board of Trustees President's Office University Faculty Senate Our Impact Our Impact Stories of Impact Student Aid Scholarships Explore scholarships opportunities at Penn State and how to search for external scholarship awards. Contact Student Aid Home / Costs and Aid / Types of Aid / Scholarships Scholarships at Penn State Scholarships are awarded on the basis of merit and/or financial need as defined by the specific scholarship program. All students who are offered admission and submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to Penn State are considered for scholarships that may be available through Penn State's Office of Student Aid, academic colleges, individual campuses, or other administrative units. Please recognize Penn State cannot guarantee an award to every student who may rank at or near the top of their class. While Penn State is not able to negotiate student aid packages to match grant and scholarship offers from other colleges and universities, we are more than happy to discuss other aid opportunities and what funding options might work best for your family. Penn State Scholarships Each year, Penn State enrolls many outstanding and academically talented students. Approximately one in four of our undergraduates receive a University scholarship. Scholarship Awards Awards vary and are determined by donor guidelines on the basis of merit, financial need, or a combination, as defined by the specific scholarship program. Typical scholarship awards can range from $1,500 per year to $5,000 per year, however, the average value usually does not exceed $2,500. Research Scholarships A limited number of scholarships with eligibility based upon need, merit, or a combination of the two may be available through Penn State's Office of Student Aid, academic colleges, individual campuses, or other administrative units. Undergraduate Admissions Scholarships The Office of Undergraduate Admissions offers four scholarship awards designed to help first-year and transfer students reach their goals. The Penn State Academic Award The Academic Award is offered annually to first-time, first-year students who are residents of Pennsylvania and enroll in a baccalaureate degree at Penn State University Park for the fall semester immediately following their high school graduation. Penn State Academic Award The Penn State Commonwealth Award The Penn State Commonwealth Award is offered annually to first-time, first-year students who are residents of Pennsylvania and enroll at a Penn State campus other than Penn State University Park or Penn State World Campus for the fall semester immediately following their high school graduation. Transfer students are not eligible to receive the award. Commonwealth Award The Penn State Discover Award The Discover Award is awarded to first-time, first-year domestic students who enroll at a Penn State campus other than Penn State University Park or Penn State World Campus for both the fall and spring semester immediately following their high school graduation. Transfer students who enroll in a degree program that can be completed at a Penn State campus other than Penn State University Park or Penn State World campus are also eligible. Discover Award The Penn State LiveOn Student Success Grant The LiveOn Student Success Grant is a unique student financial aid funding opportunity supported by Penn State Housing and Food Services (HFS) to assure student undergraduate academic success, persistence to undergraduate degree completion, and address potential housing and food insecurities throughout a student's four-year academic career. LiveOn Student Success Grant The Penn State Provost Academic Award The Provost Academic Award is offered annually to first-time, first-year students who are non-residents of Pennsylvania and enroll in a baccalaureate degree at Penn State University Park for the fall semester immediately following their high school graduation. Provost Academic Award Scholarship Opportunities for All Students Explore our scholarship opportunities at Penn State and beyond. Scholarships Awarded by the Office of Student Aid All students who are offered admission and submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to Penn State are considered for scholarships awarded by the Office of Student Aid. Scholarships are included in your Aid Summary on LionPATH and count toward your cost of attendance. Eligibility For most scholarships you must: Maintain Federal and Penn State Financial Aid Eligibility Requirements Enroll full-time (12 credits or more) Many require that students maintain a GPA of 3.0 or higher Both Pennsylvania and out-of-state students receive equal consideration. Award Annual amounts range from $1,500 - $3,200 Some are renewable Notifications are sent March through August - you will receive a letter or an email if you are selected Approximately one in four undergraduate students receive a scholarship How to Apply The majority of scholarships awarded by the Office of Student Aid are based on a combination of merit and demonstrated financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). If you have not filled out the FAFSA, please see . Institutional Scholarships Managed by the Office of Student Aid Deadlines and Application Information for the 2025-26 Academic Year Karli Short Better Tomorrow Scholarship The Pennsylvania State University offers a scholarship to help undergraduate students who are coping with the impact of gun violence through the Karli Short Better Tomorrow Foundation . The Foundation was established in 2022 by Penn State alumnus, Board of Trustees member, and McKeesport native Brandon Short, his wife, Mahreen Short and family in memory of their daughter Karli Short, whose life was taken by gun violence. The Karli Short Better Tomorrow Scholarship is a $5,000 need-based scholarship awarded to students attending Penn State University Park campus with demonstrated financial need, and who have been impacted by gun violence. The scholarship will be awarded for one academic year and may be renewed for subsequent years providing the recipient continues to meet the eligibility criteria and funds are available. For this scholarship, "experienced gun violence" examples include, but are not limited to: a student being a victim of gun violence; a student's family members, friends, or classmates being a victim of gun violence; a student witnessing an act of gun violence or experiencing an accidental gun discharge; or a student being affected by suicide with a gun. Eligibility Requirements Have experienced gun violence Have completed the 2025-26 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and demonstrate a financial need Enrolled as an Undergraduate Student at Penn State University Park Application and Contact Information To be considered, students must submit a letter that includes the following: Student's Name Student's Penn State ID Number A brief, two to three paragraph statement summarizing how gun violence has impacted your life and why you should be selected to receive the Karli Short Better Tomorrow Scholarship Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 8, 2026. The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced by May 18, 2026. All applicants will be notified. Deadlines and Application Information for the 2026-27 Academic Year Steve A. Garban Grant-in-aid For Children of Penn State Technical Service or Staff Employees This grant-in-aid, awarded to one new first-year student, is intended to assist with room and board charges for two years, provided the student continues full-time enrollment at Penn State or Penn College, incurs on-campus room and board charges, and demonstrates academic success. Eligibility Requirements Must be a child of a full-time Penn State or Penn College technical service or staff employee Must be a first-year, full-time student at any Penn State campus or at the Pennsylvania College of Technology Must have demonstrated leadership and humanitarian qualities through extracurricular activities during high school Must have achieved or show promise of achieving academic success Must be living at a Penn State location that offers on campus housing - campus location with housing are as follows: Penn State Abington, Penn State Altoona, Penn State Beaver, Penn State Berks, Penn State Brandywine, Penn State Erie, Penn State Greater Allegheny, Penn State Harrisburg, Penn State Hazelton, Penn College, Penn State Schuylkill, and Penn State University Park Award amount varies based on on-campus room and board charges with two awards given annually. Application and Contact Information To be considered, students must submit a letter that includes all of the following: Student's Name Student's Penn State ID Number or Penn College ID Number Parent's Penn State ID Number or Penn College ID Number Penn State or Penn College staff employee's name and position A personal essay of no more than two typewritten pages that gives examples of the student's leadership, humanitarian, and academic merits Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Student letters will be accepted until April 10, 2026 . The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in May. All applicants will be notified. Henrietta M. Fisher Memorial Honor Scholarship Fund Eligibility Requirements Must be a first-year, Penn State University Park baccalaureate degree student Must file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Must be a Dauphin County resident (Steelton-Highspire High School graduates preferred) May be pursuing any college major (Engineering, Earth & Mineral Science, Science, and Liberal Arts majors preferred) Must demonstrate leadership and patriotism (ROTC students preferred) Scholarships are awarded for one year unless enrolled in a Penn State ROTC program. Application and Contact Information To be considered, please submit a letter that includes all of the following: Student Name Student Penn State ID Number A personal essay of no more than two typewritten pages that illustrates leadership skills, patriotism, career aspirations, and academic merit. Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 1, 2026 . The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in May. All applicants will be notified. Laurel Haven Endowment Scholarship Eligibility Requirements Must be enrolled in the Department of Ecosystem Science and Management in the College of Agricultural Sciences (first recipient preference) or enrolled in the College of Education with a major in elementary or secondary education and an interest in environmental education or enrolled in the College of Agricultural Sciences with an option in Environmental Sciences (second recipient preference) Must be full-time undergraduate or graduate student for Fall/Spring 2026-27 Must be engaged in or previously engaged in, or still interested in, conservation education Award amount varies with one award given annually. Application and Contact Information Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 1, 2026 . The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in May. All applicants will be notified. Employees of Consolidated Freightways Scholarship Eligibility Requirements Must be a child or grandchild of a former Consolidated Freightways employee Must be enrolled at Penn State Harrisburg or Penn State York Must be an outstanding undergraduate Must demonstrate financial need, as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Award amounts vary with two awards given annually. Application and Contact Information To be considered, send verification of student's relationship to the former Consolidated Freightways employee, with a letter of application that identifies the Penn State student by name, Penn State ID, and campus of enrollment. The former employee's pension plan administrators should be able to provide verification of employment. If pension plan verification is not available, an applicant must submit a notarized statement explaining the student's relationship to the former Consolidated Freightways employee. Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 1, 2026 . The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in May. All applicants will be notified. Andrew James Bartels Memorial Scholarship The Andrew James Bartels Memorial Scholarship was established by William M. Bartels to honor and recognize outstanding achievements by undergraduate students who have achieved Star, Life or Eagle rank in the Boy Scouts of America. Eligibility Requirements Must be a full-time undergraduate student who is enrolled or planning to enroll at any Penn State campus Must have achieved or demonstrated academic merit Must have achieved Star, Life or Eagle rank in the Boy Scouts of America Award amounts vary with two awards given annually. Application and Contact Information To be considered, please submit the following: Student's Name Student's Penn State ID Number A one-page essay that describes student's Star, Life or Eagle rank achievement and reasons why student should be selected for the Andrew James Bartels Memorial Scholarship Letter of recommendation and verification of Star, Life or Eagle rank achievement from student's Scout Master or Boy Scouts of America official Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 1, 2026 . The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in May. All applicants will be notified. Richard J. and Dolores Bush Scuderi Scholarship Eligibility Requirements Must be an undergraduate or graduate student enrolling at any Penn State campus Must demonstrate superior academic success Must demonstrate financial need, as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Must be in good standing as determined by the Office of Judicial Affairs Preference for first generation students (i.e., first one in the family to attend college) Application and Contact Information To be considered, please submit the following: Student's Name Student's Penn State ID Number or Penn College ID Number A personal essay of no more than two typewritten pages that provides examples of the student's academic success and demonstrated knowledge of Italian history, culture or language; and/or who have completed coursework in Italian studies; and/or who have made a commitment to enhance Italian culture Award amount varies with one award given annually. Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 1, 2026. The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in May. All applicants will be notified. Dolores Bush Scuderi and Richard J. Scuderi Scholarship Eligibility Requirements Must be an undergraduate or graduate student enrolling at any Penn State campus Must demonstrate superior academic success Must demonstrate financial need, as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Must be in good standing as determined by the Office of Judicial Affairs Preference for first generation students (i.e., first one in the family to attend college) Award amount varies with one award given annually. Application and Contact Information To be considered, students must submit a letter that includes the following: Student's Name Student's Penn State ID Number or Penn College ID Number A personal essay of no more than two typewritten pages that provides examples of the student's academic success and demonstrated knowledge of Polish history, culture or language; and/or who have completed coursework in Polish studies; and/or who have made a commitment to enhance Polish culture. Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 1, 2026. The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in May. All applicants will be notified. The David Schwebel Endowed Memorial Scholarship Eligibility Requirements Must be a child of an active, full-time employee of the Schwebel Baking Company or its subsidiaries and divisions who has been employed for at least two years Must be an undergraduate enrolled or planning to enroll at Penn State Must have achieved or demonstrated academic merit Must demonstrate financial need, as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) First preference is given to eligible first-year students Award amounts vary with one or two awards given annually. Application and Contact Information Applications are available by contacting: Human Resources Schwebel Baking Company P.O. Box 6013 Youngstown, OH 44501-6018 Application Deadline Applications should be returned to Kym McGivern at the Schwebel Baking Company before or by May 1, 2026. All applicants will be notified. Smithfield Foods, Inc. Scholarship Eligibility Requirements Must be an undergraduate student (enrolled full-time) Must be dependent child or grandchild of a current or retired employee of Smithfield or its subsidiaries Must demonstrate financial need, as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Award amounts vary with a maximum award of $7,500 per academic year. Application and Contact Information Submit your application via email to: Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee University Scholarships Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until May 15, 2026. The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced after all eligibility requirements have been verified. Frank A. Sinon Scholarship at Penn State Eligibility Requirements Must be an undergraduate student enrolling at Penn State, University Park who has graduated from Austin Area High School in Austin, PA Must demonstrate academic success Must demonstrate financial need, as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Must maintain a 3.0 cumulative GPA Award amount varies with one award given annually and up to 8 semesters. Application and Contact Information To be considered, eligible students should e-mail Angel Musser, Coordinator, University Scholarships, through the . Application Deadline Application material will be accepted until August 7, 2026. The award recipient will be selected by the Office of Student Aid Scholarship Committee and announced in September. All applicants will be notified. Academic College Scholarships Award values range from $700 to $4,000 per academic year. Awarding for both first-year and continuing students usually begins as early as December and continues throughout the year. Scholarship funds for first-year students are limited for some academic colleges. Application information by College Scholarship link will be emailed to specific groups of students only. Campus Scholarships All Penn State campuses award scholarships to eligible first-year students based on academic performance, financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), leadership, and community service. Scholarship award values range from $800 to $6,000 per academic year. Campus scholarship awarding for both first-year and current students begins as early as December and continues through July. Search for scholarships at our Special Mission locations: Outside Scholarships You may be eligible for outside scholarships from businesses or organizations in your local community with which you have affiliations. Community Resources Your local chamber of commerce Your high school Your parents' employers (dependent students only) Your employer Private foundations Religious organizations Professional associations In most cases the awarding agency is responsible for selecting the recipient and determining the value of the scholarship. Follow Us Follow us on Instagram where we post new scholarship opportunities several times a week. Searching for Scholarships Start early. Don't pay! Start early . Most scholarships are awarded six months to one year prior to the start of the semester or academic year of the award. Some awards are available even as early as elementary school. Don't pay . Penn State does not endorse any scholarship search engine or scholarship search service that charges a fee. You should never have to pay for a scholarship search. You should not apply for a scholarship that charges an application fee. The Office of Student Aid recommends the following FREE scholarship search engines: FastWeb The College Board U.S. Department of Labor Unigo Notify Penn State of Your Award If you receive scholarships or educational funds from private organizations, notify the Office of the Bursar . The funds will be credited to your student account and applied toward your direct charges first. Any excess funds will be refunded to you Scholarship Support to Complete your Penn State Degree Penn State offers two scholarship awards designed to help currently enrolled students on their way to completing a Penn State degree program. Complete Penn State The Complete Penn State Program advocates for students who are working to overcome barriers, connects students to key resources, and provides a little extra support in completion of a Penn State degree . Complete Penn State Program RaiseMe Scholarship Penn State scholarships are available through RaiseMe to students enrolled at specific Pennsylvania high schools serving low-income areas or those Pennsylvania high school students enrolled in the National School Lunch Program, regardless of high school. RaiseMe Scholarship Summer Success Scholarship The Summer Success Scholarship helps undergraduate students who have fallen behind in their degree program and would benefit from taking a summer course to get caught up but have financial challenges to doing so. Summer Success Scholarship Administrative Unit Scholarships Explore scholarships by interest. Achieve Penn State Education Abroad Educational Equity Intercollegiate Athletics Penn State Adult Learners ROTC Student Affairs Student Disability Resources University Libraries World Campus Frequently Asked Questions about Scholarships Want to know more about scholarships and how they are processed at Penn State? Review our scholarship FAQs. I have an outside scholarship form that requires costs and financial aid information. What should I do with the form? Outside Scholarship Form Policy When you apply for scholarships through an outside agency, they often require you to provide information about your costs, aid offer, and FAFSA. You can print this information directly from LionPATH. Student Self-Service You can find the links to view your Financial Aid Budget and Financial Aid Offer Letter in your LionPATH Student Home Base under the Financial Aid Offer. You will need to print the information and submit it to the scholarship agency. Certification of Forms by our office In the event that the scholarship agency is unwilling to accept the information that you have printed from LionPATH, requests to complete scholarship forms can be reviewed on a case by case basis with the understanding that the form can only be provided to the student for submission to the respective agency. Similar consideration may be given to students who need to submit their scholarship forms before the information is available in LionPATH. Scholarship Thank You Letter Tips Scholarships are made possible through generous donations. A well-written "thank you" letter is an important way to acknowledge the funding you have received and gives the donor the opportunity to learn about you. The following tips and sample letter may be helpful for writing your own letter. Tips for writing your "thank you" letter: Begin your letter with Dr., Ms., Mr., or Mrs. as appropriate. Do not address the individual by their first name. Only use "Dear Donor" or "Dear Benefactor" in cases where the award letter instructs you to do so, such as when writing to an anonymous donor. Acknowledge the scholarship you have received by referencing the full name of the scholarship in your first sentence. Include your mailing address and email address if you would like to give the donor the opportunity to respond. Do not include your Penn State Student ID number. Make it personal. Donors believe that both they and you are making a difference in the world. They are interested in hearing about you. Avoid confrontational topics such as political, religious, spiritual, or cultural viewpoints. Do not assume that the donor's viewpoints/preferences are the same as yours. Proofread! We ask that you write a new "thank you" letter for each year that you continue to receive a scholarship. If you receive funding from the same donor in previous years, update them on your academic plans, your extracurricular activities, and your career goals. Let them know what you have accomplished this year and how their funding helped make that possible. How Can I Find Scholarships? Apply for as many scholarship opportunities as possible. They are often available through private companies, nonprofit organizations, local businesses, community organizations, churches, or social organizations. Try these free sources of information about scholarships: A high school or TRIO counselor the U.S. Department of Labor's FREE scholarship search tool Your state grant agency Your library's reference section foundations, religious or community organizations, local businesses, or civic groups organizations (including professional associations) related to your field of interest ethnicity-based organizations your employer or your parents' employers Fastweb Unigo . More information on scholarships from Office of Financial Aid Don't ever pay for a scholarship search! Have a question about billing, payment options, refunds, or outside scholarships payable to Penn State? Review the information provided by the Office of the Bursar: Tuition Due Dates Paying your Statement Payment Options Refunds Outside Scholarships/External Awards Contact the Office of the Bursar with questions. The Pennsylvania State University 201 Old Main University Park, PA 16802 Phone: 1-814-865-4700 Explore News Careers Colleges Campuses Penn State Health Contact Us Student Support Registrar Bursar Student Affairs Housing and Food Services Quick Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Corporate Partners Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police The Pennsylvania State University Privacy Statements Non Discrimination Accessibility Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2026