Skip to main content Application portal Search Search Social Menu Contact Us en de Study Study Undergraduate Undergraduate Explore Undergraduate Programs Major/Minor School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences Global Economics and Management Integrated Social and Cognitive Psychology International Business Administration International Relations: Politics and History Industrial Engineering and Management Management, Decisions and Data Analytics School of Computer Science & Engineering Artificial Intelligence Applied Computer Science Computer Science Computer Science - Cybersecurity Specialization Computer and Information Technology Electrical and Computer Engineering Robotics and Intelligent Systems Software, Data and Technology School of Science Biochemistry and Cell Biology Chemistry and Biotechnology Earth Sciences and Sustainable Management of Environmental Resources Mathematics, Modeling and Data Analytics Medicinal Chemistry and Chemical Biology Physics and Data Science Master's Master's Explore Master's Programs School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences School of Business, Social & Decision Sciences Data Science for Society and Business Supply Chain Management School of Computer Science & Engineering School of Computer Science & Engineering Advanced Software Technology Computer Science and Software Engineering Data Engineering School of Science School of Science Advanced Materials Quantitative Life Science MBA Programs MBA Programs Overview MBA Program One-Year MBA Program PhD Pre-Degree Programs Pre-Degree Programs English Foundation Year Gateway Year International Foundation Year Pre-Bachelor Semester German Language Program Executive Education Executive Education Explore Executive Education Programs For School Students For School Students Constructor Talent School Constructor Talent School Explore Talent School Constructor Talent School Projects Constructor Talent School Projects Summer Camp 2027 Algorithm and Code Training School (ACTS) Online Courses Constructor Open Cup Constructor Challenge Opportunities for School Students from Germany Opportunities for School Students from Germany Online Courses for MINT Students Admission Admission Application Information Application Information For Undergraduates For Graduates Financing Information Financing Information For Undergraduates For Graduates Making Deposit, Tuition, and Fee Payments Assistance and Contact Assistance and Contact For Undergraduates For Graduates Student Ambassador Program High School Counsellor Partnerships Scholarships Scholarships Overview Scholarship Checker Scholarship for Ukrainian Talents Fully-Funded Scholarship for the BSc Software, Data and Technology Scholarship for the MSc Advanced Software Technology Sparkasse Mathematics Scholarship 25-Year Anniversary Alumni-Faculty Scholarship External Financing Options Community Community Campus Life Campus Life Explore Campus Life Arrival Information University Campus Dining Services Living in Bremen Germany Accommodation Academic Calendar Campus Student Jobs Career Services Career Services Explore Career Services Career Opportunities Career Services for Companies Career Fair Constructor Alumni Constructor Alumni Explore Alumni Become an Active Member Discover Alumni Support for Students Alumni Gallery Alumni Events Alumni Future Skills Academy Constructor Alumni Awards Constructor Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Constructor Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Explore Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center Constructor Start Constructor Start Demo Day International International Incoming Students Outgoing Students Partnerships International Outreach Team Giving Student Affairs Student Affairs Student Services Student Services Overview Student Services and Welcome Center Registrar Services Academic Advising Services Counseling and Intercultural Services Student Financial Services Student Life and Support Student Life and Support Overview Student Health Program Student Engagement Student Welfare Support Student Governance Student Governance Undergraduate Student Government Graduate Student Association Community Impact Project (CIP) Research Research Research Research Overview Research Groups Research Facilities and Labs Academic Events Schools Schools School of Science School of Computer Science and Engineering School of Business, Social and Decision Sciences Academic Leadership Faculty Directory Industrial partnerships and transfer Industrial partnerships and transfer Constructor People Research Transfer Constructor Labs News News News Events Blog Faces Press About About Explore Constructor University Explore Constructor University Overview Constructor Story Accreditation History Governance Strategic Advisory Board Strategy and Policies Brand Kit Jobs Contact Contact Campus Map and Directions Contact and Support Quick links Campus All Programs Donate Language switcher en de Application portal Image Scholarships at Constructor University Scholarships at Constructor University Scholarships at Constructor University Unlock your potential today and achieve your academic goals with our support Constructor University is committed to supporting high achieving students. These scholarships alleviate financial burdens, allowing students to focus on their studies and plan for a bright future. Achieve your academic goals with our support! Please note: The scholarships will only be available if you are eligible and have an active admission offer to Constructor University. If you do not receive a scholarship offer, you are still encouraged to join the program on regular terms , which may include an academic achievement scholarship and tuition deferral financing option. Try our Scholarship Checker that helps you quickly understand which scholarships you may be eligible for, before you even start your application. Scholarship Checker Academic Achievement Scholarship Partial tuition coverage - up to €7,000 per academic year All students are considered for an academic achievement scholarship based on their school grade point average (GPA). No separate application is required. Students are informed about their scholarship amount immediately following admission. Talent Scholarship Exceptional applicants may be awarded the Talent Scholarship of €10,000 per academic year, which replaces the Academic Achievement Scholarship. Open to all students submitting their applications to Constructor University by February 1, 2026. Additional scholarships are reserved for students from German high schools, with a deadline of July 1, 2026. Students are considered based on both GPA and participation in extracurricular activities (e.g., olympiads, competitions, conferences, summer camps, workshops, courses). No separate application is required. SAT results are required to be considered for the scholarship. Please submit them with your application. Selected students are informed about their nomination via email and will be invited to pass an interview with the Talent Recruitment Team of Constructor University. Final selection is determined by the Talent Recruitment Team and university faculty based on the application and interview. Talent Scholarship is designed to reward academic excellence and support students in their academic journey. Remember to upload and mention certificates for any relevant extracurricular activities to strengthen your application! Stiftung Metall Unterweser (SMU) Scholarship Partial tuition coverage - up to €9,166 per academic year Open to all students submitting their applications to Constructor University by February 1, 2026. Students are considered based on both GPA and participation in extracurricular activities (e.g., competitions, conferences, summer camps, workshops, courses). No separate application is required. Selected students are informed about their nomination via email and will be invited to pass an interview with the Talent Recruitment Team of Constructor University. Final selection is determined by the Talent Recruitment Team and university faculty based on the application and interview. Remember to upload and mention certificates for any relevant extracurricular activities to strengthen your application! The Stiftung Metall Unterweser Foundation supports Constructor University since the foundation of the university with focus on the support of high performing young talents. MINT Scholarship for Students from Germany Partial tuition coverage in addition to the Academic Achievement Scholarship - up to €8,330 per academic year. For students from high schools in Germany starting studies in the Fall 2026 semester. The application deadline is July 1, 2026. Students are considered based on both GPA and participation in extracurricular activities (e.g., MINT certificates, competitions, conferences, summer camps, workshops, courses). No separate application is required. Selected students are informed about their nomination via email and will be invited to pass an interview with the Talent Recruitment Team of Constructor University. Final selection is determined by the Talent Recruitment Team and university faculty based on the application and interview. Funded by the Conrad Naber Foundation. Remember to upload and mention certificates for any relevant extracurricular activities to strengthen your application! Please note: the scholarship fund is limited. The earlier the application, the greater the chance of receiving a scholarship. Once the scholarship fund has been distributed, no further scholarships can be awarded. What is behind the name Conrad Naber The mechanical engineer Conrad Naber (1922-2018) founded the industrial furnace construction company Nabertherm in 1947 and developed it into one of the world's leading suppliers of furnaces and systems for sophisticated heat treatments. He was also the owner of the shipping company NTH. Conrad Naber was the initiator of the Foundation House in Bremen and supported the establishment of the International University Bremen (renamed to Jacobs University Bremen in 2007 and to Constructor University Bremen in 2022) from the very beginning. The connection to the university continues after his death in 2018. The Conrad Naber Foundation is involved in the promotion of science through scholarships awarded to particularly talented applicants. Conrad Nabers son, Martin Naber, is Chairman of the board and the driving force behind the support of young talents at Constructor University. Alumni Scholarships The Beyond the Pond Alumni Association and the Constructor University Foundation of America proudly support the mission of the university by offering scholarships to qualified students. The scholarships are made possible through generous contributions of alumni, friends, and family. The following scholarships are currently available: Alumni Association The AA awards annual scholarships of €3000 per academic year to two first-year students. Eligible students are shortlisted based on academic criteria and invited to submit a personal statement and video as part of the application process. CUFA CUFA currently sponsors two €5500 scholarships for second-year students: The Ronny Wells Scholarship is awarded to a current student who excels in innovation, entrepreneurship, or community involvement. The Claus Halle Scholarship is available to U.S. citizens who demonstrate strong teamwork and collaboration skills. Scholarship details Deadline for scholarship consideration will be announced shortly. Students are considered based on both GPA and participation in extracurricular activities (e.g., competitions, conferences, summer camps, workshops, courses). No separate scholarship application is required. ALX scholarships The ALX Scholarship Program for Bachelor's students for Fall 2025, Fall 2026, and Fall 2027 is open to learners from across Africa. Scholarship selection for Fall 2026 is closed. Eligibility criteria: Have completed the ALX Pathway Foundations and/or attended the African Leadership Academy, and hold an ALX Certificate of Completion or another ALX-approved certificate of completion ("ALX Learners"). Have successfully passed the admission process at Constructor University and been shortlisted or selected for the ALX Scholarship Program by Constructor University and/or ALX. Required documents: Please upload your African Leadership Academy high school transcripts from the last two years. Scholarship coverage: The scholarship covers full tuition as well as room and board. Room Type C (shared room with two beds and a shared bathroom) is fully covered. Room Type B (single room with a shared bathroom) is available only for the first year of studies. Any additional costs for this room type must be covered by the scholarship recipient. Constructor University will notify ALX students if they have been selected for the ALX scholarship and will issue an offer letter that includes the integrated scholarship. Scholarship for Ukrainian talents Learn more Scholarship for bachelor's program in Mathematics, Modeling and Data Analytics Learn more Scholarship for bachelor's program in Software, Data and Technology Learn more Scholarship for master's program in Advanced Software Technology Learn more 25-Year Anniversary Alumni-Faculty Scholarship Constructor University has launched the 25-Year Anniversary Alumni-Faculty Scholarship, an initiative that provides 50% tuition reduction to Constructor University graduates who pursue a master's degree at the university. Designed exclusively for alumni, this scholarship recognizes the dedication and achievements of our students throughout their academic journey and supports them as they advance their studies, careers, and contributions to science and society. Learn more Contact us If you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact us at talent@constructor.university . At Constructor University, we believe in the power of education to transform lives. Apply now and let us be your partner on the path to success. Together, we can create a brighter future. Are you ready to take the next step forward towards your successful future? Contact us About CUN Image Constructor University Bremen gGmbH Campus Ring 1 28759 Bremen, Germany +49 421 200 40 info@constructor.university study@constructor.university 中文官网 - Official Chinese Site Service Imprint Privacy Policy Social Media Privacy Policy Photo consent Compliance Students Academic calendar Registrar services Student services University policies Quick links Contacts IRC/Library CampusNet Teamwork Open positions Faculty Directory Social media Youtube Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn TikTok @ 2026 Constructor University Bremen gGmbH Imprint Privacy Policy Cookies To top