- 1 Published on July 31, 2026 2028 Enrollment Application Guidelines Self-Supported International Students Applying to the Modern Japanese Studies Program Hokkaido University Admission Policy Hokkaido Universit y is one of the leading research -intensive universities in Japan with departments ranging from the sciences to the humanities . It was established in 1876 as the Sapporo Agricultural College. It is one of Japan's prestigious seven "former Imperial Universities" and today is a leading national university. During its long history, Hokkaido University has cultivated academic autonomy and freedom based on four basic philosophies relating to education and research: Frontier Spirit, Global Perspectives, All-round Education, and Practical Learning. Guided by these philosophies, the university's mission is to be a place where knowledge is created, disseminated, and applied in the new century, thereby contributing to the development of human welfare, science, culture, and society through education and research. The university strives to offer undergraduate education that teaches students to participate in society as global citizens, to acquire the academic and communication skills that will give them a solid foundation in their professional lives, and to study their fields of expertise from a broad academic perspective. The university aims to make its graduates capable of exercising sound judgment and leadership as exemplary citizens possessing high-quality and internationally recognized academic credentials. In addition, the university nurtures students so that they may take leading roles as professionals in their fields and actively promote academic creativity. Hokkaido University has built upon this tradition and its history since it was founded and recruits talented students from throughout Japan and the rest of the world. We use an advanced selection system to seek out students who have the academic ability needed to pursue an undergraduate education, such as basic knowledge, basic skills, mathematical ability , linguistic ability , depth of understanding, and comprehension skills. We strive to recruit students who have the qualities needed to pursue studies at the university level and beyond, such as problem-solving skills, creativity, a sense of ethics, flexible thinking, communication ability, the ability to think theoretically, leadership skills, integrity, and the desire to learn. Modern Japanese Studies Program Admission Policy Students We Are Seeking: (1) Knowledge and Comprehension In the Modern Japanese Studies Program, students not only study the language, society, and culture of Japan from diverse perspectives but also gain expert knowledge in humanities and social sciences. We seek to identify high proficiency students with gener al knowledge of literature, history, thought, culture, society, and institutions of any country or region who are capable of understanding the perspectives and ways of thinking that constitute that knowledge. (2) Thinking Skills, Analytical Skills, and Creativity Demonstrate skills gained from experiences in logical thinking and analysis from diverse perspectives. Shows willingness to objectively look at different cultures or societies with an open mind and respond to new ideas and experiences with creativity. (3) Initiative for collaborative learning in a diverse environment After completing the program, students are expected to play an active role as a bridge between Japan and the rest of the world. Therefore, communication skills, a strong interest in the Japanese language and the society of modern Japan, and a desire for ac tive involvement in study and research with a clear objective are key traits we seek. Being able to cooperate with others with diverse backgrounds and learn collaboratively in a multicultural and multilingual environment with openness and impartiality without biases and discriminatory intent is also expected. (4) English Language Proficiency Demonstrate a high command of English to successfully participate in classes taught in English. Being capable of thinking logically and expressing ideas both in oral and written forms. Expected Proficiency and Skill Level before Enrollment • Have broad knowledge in all subjects and basic academic skills necessary for study and research at Hokkaido University. Study or research with a focus on the Japanese language and the society of modern Japan is also recommended. • Demonstrate communication and presentation skills to collaborate and learn with diverse individuals. Selection Policy Students will be selected based on a comprehensive evaluation of screening of Application Documents and Interviews. Knowledge and comprehension are largely reviewed based on Application Documents including grades in secondary education or other proof of proficiency. All applicants' English language proficiency levels will be assessed by Application Documents and interviews including for those whose English is their native language. Thinking and analytical skills, initiative, willingness to collaborate with others with diverse backgrounds are reviewed holistically based on Application Documents and interviews. Table of Contents 1. Purpose and Objective ................................................................................................................ 1 2. Applicants We Are Seeking ........................................................................................................ 1 3. Student Intake ............................................................................................................................. 1 4. Application Schedule .................................................................................................................. 2 5. Application Qualifications and Requirements ............................................................................ 3 6. Application Procedures ............................................................................................................... 5 7. Preliminary Consultations Regarding Exam-Related Issues .................................................... 20 8. Selection Methods ..................................................................................................................... 21 9. Dates and Times of Interviews .................................................................................................. 21 10. Notification of Successful Applicants ....................................................................................... 22 11. Enrollment Procedures .............................................................................................................. 22 12. Enrollment Fee and Tuition Fees .............................................................................................. 23 13. Scholarship Programs ............................................................................................................... 23 14. Privacy Policy ........................................................................................................................... 24 15. Other.......................................................................................................................................... 25 *All dates and times in the Application Guidelines are listed in Japan Standard Time (JST). If any unforeseen event (such as disaster or disease outbreak) occurs, we may select applicants based on the admission qualifications or criteria, which are different from those described in the Application Guidelines. If we change the admission qualifications or criteria, we will announce the details on our website. Hokkaido University's website > Modern Japanese Studies Program website https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/mjsp/ Hokkaido University will accept applications of Self-Supported International Students (applying to the Modern Japanese Studies Program) online. Visit the Online Registration Site (https://e-apply.jp/ds/hokudai-gakubu2-eng/) to apply. To complete an application, you will need: (1) a scanner (for scanning application documents); and (2) an email address (for receiving a confirmation email sent after the payment of the application fee and other notices from us). See pages 5-20 for details about application procedures. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 1 1．Purpose and Objective The Modern Japanese Studies Program is intended to foster the development of well-educated future global leaders. The degree program provides intensive Japanese language education and courses in the social sciences and humanities to help deepen students' understanding of modern Japan's society and culture. It is hoped that graduates will play active roles as intermediaries between Japan and their own cultures both within Japanese society and in the international community. Hokkaido University invites applications from students worldwide who have a high command of English, an interest in the society and culture of contemporary Japan, and very high levels of academic achievement. 2．Applicants We Are Seeking The program is intended for students who:  want to study the language, society, and culture of Japan from diverse perspectives, and possess basic knowledge and understanding of the literature, history, thought, culture, society, and institutions of any country or region in order to study humanities and social sciences.  have the willingness to think logically, analyse from diverse perspectives, and approach different cultures or societies with an open mind, and respond creatively to new ideas and experiences.  have a strong interest in the Japanese language and the society of modern Japan, and a desire for active involvement in study and research with clear objectives; and are able to cooperate with others from diverse backgrounds and learn collaboratively in a multicultural and multilingual environment with openness and impartiality.  demonstrate a high command of English to be able to successfully participate in classes taught in English; and who are capable of thinking logically and expressing ideas both in oral and written forms. 3．Student Intake Program Application Period Student Intake Modern Japanese Studies Program First Call of Applications Approx. 12 Second Call of Applications Approx. 8 Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 2 4．Application Schedule First Call of Applications: Application Schedule Date and Time/Period (JST) Online Registration Period October 27, 2026 (Tue.) at 10:00 a.m. - November 4, 2026 (Wed.) at 5:00 p.m. Deadline for Arrival of Letter of Recommendation (Form 5) 5:00 p.m. on November 20, 2026 (Fri.) Notification of Application Number and Interview Date In late December 2026 (expected) Interview (online) Date and time designated by Hokkaido University between January 5, 2027 (Tue.) and January 14, 2027 (Thu.) Notification of Successful Applicants February 12, 2027 (Fri.) at 3:00 p.m. (expected) Deadline for Confirmation of Intention to Enroll /Deadline for Shipment of Original Application Documents In late February 2027 (expected) Enrollment in Intensive Japanese Course October 2027 Enrollment in Modern Japanese Studies Program April 2028 Second Call of Applications: Application Schedule Date and Time/Period (JST) Online Registration Period February 2, 2027 (Tue.) at 10 :00 a.m. - February 9, 2027 (Tue.) at 5:00 p.m. Deadline for Arrival of Letter of Recommendation (Form 5) 5:00 p.m. on February 24, 2027 (Wed.) Notification of Application Number and Interview Date In late March 2027 (expected) Interview (online) Date and time designated by Hokkaido University between April 6, 2027 (Tue.) and April 15, 2027 (Thu.) Notification of Successful Applicants May 1 3, 2027 (Thu.) at 3 :00 p.m. (expected) Deadline for Confirmation of Intention to Enroll /Deadline for Shipment of Original Application Documents In late May 2027 (expected) Enrollment in Intensive Japanese Course October 2027 Enrollment in Modern Japanese Studies Program April 2028 *The Modern Japanese Studies Program is a four-year Bachelor's degree program preceded by a sixmonth Intensive Japanese Course. *The six-month Intensive Japanese Course is a beginners' level course in the Japanese language to provide students with the Japanese language ability required to enter the Bachelor's degree program. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 3 *Students who have Japanese language ability equivalent to N2 level of Japanese Language Proficiency Test or higher can apply for exemption from taking the Intensive Japanese Course. *Students exempted from taking the Intensive Japanese Course on the basis of the results of the entrance exam may enter the Bachelor's degree program directly. *Japanese language placement tests may be conducted after receiving an admission offer to divide the Intensive Japanese Course participants into separate classes. 5．Application Qualifications and Requirements Individuals who have citizenship other than Japanes e are eligible to apply. Individuals who have Japanese permanent resident status are not eligible to apply. Additionally, applications can only be accepted once in the same enrollment year, either in the First or Second Call of Applications. Note: Individuals who have both citizenship of any country other than Japan and Japanese citizenship must pass a preliminary qualification s creening before applying. Please contact the Office of Admissions during the periods below and follow the instructions. First Call of Applications: October 1, 2026 (Thu.) - October 8, 2026 (Thu.) Second Call of Applications: January 6, 2027 (Wed.) - January 13, 2027 (Wed.) (1) Application Qualifications: Applicants must meet one of the following qualifications at the time of application: 1. Individuals who have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years of school education in a country other than Japan by September 30, 2027 (see Note 1 on page 4). 2. Individuals who are equivalent to those who meet qualification 1 above and have been designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (see N ote 2 on page 4). 3. Individuals who hold, or are expected to hold, an I nternational Baccalaureate Diploma in a country other than Japan by September 30, 2027, awarded by the International Baccalaureate, a foundation pursuant to the Swiss Civil Code. 4. Individuals who hold an Abitur, a degree recognized as a qualification for university admission throughout Germany. 5. Individuals who hold a baccalauréat, a degree recognized as a qualification for university admission in France. 6. Individuals who hold General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced Level (A Levels) recognized as a qualification for university admission in the UK. 7. Individuals who hold International General Certificate of Education (IGCE) Advanced Level (International A Levels) recognized as a qualification for university admission in the UK. 8. Individuals who hold a European Baccalaureate recognized as a qualification for university admission in the European Union. 9. Individuals who have completed, or are expected to complete, 12 years of school education at an Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 4 educational institution that has accreditation from the Western Association of Schools & Colleges (WASC), the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI), the Council of International Schools (CIS), the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC), Cognia, or Council of British International Schools (COBIS) by September 30, 2027. Note 1: The "12 years of school education" must be 12 years of formal school education in the education system of the country or region where an educational institution is located. Also, it includes coursework completed pursuant to Japan's School Education Act. Note 2: "Individuals who are equivalent to those who meet qualification 1 above and have been designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology" include the following: a. Individuals who have passed a national exam in a country other than Japan to determine whether they have the same level of academic ability as an individual who has completed 12 years of school education in that country (including an exam equivalent to the national exam), and will be at least 18 years of age by September 30, 2027. b. Individuals who, after completing a level of school education in a country other than Japan equivalent to a Japanese high school education (including those who have passed an exam in that country to determine whether they have academic ability equivalent t o those of a high school graduate), have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university at one of the educational facilities designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. c. Individuals who have completed, r are expected to complete, a foreign education equivalent to a Japanese high school education (and deemed to be equivalent to 12 years of school education completed in that country) at an institution located in Japan and recognized under the educational system of that country by September 30, 2027. d. Individuals who, after completing a foreign education equivalent to a Japanese high school education (excluding cases deemed to be equivalent to 12 years of school education completed in that country) at an institution located in Japan and recognized under the educational system of that country, have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university at one of the educational facilities stated in b above. e. Individuals who have completed, or are expected to complete , a level of school education in a country other than Japan equivalent to a Japanese high school education (and deemed to be equivalent to 11 years or more of school education completed in that country and which fulfill the requirements designated by the Ja panese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology) at one of the educational facilities designated by the Japanese Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology by September 30, 2027. (2) Requirements: Applicants must meet all of the following requirements: Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 5 1. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualifications 1, 2 (Note 2-e) or 9 above must have been enrolled, or be expected to be enrolled, at schools for at least two consecutive years, including their final school year. 2. Individuals must fulfill either following a or b (English Proficiency Requirements) a. Individuals who have received , or are expected to receive, four years or more of their secondary education (at junior or senior high school, etc.) , or higher education (at university or college) in English as their primary language of instruction by September 30, 2027. Note: Having learned English as a foreign language subject for four years or more does not satisfy the above requirement. b. Individuals who have achieved the following scores in TOEFL-iBT (including Home Edition) or IELTS if they do not fulfill 2a.:  TOEFL-iBT (including Home Edition) : Band Score 4.5 or higher, or 0 -120 score 79 or higher (Only Test Date Scores will be accepted ('My Best Scores' will NOT be accepted).)  IELTS (Academic Module): 6.5 or higher Note: Test results must be from within two years of the Online Registration deadline. (3) Other Information If national or other standardized examinations for university admission or for completion of secondary education in their own country exists, it is desirable for applicants to have taken them. 6．Application Procedures (1) Application Period First Call of Applications: 1. Online Registration Period: October 27, 2026 (Tue.) at 10:00 a.m. - November 4, 2026 (Wed.) at 5:00 p.m. (JST) 2. Deadline for A rrival of Letter of Recommendation (Form 5): 5:00 p.m. on November 20, 2026 (Fri.) (JST) Second Call of Applications: 1. Online Registration Period: February 2, 2027 (Tue.) at 10:00 a.m. - February 9, 2027 (Tue.) at 5:00 p.m. (JST) 2. Deadline for A rrival of Letter of Recommendation (Form 5): 5:00 p.m. on February 24, 2027 (Wed.) (JST) - 6 (2) Application Documents Number Application Documents Notes Submission Method 1 Application form Enter requested information on the Online Registration Site. When you enter requested information on the Online Registration Site and pay the application fee , your Application Documents will be sent to the university online. 2 Photo of applicant Upload a photo (equal to or less than 10MB) taken within three months of the application. The photo should present a full front view of face, neck and shoulders without hat or head covering. (Notes) Please do not edit your photo for identity verification. 3 Checklist (Form 1) Download the form from The Modern Japanese Studies Program website, enter requested information and upload the completed form. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent dire ctly from the test administration organi zation, please arrange for them to arriv e at the university by the deadline. 4 Educational background Form (Form 2) Download the form from The Modern Japanese Studies Program website, enter requested information and upload the completed form. 5 Certificate indicating that you are qualified to apply for admission and a transcript Upload the documents listed in a-j (below) according to the Application Qualifications that you meet. 【Notes】 1. Certificates indicating school performance/grades listed below must be official and issued by the principal or head of the school or institution. Unofficial documents cannot be accepted. 2. If you are unable to submit an original document because it is the only one you have, upload a Certified True Copy issued by t he principal or head of the school or institution instead of the original one on the Online Registration Site and submit it after receiving an admission offer. A pplication Documents submitted to the university will not be returned for any reason. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 7 3. Transcripts need to include subjects, grades and grading scales. If transcripts do not include grading scales, attach the materials that show grading scales such as official documents issued by transcript issuing institutions (e.g. your high/upper secondar y school) and printout of the official website of the relevant issuing institutions. 4. If course names and grades on certificates or transcripts are indicated using codes or abbreviations, an explanation of those items must be provided. 5. Certificates that do not meet the application requirements will not be accepted. Example: Applicant who has already graduated from high school submitted a certificate of expected graduation. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent dire ctly from the test administration organi zation, please arrange for them to arriv e at the university by the deadline. a. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 1, 2 (Note 2-e), or 9:  Certificate of graduation/course completion or a certificate of expected graduation/course completion (Form 3) (▲) *Certificate prepared by the principal or head of the high/upper secondary school or course  Official School Transcripts (▲) *Transcripts prepared by the principal or head of the high/upper secondary school or course which you most recently graduated from/completed *Transcripts covering the entire time at high/upper secondary school from the first year to graduation or most recent semester *Transcripts from all high/upper secondary schools if you transferred b. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 2 (Note2-a):  A certificate indicating that you passed the exam (▲)  A transcript (▲) Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 8 c. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 2 (Note2-b):  A certificate indicating that you completed a level of school education in country other than Japan equivalent to a Japanese high school education (▲)  A certificate indicating that you have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university (▲)  Transcripts (▲) Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent dire ctly from the test administration organi zation, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. d. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 2 (Note2 -c) or (Note2-d):  A certificate indicating that you have completed, or are expected to complete, a foreign education equivalent to a Japanese high school education at an institution located in Japan and recognized under the educational system of that country (▲)  A certificate indicating that you have completed preparatory coursework for admission to a Japanese university (▲)  Transcripts (▲) e. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 3: <For those who hold an IB Diploma>  A copy of your International Baccalaureate Diploma issued by the International Baccalaureate Office  The official IB transcript of grades *In addition to uploading a copy of the official IB transcript of grades (sent to you), arrange for the International Baccalaureate Office to send an official paper transcript directly to the Office of Admissions (see page 18), which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. <For those who are expected to hold an IB Diploma in January 2027 or July 2027>  A certificate from the principal or head of the school or institution indicating that you are expected to be awarded an IB Diploma in January 2027 or July 2027 (▲) (Note) The certificate without expected date of award is not acceptable.  Predicted Grades or Anticipated Grades (▲) Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 9 f. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 4:  A copy of your Abitur certificate (Zeugnis der allgemeinen Hochschulreife)  A transcript (▲) Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. g. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 5:  A copy of your baccalauréat diploma (Diplôme du Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement du Second Degré)  A transcript (Relevé des Notes) (▲) h. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 6:  Test results certificate for A -levels/ General Certificate of Education (GCE) (▲) (Notes) 1. Predicted scores issued by the school cannot be substituted for "Test results certificate for A -levels/ General Certificate of Education (GCE)". 2. Those who only hold General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) or General Certificate of Education Advanced Subsidiary (AS-Levels) do not fulfill Application Qualification 6. i. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 7:  Test results certificate for A -levels / International General Certificate of Education (IGCE) (▲) (Notes) 1. Predicted scores issued by the school cannot be substituted for "Test results certificate for A-levels / International General Certificate of Education (IGCE)". 2. Those who only hold International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) or International General Certificate of Education Advanced Subsidiary (International AS -Levels) do not fulfill Application Qualification 7. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 10 j. Individuals who fulfill Application Qualification 8:  A copy of your European Baccalaureate Certificate  A transcript (▲) Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 6 Certificate of English language proficiency Submit one of the following a-c. Regarding a and b, t est results must be from within two years of the Online Registration deadline. a. TOEFL -iBT(including Home Edition ) Official Score Report/Institutional Score Report. * In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you), arrange for the administration organization to electronically send a copy of the score report directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. The institution code for the Hokkaido University Modern Japanese Studies Program is 4808. *Only Test Date Scores will be accepted ('My Best Scores' will NOT be accepted). b. IELTS Test Report Form * In addition to uploading a copy of the Test Report Form (sent to you), arrange for the administration organization to electronically send a copy of the Test Report Form directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. When making a request, please provide the following information. c. Certificate of Primary Language of Instruction Institution: Hokkaido University - MJSP/ISP Department: Office of Admissions Address: Kita 17, Nishi 8, Kita-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido 0600817, Japan Delivery Method: Electronic Score Delivery Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 11 *Upload a certificate specifying you have received four years or more of their secondary education or higher education in English as the primary language of instruction. (any format) (Notes) 1. If Form 3 submitted as proof of eligibility to apply or a transcript specifies that you have received four years or more of secondary education or higher education in English as the primary language of instruction, you do not need to submit a Certificate of Primary Language of Instruction in addition. 2. If it is not possible to submit the Certificate of Primary Language of Instruction stating only English as the Primary Language of Instruction due to reasons such as your school offering instruction in more than two languages, you are required to submit the designated English proficiency test score as specified in a or b. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 7 Certificate of Japanese language proficiency <For those who apply for exemption from taking the Intensive Japanese Course> • Japanese Language Proficiency Test Certificate of Result and Scores (N2 level or higher) or a certificate of test scores that proves the same level or higher level of Japanese language proficiency. Follow either one of the two instructions below. *Upload a copy of the certificate. *Request the test administration organization to send a copy of the certificate directly to the Office of Admissions (see page 18) on paper by the Online Registration deadline. <For those who do not w ish to be exempt from taking the Intensive Japanese Course and have taken the Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) or Other Japanese Language Tests> • A copy of your certificate of JLPT or other test results. Notes: 1. Past Japanese language study experience is not a factor in determining a student's admission to the Modern Japanese Studies Program, but will be used to determine whether the student is exempt from taking the Intensive Japanese Course. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 12 2. Exemption from the Intensive Japanese Course is determined in conjunction with the Application Documents and the results of the interview. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 8 National or other standardized test score reports Individuals who have taken the following national or other standardized tests for university admission or for completion of secondary education in their own country must upload score reports for the tests. There are no subject and grade requirements for application. a. Exams administered by educational institutions in the US (1) Score reports for the following exams administered by the College Board (CB) • SAT/AP * In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you), arrange for the administration organization to electronically send a copy of the score report directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. The CB code for the Hokkaido University Modern Japanese Studies Program is 7944. (2) Score reports for the following exams administered by the American College Testing Program (ACT) • ACT-Examination. * In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you), arrange for the administration organization to electronically send a copy of the score report directly to the Office of Admissions, which must arrive by the Online Registration deadline. The institution code for the Hokkaido University is 8000. b. Exams administered by educational institutions in other countries • In countries with a standardized test, test results certificates from that standardized test (▲) • Materials providing an overview of that test Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 13 9 Proof of nationality Upload a copy of valid passport (the page showing your photo, name, date of birth, gender, nationality, passport number and date of expiry). If you have a valid Japanese visa, upload a copy of the visa. If y ou do not have a passport, upload a copy of identification (specifying the page showing your photo, name, date of birth, gender and nationality in English) i ssued by a government office or other public institution. (Note) Applications will not be accepted if nationality cannot be verified. Combine the scanned documents into one PDF file in the order of document number and upload the file on the Online Registration Site. For documents that need to be sent directly from the test administration organization, please arrange for them to arrive at the university by the deadline. 10 Proof of residency If you have residency in Japan at the time of application , upload a double-sided copy of the Residence Card or any other proof of residency. *Those who have Japanese permanent resident status are not eligible to apply for the Modern Japanese Studies Program. 11 Personal statement (Form 4) Download the form from The Modern Japanese Studies Program website, enter requested information and upload the completed form. *Be sure to fill in sections A through C. *Those who apply for exemption from taking the Intensive Japanese Course must also fill in section D. *Section D is used to judge whether the student who w ishes to be exempt from taking the Intensive Japanese Course has intermediate level or higher level of Japanese language proficiency. Do not use translation software. *Professional proofreading and use of AI is strictly prohibited for Section A through D. 12 Other Individuals who have graduated or withdrawn from higher education institutions (e.g. universit y and college) and those who are currently enrolled in it  A certificate of graduation, a certificate of withdrawal or a certificate of enrollment from higher education (▲)  A transcript covering the entire time at higher education from the first year to graduation or most recent semester (▲) (Note) Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 14 Transcripts from all higher educational institutions are required if you have graduated, withdrawn from or enrolled in multiple higher educational institutions. Letter of Recommendation (Form 5) Download the form from The Modern Japanese Studies Program website and submit it according to the instructions. It must be completed by a teacher from the high school you attend or previously attended who knows your academic performance well. Those who have graduated (or withdrawn) from a university or those who are enrolled in a university can submit a Letter of Recommendation written by a university supervisor who knows your academic performance well, however, Letter of Recommendation from high school teacher is generally preferred. If a teacher/supervisor is your relative or friend, you must ask another teacher/supervisor to complete your Letter of Recommendation. Submit the L etter of Recommendation with the official school/institutional stamp, which is signed and sealed by the recommender, so it will arrive on or before November 20, 2026 (Fri.), 5:00 p.m. (JST) to apply in the F irst Call of Applications and on or before February 24, 2027 (Wed.), 5:00 p.m. (JST) to apply in the Second Call of Applications. Send the L etter of Recommendation by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details). (Notes) 1. The Letter of Recommendation must be written in the designated format (Form 5) 2. Only one Letter of Recommendation should be submitted. If multiple letters are submitted, only one will be accepted as a n Application Document. 3. In exceptional circumstances where you cannot ask the person mentioned above, contact the Office of Admissions before the Online Registration Period begins for the First Call and the Second Call respectively. 4. The Letter of Recommendation will be accepted only via postal mail. Do not upload it to the Online Registration Site. Send in a sealed envelope by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details). Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 15 5. Send the Letter of Recommendation in an envelope sealed by a recommender as below. Unsealed ones are not acceptable. 6. Inquiries confirming the arrival of the Letter of Recommendation cannot be answered. Please check the tracking number yourself. 13 Application fee ¥5,000 Methods of paying the Application Fee: The Application Fee must be paid according to the instructions provided on the payment screen shown after your Online Registration has been submitted. Payment methods are shown below (See 6. "Select the Payment Method and Pay the Application Fee" of the section ( 4) on page 19.) a. Credit card: Visa, Mastercard, JCB, American Express, etc. b. Post Office/bank ATM, online banking or convenience store payment (in Japan only) c. ChinaPay Notes: 1. Please be aware that payments cannot be made via ordinary bank transfer or cash. 2. The customer's copy of the receipt or payment completion e -mail issued when the payment was made should be kept as the applicant's proof of payment. Complete the payment on the Online Registration Site. Recommender's Signature Please seal the envelope flap with glue and sign across the seal. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 16 Application Fee refund: Refunds of A pplication Fees already paid will not be issued for any reason except the following. Those eligible for an Application Fee refund are:  Individuals who accidentally paid the A pplication Fee twice will receive a refund equivalent to one application fee. For information on requesting a refund, e -mail the Office of Admissions. - 17 Instructions for Preparing Application Documents  Upload your Application Documents except for the Letter of Recommendation in PDF format on the Online Registration Site.  Incomplete or insufficient Application Documents will not be accepted. Make sure there is no error or missing information in your Application Documents.  The Office of Admissions may contact you via email to inquire about your Application Documents. Check your inbox of the registered email address frequently including the spam folder as your application will not be accepted without your reply.  If you are unable to submit an original document because it is the only one you have, upload a Certified True Copy issued by the principal or head of the school or institution instead of the original one on the Online Registration Site and submit it after receiving an admission offer. A pplication Documents submitted to the university will not be returned for any reason.  Prepare documents necessary for the application before submitting your Online Registration. Request documents necessary to be sent directly from the test administration organization.  If false information is discovered in your application, your admission may be canceled.  Transcripts, score reports and other certificates must include the official seal of the issuing institution or signature of the issuing institution's representative.  Keep the original Application Documents as you will be required to submit the original Application Documents with the official seal or signature (marked with ▲ on pages 7-13) soon after your Confirmation of Intention to Enroll if you receive an admission offer. If you received the certificate or transcript digitally from your school or issuing institutions and uploaded them when you applied, please obtain the paper-based original of it as well before the Notification of Successful Applicants and post them after receiving an admission offer to the Office of Admissions. Please note that a printout of the digital file of the certificate or transcript you received cannot be accepted.  If the grades or other academic information you upload at the time of application do not match the original certificates you submit after receiving an admission offer, your admission may be canceled.  Submit all Application Documents in English or Japanese. Application D ocuments in any other language must be accompanied by an English or Japanese translation prepared by your school (including Japanese language schools), an embassy or other government agency.  Documents not listed as Application Documents will not be accepted. Please note that these documents will not be returned for any reason.  Withdrawal of application after payment of Application Fee is not allowed. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 18 (3) How to Apply 1. Download Forms Download Forms 1 to 5 from the following website and enter information according to the instructions: The Modern Japanese Studies Program website > Application (https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/mjsp/application/). 2. Submit Letter of Recommendation (Form 5) The Letter of Recommendation (Form 5) must be submitted by registered postal mail. Request the recommender to write the Letter of Recommendation well in advance so it will arrive in time. Send it in a sealed envelope to the address below by registered postal mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details). Retain the tracking number as you will be requested to provide it when you submit your application on the Online Registration Site. 3. Request Test Administration Organizations to Send Documents (Score Reports etc.) Directly to Hokkaido University. In addition to uploading a copy of the score report (sent to you), you must request the test administration organizations to send the following documents directly to the university (except for Certificate of Japanese language proficiency). Note that it may take some time for the scores to arrive Hokkaido University after you request the scores to be sent from the test administration organizations. Ensure that all documents sent directly to Hokkaido University are submitted so that they arrive within the Online Registration Period. See "(2) Application Documents" above for details about the procedures. Also, when requesting test administration organizations to send them on paper, please refer to the address above in "2. Submit Letter of Recommendation". *Documents to be sent electronically: • TOEFL-iBT (including Home Edition) Official Score Report/Institutional Score Report • IELTS Test Report Form • SAT/AP score report • ACT-Examination score report *Documents to be sent on paper: • Official IB transcripts of grades • Certificate of Japanese language proficiency (If you submit the scanned data, a certificate directly sent from test administration Send the "Letter of Recommendation" in 2. to the following address: Office of Admissions, Hokkaido University Kita 17, Nishi 8, Kita-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan 060-0817 Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 19 organizations is not required to be submitted.) Note: Applications will not be accepted unless both the online upload and the direct submission from the issuing organization have been completed. 4. Prepare Data for Uploading Combine the scanned Application Documents (Numbers 3-11) into one PDF file in the order of document number to prepare data for uploading. The maximum file upload size is 100MB. Keep the original Application Documents as you will be required to submit the original Application Documents with the official seal or signature (marked with ▲ on pages 7-13) after receiving an admission offer. If you received the certificate or transcript digitally from your school or issuing institutions and uploaded them when you applied, please obtain the paperbased original of it as well before the Notification of Successful Applicants and post them after receiving an admission offer to the Office of Admissions. Please note that a printout of the digital file of the certificate or transcript you received cannot be accepted. 5. Submit Application Online Visit the Online Registration Site (https://e-apply.jp/ds/hokudai-gakubu2-eng/) during the period. Enter required information and upload the Application Documents (Numbers 3-12) prepared under 4. above. 6. Select the Payment Method and Pay the Application Fee Make your payment by following the instructions on the payment screen shown after your Online Application has been submitted. The information needed for making a payment and the payment procedures differ according to the payment method, so be sure to follow the on-screen instructions. a. Payment by credit card: Enter your credit card number, expiration date, cardholder's name, and security code. b. Post Office/bank ATM, online banking or convenience store payment (in Japan only) Post Office/bank ATM : Bring the payment code, a pplication number, and confirmation number issued after you select your preferred payment method and make your payment at a Pay-easy-compatible ATM. Convenience store: Bring the application number, confirmation number and online payment number shown on the payment instructions, and make your payment at a convenience store. (Payments can be made at Seven -Eleven, Lawson, Family Mart, Ministop, Daily Yamazaki and Seico Mart in Japan.) Online Banking: Follow the instructions shown on the screen. c. ChinaPay: On the online payment screen of any bank, enter the payment information, such as your bank account number, expiration date, and password, to make your payment. 7. Complete Your Application Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 20 Your application is complete when you pay the A pplication Fee, and your L etter of Recommendation arrives at the Office of Admissions by the deadline . Make sure you receive a confirmation email sent after the payment of the Application Fee. (4) Notification of Application Number and Interview Date When your Application Documents are reviewed and your application is accepted, you will receive an email regarding the Application Number and interview date. The email will be sent during the following period: First Call of Applications: In late December 2026 (expected) Second Call of Applications: In late March 2027 (expected) (5) Other Application Information 1. If your application information changes after submitting your application online, please contact the Office of Admissions at the address given below. 2. If you have any questions regarding your application eligibility, please contact the Office of Admissions before submitting your Application Documents. 7. Preliminary Consultations Regarding Exam-Related Issues Applicants who are expecting to have special needs during either the application process or as students on the program should contact the Office of Admissions on or before October 8, 2026 (Thu.) Inquiries Regarding the Online Application Procedure (Instructions and Methods of Payment) If you encounter any technical problems during the online application, inquiries can be made via e-mail to the Technical Assistance Center at this email address: cvs-web@career-tasu.co.jp Inquiries Regarding Admissions and Examinations If you encounter any problems or questions regarding admissions and examinations, inquiries can be made via e- mail to the Office of Admissions , Hokkaido University at this email address: adm-mjsp@academic.hokudai.ac.jp * Any i nquiries into the results/status of the screening process or arrival of mailed documents will not be answered. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 21 to apply in the First Call of Applications and on or before January 3, 2027 (Sun.) to apply in the Second Call of Applications. Please be aware that depending on the nature and time frame of your request, we may not be able to make necessary accommodations by the exam date. Consultations regarding other exam -related and class-related issues are welcome all throughout the year. 8. Selection Methods Students will be selected based on a comprehensive evaluation of their A pplication Documents (transcripts, personal statement, and other documents) and their interview results. 1. Application review A comprehensive review of the submitted transcripts, personal statement, and other documents will be conducted. 2. Interview Interviewers determine whether the applicant has the basic skills and aptitude required for pursuing a university education in the Modern Japanese Studies Program. (Subjects and Scores of Selection) Scoring Application review 100 points Interview 100 points 9. Dates and Times of Interviews Interviews will be conducted online during the periods below. Applicants will be informed of the interview schedule via email. First Call of Applications: January 5, 2027 (Tue.) - January 14, 2027 (Thu.) Second Call of Applications: April 6, 2027 (Tue.) - April 15, 2027 (Thu.) Notes:  Recording: All interviews are recorded to prevent fraud. The recorded data will be used only for interview selection and retained for a certain period of time. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 22  Absence notification: If you will be absent from the interview, please contact the Office of Admissions of Hokkaido University (E-mail:adm-mjsp@academic.hokudai.ac.jp) as soon as possible by the designated day via email, including your Application Number, name and the reason for being absent on the message. Please note that once you have notified us of your absence, the notice cannot be withdrawn. 10. Notification of Successful Applicants (1) Schedule First Call of Applications: February 12, 2027 ( Fri.) at 3:00 p.m. (JST) (expected) Second Call of Applications: May 13, 2027 (Thu.) at 3:00 p.m. (JST) (expected) (2) Notification method The Application Numbers of successful applicants will be posted on the Modern Japanese Studies Program website (https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/mjsp/) and s uccessful applicants will be notified by Notification of Acceptance on the Online Registration Site. Inquiries into the results/status of the screening process will not be answered. *Students admitted to Hokkaido University's Undergraduate Courses, the Integrated Science Program (Undergraduate) or International Qualification -Based Admission, who complete the enrollment procedures, will not be accepted into the Modern Japanese Studies Program. 11. Enrollment Procedures Deadline for Confirmation of Intention to Enroll is as follows: First Call of Applications: In late February 2027 ( expected) Second Call of Applications: In late May 2027 (expected) * Successful applicants must submit the original Application Documents (marked with ▲ in (2) "Application Documents" on pages 7-13) by registered mail (or EMS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or other shipping services that provide tracking details), by Deadline for Confirmation of Intention to Enroll, and notify the Office of A dmission s of the shipping information. * Detailed enrollment procedure information will be provided to successful applicants at a later date. Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 23 12. Enrollment Fee and Tuition Fees Application Fee Enrollment Fee Tuition Fees Intensive Japanese Course Waived Waived ¥181,200 (1 semester) Bachelor's degree in Modern Japanese Studies ¥5,000 ¥282,000 ¥535,800 (per year) *The above E nrollment Fee and Tuition Fees are subject to change . If they are revis ed before admission or during enrollment, the new amount will apply with immediate effect from the time of revision. *The full amount of the Enrollment Fee and first-year Tuition Fees will be waived (2028 academic year) for students enrolling in the Modern Japanese Studies Program in April (2028) . 13. Scholarship Programs (1) Hokkaido University has a scholarship program (The Modern Japanese Studies Program Scholarship Program) for students enrolling in the Modern Japanese Studies Program. Details of that program are outlined below. a. We will waive the full amount of the enrollment and tuition fees for the 2028 academic year for students enrolling in the Modern Japanese Studies Program in April 2028. b. In the second year of the Bachelor's degree in the Modern Japanese Studies and thereafter, all or half of th e tu ition fees will be waived for selected students based on academic performance. (Waivers will not be available to all students.) (Notes) 1. The full waiver of the enrollment fee and tuition fee for the 2028 academic year applies to all MJSP international students, except for the MEXT scholarship students. 2. Applicants who withdraw from enrollment after confirming their intent to enroll may be required to pay the enrollment fee, as they will no longer be eligible for the fee waiver. (2) MJSP was selected by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Science, Sports and Technology (MEXT) for the Japanese Government Scholarship Student Priority Placement Program. Approximately 4 successful applicants from the First Call of Application enrolled in the Intensive Japanese Course in October 2027 will be selected as Japanese Government Scholarship Students (University Recommendation, [Special Selection]). (Notes) 1. Please note that such a scholarship is not offered to all students. Designation of nominees for the Japanese Government Scholarship ( University Recommendation, [Special Selection]) is determined during the selection process. 2. Successful applicants of the Second Call of Application are not eligible for this scholarship. 3. Successful applicants who are exempted from taking the Intensive Japanese Course are not Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 24 eligible for this scholarship. 4. Designated nominees for the Japanese Government Scholarship (University Recommendation, [Special Selection] ) will be informed of said awarded status at the time of notification of successful applicants. 5. Application Guidelines for the MEXT Scholarship ( University Recommendation, [Special Selection]) 2027 will be published by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Science, Sports and Technology in December 2026. The guidelines will also be posted on the Modern Japanese Studies Program website (https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/mjsp/). (3) In the case that a student is not awarded a scholarship (1) or (2) after receiving an admission offer, they are required to pay the tuition fees in full. However, students may apply for a full, half, or quarter tuition waiver if they are facing hardship in paying their tuition fees for financial reasons and have demonstrated outstanding academic performance. (3) In addition, there are scholarships available from private organizations, and those who wish to apply for such programs may apply for scholarships after being admitted to the Modern Japanese Studies Program. Details on how to apply for these scholarships will be distributed separately after enrollment. 14. Privacy Policy (1) All personal information collected by Hokkaido University will be completely protected in compliance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) pursuant to the Hokkaido University Regulations on Personal Information Management. (2) Your name, address, and other personal information you provide to the university through application and individual admissions screening processes will be used solely for ① enrollee selection (application processing and the screening process), ② the announcement of exam results, ③ admission procedures, ④ surveys and research on enrollee selection methods, and ⑤ other related processes. (3) The personal information in section (2) above will also be used after enrollment, only for those who pass the exam, for processes related to ① academic affairs (registration, academic guidance), ② student support services (health management, scholarship applications, dorm admission selection, welfare services, etc.), ③ job search support services, ④ tuition, ⑤ use of the university library, ⑥ use of information education facilities, ⑦ confirming your safety and communication in a disaster or emergency situation, and ⑧ public relations (distributing newsletters, information on events, etc.). (4) Personal information contained in exam results will be used to conduct surveys and research on Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 25 enrollee selection methods. (5) For recruiting purposes, when we receive a request for information from the Hokkaido University Frontier Foundation or any of the following university-affiliated organizations listed below, the only personal information listed in section (2) will be provided for use within the scope of that organization's activities. ①Faculty Alumni Associations, ②Hokkaido University Elm Alumni Association. (6) The personal information set forth in (2) will be retained for five years from the next academic year of our acquirement. (7) The university shall use Article 6, Paragraph 1 (a) of the EU GDPR as the basis for handling personal information and obtaining consent to use it. Personal information will only be used for the purpose for which consent has been given, except when required by laws and regulations. (8) The consent set forth in ( 7) may be revoked at any time. However, this does not affect the legal handling of personal information before consent was revoked. (9) Individuals who provide personal information may make the following requests to the university based on the EU GDPR and related laws and regulations: ① Disclosure of personal information，② Correction of personal information，③ Erasure of personal information，④ Limitation of the handling of personal information, ⑤ Objection to the handling of personal information，⑥ Transfer of personal information to other service providers. (10) If you have provided personal information within the European Economic Area, you may file an objection to a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 51, Paragraph 1 of the EU GDPR if you are dissatisfied with the university's handling of your personal information, etc. (11) Some of the processes in (2) －(5) mentioned above may be outsourced by the university to a contracted service provider (hereinafter referred to as "contractor"). All or some of the personal information provided by applicants may be provided to the contractor only as needed to perform the tasks for which it has been contracted. <Contractor List (Address, Contact Information)> - Career-tasu, Inc. (2-5-1 Koraku, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. Telephone: +81-(0)3-5804-5500). 15. Other (1) Housing Students on this program usually spend their first six months in Japan living in student dorms: For more information about the student dorms, please refer to our website ( https://www.global.hokudai.ac.jp/campus -life/student -dormitories/ ). When you apply for housing, you can choose the housing in which you wish to live. However, you may be assigned to housing that you do not wish. The boarding fee described on the website above is subject to change. (2) Health and Hygiene Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 26 Hokkaido University has a health care center to promote student health and hygiene. It offers routine health checkups as well as everyday health management and advice. The center also offers diagnoses, health consultations, and counseling by physicians specializing in internal medicine and mental health care. (3) Student Support Facilities The Sapporo campus is home to such facilities as the Clark Memorial Student Center, Shokudo (cafeterias), and Welfare Facility. It offers convenient daily access to meals, books, supplies, and other amenities. (4) International Student Support Hokkaido University provides a wide range of services for international students such as a Counselling Service , and a Student Support Desk in which experienced international students provide consultation in various languages. Also, the Modern Japanese Studies Program has various academic support systems, such as a home room and home room teacher system. (5) Part-Time Jobs Those who want to work part-time to help cover their study expenses and other costs must apply for permission to engage in non- specified activities from the Immigration Services Bureau before starting a job. However, applicants are strongly advised against assuming that tuition fees and living expenses incurred while studying on the Modern Japanese Studies Program can be largely or completely paid for by working part-time while on the program. (6) Visa / Certificate of Eligibility (COE) International students who will enroll in Hokkaido University need to obtain a student visa to enter Japan. To apply for and obtain a student visa, Certificate of Eligibility (COE) is required. It may take more than three months for a COE to be issued. Refer to the following website for the procedures to obtain a student visa. https://intl-student-handbook.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/en/preparation-en/visa-en (7) Security Export Control Based on the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act, the University has established the Hokkaido University Security Export Control Regulations, which strictly examine the export of goods and the provision of technology and skills (including the acceptance of incoming international students). -If you are subject to th ese regulations, you may be restricted from learning or conducting research in your desired fields of education. -For further details of regulations regarding Security Export Control, please refer to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) website below. Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry website: https://www.meti.go.jp/policy/anpo/ Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program, Application Guidelines, 2028 - 27