Modern Japanese Studies Program About MJSP Student Life Why Choose Us Faculty & Research Application Gallery News FAQ Search 日本語 Menu Close Modern Japanese Studies Program HOME About MJSP Student Life Why Choose Us Faculty & Research Application Gallery FAQ News Search 日本語 HOME Application Fees & Scholarships Application Application Fees & Scholarships Fees & Scholarships Program Application Fee Enrollment Fee Tuition Fees Intensive Japanese Course Waived Waived ¥181,200 (one semester) Bachelor's Degree in Modern Japanese Studies ¥5,000 ¥282,000 ¥535,800 (per year) *The above enrollment fee and tuition fees are subject to change. If they are revised before admission or during enrollment, the new amount will apply with immediate effect from the time of revision. *The full amount of the enrollment fee and first-year tuition fees will be waived (2028 academic year) for students enrolling in the Modern Japanese Studies Program in April (2028). (1) Scholarship Programs Hokkaido University has a scholarship program (The Modern Japanese Studies Program Scholarship Program) for students enrolling in the Modern Japanese Studies Program. Details of that program are outlined below. a. We will waive the full amount of the enrollment and tuition fees for the 2028 academic year for students enrolling in the Modern Japanese Studies Program in April 2028. b. In the second year of the Bachelor's degree in the Modern Japanese Studies and thereafter, all or half of the tuition fees will be waived for selected students based on academic performance. (Waivers will not be available to all students.) (Notes) The full waiver of the enrollment fee and tuition fee for the 2028 academic year applies to all MJSP international students, except for the MEXT scholarship students. Applicants who withdraw from enrollment after confirming their intent to enroll may be required to pay the enrollment fee, as they will no longer be eligible for the fee waiver. (2) Japanese Government Scholarship (MEXT) MJSP was selected by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Science, Sports and Technology (MEXT) for the Japanese Government Scholarship Student Priority Placement Program. Approximately 4 successful applicants from the First Call of Application enrolled in the Intensive Japanese Course in October 2027 will be selected as Japanese Government Scholarship Students (University Recommendation, [Special Selection]). (Notes) Please note that such a scholarship is not offered to all students. Designation of nominees for the Japanese Government Scholarship (University Recommendation, [Special Selection]) is determined during the selection process. Successful applicants of the Second Call of Application are not eligible for this scholarship. Successful applicants who are exempted from taking the Intensive Japanese Course are not eligible for this scholarship. Designated nominees for the Japanese Government Scholarship (University Recommendation, [Special Selection]) will be informed of said awarded status at the time of notification of successful applicants. Application Guidelines for the MEXT Scholarship (University Recommendation, [Special Selection]) 2027 will be published by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Science, Sports and Technology in December 2026. The guidelines will also be posted on the Modern Japanese Studies Program website ( https://www.oia.hokudai.ac.jp/mjsp/ ). Other Financial Support ・Fast Retailing Foundation FRF Scholarship for Studying in Japan The Modern Japanese Studies Program is included on the list of designated universities for the Fast Retailing Foundation (FRF) Scholarship for Studying in Japan. Please refer to the Fast Retailing Foundation website for additional information. Note: Applicants who wish to receive this scholarship must first apply directly to the Fast Retailing Foundation and be selected as a scholarship recipient before submitting their application to the Modern Japanese Studies Program. In the case that a student is not awarded a scholarship (1) or (2) after receiving an admission offer, they are required to pay the tuition fees in full. However, students may apply for a full, half, or quarter tuition waiver if they are facing hardship in paying their tuition fees for financial reasons and have demonstrated outstanding academic performance. In addition, there are scholarships available from private organizations, and those who wish to apply for such programs may apply for scholarships after being admitted to the Modern Japanese Studies Program. Details on how to apply for these scholarships will be distributed separately after enrollment. Modern Japanese Studies Program 日本語 About MJSP Curriculum Policies Student Life Alumni Voices Student Support Why Choose Us Brochures & Videos Career Paths Faculty & Research Guest Lecture Series Application Fees & Scholarships Gallery FAQ News ©Hokkaido University's Modern Japanese Studies Program