Request Info Contact Us Virtual Tour Skip Navigation Search Mobile Menu Search Apply Request Info Academics Academics Get ready for a personalized education experience at Webster Tashkent, whether you're earning a bachelor's degree or advancing your career with a master's. Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Extended Locations: Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Master's Programs Accreditations and Rankings News Events Contact Us Attend Webster Attend Webster With small class sizes and flexible programming, Webster Tashkent provides a high-quality bachelor's and master's experience in the heart of Central Asia. Admissions Admission Requirements Study Abroad Student Code of Conduct (PDF) Financial Information Financial Aid and Scholarships Tuition and Fees News Events Contact Us Who We Are Who We Are At Webster Tashkent, we're fostering a culture that embraces and celebrates a global-centric philosophy and prepares our students to become transformational leaders. Find out more about us and our additional Webster Tashkent sites in Uzbekistan: Andijan State Medical Institute Bukhara State Medical Institute Bukhara State University Jizzakh State Pedagogical Institute Samarkand Institute of Economics and Service Samarkand State Institute of Foreign Languages Samarkand State Medical University Samarkand State University Tashkent Medical Academy Alumni Success Job Openings Mission and Values News Events Contact Us Search Apply Request Info Search All of Webster.edu Academics Master's Programs Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Master's Programs Accreditations and Rankings News Events Contact Us Attend Webster Admission Requirements Admissions Study Abroad Student Code of Conduct (PDF) Financial Aid and Scholarships Financial Information Tuition and Fees News Events Contact Us Who We Are Bukhara State Medical Institute Andijan State Medical Institute Bukhara State University Jizzakh State Pedagogical Institute Samarkand Institute of Economics and Service Samarkand State Institute of Foreign Languages Samarkand State Medical University Samarkand State University Tashkent Medical Academy Job Openings Alumni Success Mission and Values News Events Contact Us Close Overlay Webster Uzbekistan All of webster.edu Search Current Site Search All of Webster.edu Undergraduate Biology Business Administration Chemistry Computer Science Economics Education Studies International Law International Relations Management Information Systems Media Studies Nursing Psychology Graduate MBA: Business Administration MHA: Health Administration Education and Innovation Strategic Communications Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages Admissions Bachelor's Degrees Explore our undergraduate coursework designed to meet the needs of today's students. Master's Degrees Discover our advanced degree opportunities created with working professionals in mind. Education with a Global Perspective At Webster Tashkent, we understand university is a challenging time for most young people. That's why enrolling in this private, nonprofit university is easy - we maintain a rolling admissions policy, meaning you can apply twice a year, as early as it is convenient for you. Learn more about our application process for both undergraduates and working professionals seeking an advanced degree. Bachelor's Admission Process Check Your Eligibility To apply to Webster Tashkent for a bachelor's degree, you will need to: Complete your secondary education: graduate a lyceum, school, or college (specialized high school in Uzbekistan). Demonstrate a grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 (on a 4.0 scale). Demonstrate English proficiency at a level equal to or higher than IELTS 5.5 (ESL-contingent) Each applicant needs to demonstrate their ability to undertake the Webster program, which will be taught in English. Applicants who do not meet our English requirements may be conditionally accepted as English as a Second Language (ESL) students. ESL courses are taken during the first two semesters. These classes are provided at no additional cost to support students in increasing academic English skills. The classes are taken at the same time as other subjects related to the student's major and are counted toward their degrees in the form of electives. Webster accepts applications from citizens of all countries who meet eligibility requirements. Note: Webster University requires specific steps and qualifications for application to undergraduate (bachelor's) programs. Brief descriptions can be found below, but prospective students should consult the full admission policies . Review Dates and Deadlines Undergraduate Application Deadlines Intakes: Class start date: Uzbekistan students apply by: International students apply by: Fall 2025 Aug. 18 , 2025 Jul. 31, 2025 Jul. 31, 2025 Prepare Your Documents Document of School Completion Each applicant must submit a document certifying he or she has completed high school, such as an attestat or diploma. Applicants considered for admission to undergraduate studies at Webster University must complete their high school education in an accredited educational institution recognized by Webster University, and meet all program admission standards. Applicants must have a grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 (on a 4.0 scale) for full admission. Transcript Each applicant must submit an official, final high school document demonstrating grades (transcript). Those who receive an attestat are not required to submit anything further, since that document contains their grades. If you are still in school, you may submit a transcript of your grades from your 10th and 11th years of studies. You will receive a provisional admission decision. After we receive your final transcript, we will update your admissions decision from provisional to full. Proof of English Language Proficiency We accept scores from several English proficiency tests, including the following: IELTS: 6.0 minimum score (5.5 for admission conditional on completion of the ESL Bridge program) TOEFL iBT: 80 minimum score (69-79 for admission conditional on completion of the ESL Bridge program) Duolingo: 120 minimum score (100 for admission conditional on completion of the ESL Bridge program) SAT: at least a 450 in the Evidence-Based Reading and Writing Section iTEP: 3.7 minimum score (3.5-3.6 for admission conditional on completion of the ESL Bridge program) Pearson (PTE): 53 minimum score LanguageCert: C1 minimum level Passport or ID Card To complete your admissions file, we will also require a scanned file of your passport identification page or both sides of your ID card. Document Languages All documents must be in English. If these documents are not originally in English, please get a notarized translation and submit the scanned version of the original and translation. Transfer Students If you wish to transfer from your current university to Webster Tashkent, please provide your most up-to-date grades from university as well as high school documents. Please note that decisions are made on a case-by-case basis. Submit Your Application and Documents All applications to Webster University in Tashkent are submitted online. Click here to apply. Once we receive your application and documents through the online system, it typically takes us 2-3 weeks to review your candidacy and send you a decision by email. Applicants are not sent a confirmation email when we receive applications. Please email or call the Office of Admissions if you want to check that Webster has received your application. Confirm Enrollment Once an applicant is admitted, they are required to submit the first semester's tuition fee. The 50% of the fee confirms intent to enroll at the University. Enrollment in classes will be completed only after the student's tuition fee is received. Students are encouraged to pay the tuition fee as soon as possible, before July 31, to guarantee their ability to study in their desired semester. Attend Orientation Students should plan to come to Webster freshman orientation in the weeks before classes start. Orientation gives new students - both freshmen and transfers - a chance to learn about Webster rules, policies, services, student life, how to get involved and so forth. Attending orientation is mandatory. Sessions are organized before the start of classes, and students are invited to participate by email, so make sure to check your inbox regularly. Congratulations! You are now a Gorlok - welcome to our international community! Master's Admission Process Check Your Eligibility Webster University in Tashkent is accepting applications for graduate programs. To apply to WUT for a master's degree, you will need to: Complete your bachelor's education: graduate university or institute. Demonstrate a grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 (on a 4.0 scale) from your bachelor's studies. Demonstrate English proficiency at a level equal or higher than IELTS 6.0 for MA TESOL, MA EDIN, MHA and MBA. Webster University utilizes a cohort-based term system for graduate programs. This means that prospective students can start their studies at different times a year, choosing a date that is most convenient. Refer to the tables below for details. If you are interested, please contact us to hear more. You can also simply submit an electronic application, indicating the date when you wish to start classes. Webster accepts applications from citizens of all countries who meet eligibility requirements. Note : Webster University requires specific steps and qualifications for application to graduate (master's) programs. Brief descriptions can be found below, but prospective students should consult the full admission policies . Review Dates and Deadlines Application deadlines Class start date: Uzbekistan students apply by: International students apply by: Aug. 11, 2025 July 31, 2025 July 31, 2025 Prepare Your Documents Document of University Completion Each applicant must submit a document certifying they have completed university, such as a diploma. Those who studied based on a government grant and who were not issued their diploma may submit their certificate of university completion (ko'chirma). Applicants considered for admission to graduate studies at Webster University must complete their high school education in an accredited higher educational institution recognized by Webster University, and meet all program admission standards. Applicants must have a grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 (on a 4.0 scale) for full admission. Transcript Each applicant must submit an official, final document demonstrating grades (transcript). Proof of English Language Proficiency We accept scores from several English proficiency tests, including the following: IELTS: 6.0 minimum score TOEFL iBT: 80 minimum score Duolingo: 120 minimum score Pearson (PTE): 53 minimum score LanguageCert: C1 minimum level iTEP: 3.7 minimum score Applicants who have earned their bachelor's degree from a university in which the language of instruction was English may get the English requirement waived. Please reach out to our Admissions team to check whether you are eligible. Passport or ID Card To complete your admissions file, we will also require a scanned file of your passport identification page or both sides of your ID card. Document Languages All documents must be in English. If these documents are not originally in English, please get a notarized translation and submit the scanned version of the original and translation. Submit Your Application and Documents All applications to Webster University in Tashkent are submitted online. Click here to apply. Once we receive your application and documents through the online system, it typically takes us 2-3 weeks to review your candidacy and send you a decision by email. Applicants are not sent a confirmation email when we receive applications. Please email or call the Admissions Department if you want to check that Webster has received your application. Confirm Enrollment Once an applicant is admitted, he or she is required to submit the first term's tuition fee. The first term's tuition fee confirms intent to enroll at the University. Enrollment in classes will be completed only after the student's tuition fee is received. Students are encouraged to pay the tuition fee as soon as possible to guarantee their ability to study in their desired semester. Attend Orientation Students should plan to come to Webster orientation in the weeks before classes start. Orientation gives new students a chance to learn about Webster rules, policies, and technologies. Grad students are strongly encouraged to participate, since they use our online systems intensively to complete reading and submit assignments. Congratulations! You are now a Gorlok - welcome to our international community! Contact Us Email uzadmissions@webster.edu Send us an email any time, and we will respond as soon as possible. Call 55 503 00 66 The Admissions Office answers calls 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Monday to Friday On Telegram View Our Channel Discover the American degree for you An Unparalleled Academic Network Our students have access to a global-centric curriculum, spanning three continents and multiple countries worldwide. To find out what program best fits your life and goals, connect with our Admissions staff. Request Information Bachelor's Programs Learn about our Bachelor of Arts, Education and Science degrees. Master's Programs Read about our master's programs in business and education fields. +998 55 503 00 66 13 Navoi Avenue Tashkent 100011 Uzbekistan Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Telegram © 2020-2026 Webster University Privacy Policies and Notices Whistleblowing Reporting Hotline Apply Request Information Visit Give International Students Online Learners Student Code of Conduct (PDF) Virtual Campus Tour Bookstore Connections Portal Library Academic Calendar Events Job Openings News ©