Request Info Contact Us Virtual Tour Skip Navigation Search Mobile Menu Search Apply Request Info Academics Academics Get ready for a personalized education experience at Webster Tashkent, whether you're earning a bachelor's degree or advancing your career with a master's. Bachelor's Programs Master's Programs Extended Locations: Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Master's Programs Accreditations and Rankings News Events Contact Us Attend Webster Attend Webster With small class sizes and flexible programming, Webster Tashkent provides a high-quality bachelor's and master's experience in the heart of Central Asia. Admissions Admission Requirements Study Abroad Student Code of Conduct (PDF) Financial Information Financial Aid and Scholarships Tuition and Fees News Events Contact Us Who We Are Who We Are At Webster Tashkent, we're fostering a culture that embraces and celebrates a global-centric philosophy and prepares our students to become transformational leaders. Find out more about us and our additional Webster Tashkent sites in Uzbekistan: Andijan State Medical Institute Bukhara State Medical Institute Bukhara State University Jizzakh State Pedagogical Institute Samarkand Institute of Economics and Service Samarkand State Institute of Foreign Languages Samarkand State Medical University Samarkand State University Tashkent Medical Academy Alumni Success Job Openings Mission and Values News Events Contact Us Search Apply Request Info Search All of Webster.edu Academics Master's Programs Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Master's Programs Accreditations and Rankings News Events Contact Us Attend Webster Admission Requirements Admissions Study Abroad Student Code of Conduct (PDF) Financial Aid and Scholarships Financial Information Tuition and Fees News Events Contact Us Who We Are Bukhara State Medical Institute Andijan State Medical Institute Bukhara State University Jizzakh State Pedagogical Institute Samarkand Institute of Economics and Service Samarkand State Institute of Foreign Languages Samarkand State Medical University Samarkand State University Tashkent Medical Academy Job Openings Alumni Success Mission and Values News Events Contact Us Close Overlay Webster Uzbekistan All of webster.edu Search Current Site Search All of Webster.edu Undergraduate Biology Business Administration Chemistry Computer Science Economics Education Studies International Law International Relations Management Information Systems Media Studies Nursing Psychology Graduate MBA: Business Administration MHA: Health Administration Education and Innovation Strategic Communications Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages Academic Calendar The academic calendar gives the key dates in the year such as the start and end of each term and public holidays when the campus will be closed. Academic Year 2026-2027 Summer 2026 Date Milestone March 4 Registration begins for Summer 2026 undergraduate classes March 9 Registration begins for Summer 2026 graduate classes June 1-5 New Student Orientation June 8 Summer 8-week term begins June 12 Summer 8-week term drop deadline June 24 Summer undergraduate Petition to Graduate due June 26 Summer graduate Petition to Graduate due July 17 Summer 8-week term withdrawal deadline July 31 Summer 8-week term ends Aug. 7 Summer 8-week term grades due from faculty Aug. 14 Summer Graduation Date* (official date of conferral that appears on the diploma and transcripts, not the commencement ceremony date) Fall 2026 Date Milestone March 4 Registration begins for Fall 2026 undergraduate classes March 9 Registration begins for Fall 2026 graduate classes Aug. 14 Fall 1 graduate Petition to Graduate due Aug. 17-21 New Student Orientation Aug. 24 Fall Semester and Fall 1 8-week term begins Aug. 28 Fall Semester and Fall 1 8-week term drop deadline Aug. 30-Sept. 1 Independence Day (campus closed) Oct. 1 Teachers Day (campus closed) Oct. 2 Fall 1 8-week term withdrawal deadline Oct. 9 Fall Semester undergraduate and Fall 2 graduate Petition to Graduate due Oct. 12 Registration begins for Spring 2027 undergraduate classes Oct. 16 Fall 1 8-week term ends Oct. 16 Fall 1 graduate Graduation Date* (official date of conferral that appears on the diploma, not the commencement ceremony date) Oct. 19 Registration begins for Spring 2027 graduate classes Oct. 19-23 Fall Break Oct. 23 Fall 1 grades due from faculty Oct. 26 Fall 2 8-week term begins Oct. 30 Fall 2 8-week term drop deadline Nov. 13 Fall Semester withdrawal deadline Dec. 4 Fall 2 8-week term withdrawal deadline Dec. 8 Constitution Day (campus closed) Dec. 18 Fall Semester and Fall 2 8-week term ends Dec. 18 Fall Semester and Fall 2 graduate Graduation Date* (official date of conferral that appears on the diploma, not the commencement ceremony date) Dec. 25 Fall Semester and Fall 2 grades due from faculty Spring 2027 Date Milestone Oct. 12, 2026 Registration begins for Spring 2027 undergraduate classes Oct. 19, 2026 Spring Registration begins for Spring 2027 graduate classes Jan. 11-15 New Student Orientation Jan. 18 Spring Semester and Spring 1 undergraduate 8-week term begins Jan. 22 Spring Semester and Spring 1 8-week term drop deadline Feb. 26 Spring 1 8-week withdrawal deadline March 2 Spring Semester undergraduate and Spring 2 graduate Petition to Graduate due March 5 Spring 1 and 2 graduate Petition to Graduate due March 8 Registration begins for Summer and Fall 2027 undergraduate classes March 8 International Women's Day (campus closed) March 10 Eid al-Fitr (campus closed)** March 12 Spring 1 8-week term ends March 12 Spring 1 graduate Graduation Date* (official date of conferral that appears on the diploma, not the commencement ceremony date) March 15 Registration begins for Summer and Fall 2027 graduate classes March 15-19 Spring Break March 19 Spring 1 grades due from faculty March 22 Spring 2 8-week term begins March 22 Nowruz (campus closed )** March 26 Spring 2 8-week drop deadline April 9 Spring Semester withdrawal deadline April 30 Spring 2 8-week withdrawal deadline May 14 Spring Semester and Spring 2 undergraduate 8-week term ends May 17 Eid al-Adha (campus closed)** May 21 Spring Semester and Spring 2 8-week grades due from faculty May 21 Spring Semester and Spring 2 graduate Graduation Date* (official date of conferral that appears on the diploma, not the commencement ceremony date) TBD Commencement *Graduation Date (official date of conferral that appears on the diploma, not the commencement ceremony date) **In Uzbekistan some public holidays are not officially confirmed until closer to the date and may be extended with additional days. These dates listed are provisional and will be updated as official announcements are issued by the government. Life at Webster Tashkent A Personalized Approach to Education With us, our faculty and staff work together to help our students reach their academic potential through an emphasis on collaboration and self-expression. Mission and Values Learn more about our vision of setting the distinct standard for global education. Campus Life Discover the real American university experience, both inside and out of class. Learn More Founded in 1915, Webster is an independent nonprofit university with students studying at campus locations in North America, Europe and Asia, and in a robust online learning environment. With its main campus in St. Louis, Missouri, USA, Webster University's network of faculty, staff, students and alumni forge powerful bonds with each other and their communities around the globe. The University is committed to engaged learning experiences and empowering our students to become catalysts for change. Prepare for your next step and explore our community resources. Tuition and Fees Visit Admissions Financial Information Request Information Apply Now +998 55 503 00 66 13 Navoi Avenue Tashkent 100011 Uzbekistan Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Telegram © 2020-2026 Webster University Privacy Policies and Notices Whistleblowing Reporting Hotline Apply Request Information Visit Give International Students Online Learners Student Code of Conduct (PDF) Virtual Campus Tour Bookstore Connections Portal Library Academic Calendar Events Job Openings News ©