EN UZ Home Education Programs Bachelor's Programs Bachelor of Arts Degrees Bachelor of Education Degree Bachelor of Laws Degree Bachelor of Science Degrees Master's Programs Master of Business Administration Master of Health Administration Education and Innovation and Graduate Certificates Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages Extended Locations Extended Locations: Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Master's Programs Admissions Apply To Webster Bachelor's degree Master's degree Tuition Fees International For Students Grants Study Abroad Alumni Library Student Life Accomodation HEMIS Useful Links Eco-active Students About Us About Webster Our Team Contact Us Our Pride FAQ Vacancies info.tashkent@webster.edu +998 55 503 00 66 Center for the Implementation of Educational Programs of Webster University in Tashkent Home Education Programs Bachelor's Programs Bachelor of Arts Degrees Bachelor of Education Degree Bachelor of Laws Degree Bachelor of Science Degrees Master's Programs Master of Business Administration Master of Health Administration Education and Innovation and Graduate Certificates Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages Extended Locations Extended Locations: Bachelor's Programs Extended Locations: Master's Programs Admissions Apply To Webster Bachelor's degree Master's degree Tuition Fees International For Students Grants Study Abroad Alumni Library Student Life Accomodation HEMIS Useful Links Eco-active Students About Us About Webster Our Team Contact Us Our Pride FAQ Vacancies EN UZ The website is operating in test mode • The website is operating in test mode • The website is operating in test mode • The website is operating in test mode • The website is operating in The website is operating in test mode Home > Apply to Webster Applicant Form First name Last name Middle name Phone number Additional phone number Email address Date of birth Country Select a country Uzbekistan USA Greece Switzerland The Netherlands China Georgia Austria Other Please specify: Please enter your passport or ID series and numbers: PINFL number: Choose degree Select a degree Bachelor's degree Master's degree Bachelor's Programs Select a program 1. Bachelor of Arts Degrees Bachelor of Arts in Biology Bachelor of Arts in Economics Bachelor of Arts in International Relations Bachelor of Arts in Media Studies Bachelor of Arts in Psychology 2. Bachelor of Education Degree Bachelor of Education Studies 3. Bachelor of Laws Degree LLB in International Law 4. Bachelor of Science Degrees Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Bachelor of Science in Chemistry Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Bachelor of Science in Nursing Tashkent Medical Academy (location) Biology (BA) Chemistry (BS) Nursing (BSN) Psychology (BA) Psychology: General (Minor) Samarkand State University (location) Biology (BA) Chemistry (BS) Psychology (BA) Psychology: General (Minor) Samarkand State Medical University (location) Nursing (BSN) National University of Uzbekistan (location) Biology (BA) Chemistry (BS) Psychology (BA) Psychology: General (Minor) Bukhara State Medical University (location) Biology (BA) Chemistry (BS) Nursing (BSN) Psychology (BA) Psychology: General (Minor) Master's Programs Select a program 1. Master of Business Administration Master of Business Administration 2. Master of Health Administration Master of Health Administration 3. Education and Innovation (MA) and Graduate Certificates Master of Arts in Education and Innovation Graduate Certificate in Creativity and Innovation Graduate Certificate in International Teaching 4. Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (MA TESOL) Master of Arts in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages 5. Bukhara State Medical University Master of Health Administration (MHA) 6. Bukhara State University Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages with an Emphasis in International Education (MA) 7. Samarkand Institute of Economics and Service Master of Business Administration (MBA) 8. Samarkand State Institute of Foreign Languages Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages with an Emphasis in International Education (MA) 9. Samarkand State Medical University Master of Health Administration (MHA) 10. Tashkent Medical Academy Master of Health Administration (MHA) 11. Uzbekistan State University of World Languages Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages with an Emphasis in International Education (MA) I agree that all the information I entered is my own work, factually true, and honestly presented. I understand that I may be subject to a range of possible disciplinary actions, including admission revocation or expulsion, should the information I entered be false. Submit Navoi 13, 100011 Shaykhantakhur district Tashkent, Uzbekistan Buses: 115, 28, 89, 91, 44, 46, 68 Metro: Pakhtakor, Alisher Navoi +998 55 503 00 66 info.tashkent@webster.edu Quick Links Apply to Webster Grants Accomodation HEMIS About Webster FAQ Contact Us Copyright All Rights Reserved