Skip to main content Keyword Search Search Main navigation Academics Academics sub-navigation The Four Schools Exploring Academics Research After Penn Student Life Student Life sub-navigation Residential Life Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Exploring Community Affording Penn Affording Penn sub-navigation Financial Aid How it Works International Aid Understanding Your Costs How to Apply How to Apply sub-navigation First-Year Applicants International Applicants First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied Supporting Your Student Supporting Your Student sub-navigation Families & Supporters Counselors Visit & Connect Visit & Connect sub-navigation Visit Penn Penn Perspectives Meet Penn Admissions Contact Us Ask Breadcrumb Home How To Apply International Applicants Navigate Section Main navigation First-Year Applicants International Applicants International Applicants sub-navigation International Application Guidelines First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied International Applicants Penn welcomes applications from students around the world, and we celebrate the unique perspectives that each international student brings to our vibrant community. In fact, over 100 countries are represented in our undergraduate population, and about 1 in 4 of our Quakers across all Penn's schools and programs are International Student and Scholars . Here, you'll have the opportunity to learn with professors who are leaders in their fields, forge meaningful connections with students who share a passion for learning and receive the support you need to thrive at Penn as an international student. Our International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) is dedicated to supporting our international students from figuring out immigration, to settling in on campus, to finding work after graduation . Penn's campus is nestled in the heart of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -or as any true Philadelphian affectionately calls it-Philly. Explore the nation's first capital-a city with growing global communities and historical impact. INTERNATIONAL APPLICANT GUIDELINES International Applicant FAQs Is the application process the same for international students as domestic students? Our application process is the same for domestic and international applicants. Penn accepts the Common App, the Coalition Application, and the QuestBridge Application. All applicants, regardless of citizenship, submit one of these applications. What transcripts are required if my secondary school is only 3 years of study? Please have your school provide complete official academic records for all grade levels included in your school's secondary/high school structure. Will my immigration status impact the application process? Each student's application, regardless of citizenship and permanent residency status, is evaluated based on the location of the high school they are currently attending and our application process and requirements are the same for all applicants. Citizenship and permanent residency will affect financial aid , however. What are Penn's A-Level/IB requirements? Are there specific classes that must be taken or score requirements for admittance? We practice a Comprehensive Review Process at Penn, which means we consider your entire context when we review your application. For this reason, w e do not have explicit course requirements or minimum test score requirements for admittance. Generally, we like to see that you're taking advantage of rigorous courses offered at your school and that you're well-prepared for the program to which you're applying . Will Penn accept my predicted scores/how are they used in the review process? Yes, if your final exam scores are not yet available, please have your school provide us with predicted scores to use in our review of your academic records. Visit Preparing Your Application to learn more about our review process. Are international students required to have records translated? Yes, please ensure that we receive a certified translations of any of your application materials which are not originally printed in English. Do international applicant transcripts need to be evaluated or recalculated by a third party agency? No, international transcripts do not need to be evaluated by a third party and applicants grades, GPAs, and test scores should not be recalculated. How do I have official test scores submitted? English proficiency test scores should be submitted by the testing agency which administered your test. We accept TOEFL , IELTS , and the Duolingo English Test . Please note that Penn does not currently accept the IELTS Indicator exam, the IELTS One Retake exam or MyBest scores for the TOEFL. National and international external examinations should be submitted by either your school or the appropriate testing agency . These may include International Baccalaureate , Cambridge Advanced (International AS & A Level) exam grades, and Cambridge AICE Diploma What scores are needed on the TOEFL/IELTS/Duolingo exam? The TOEFL iBT has transitioned to a new scoring system, moving from the previous 0-120 scale to a 1-6 band score scale (reported in 0.5 increments). Competitive applicants tend to have a composite score of 5 or above with demonstrated consistency across the four sections of the exam (reading, listening, speaking, and writing). Penn looks at the results of an applicant's most recent TOEFL exam, not MyBest scores. If you have taken the previous version of the TOEFL (scored on a scale from 0 to 120) within the last two years, you may choose to submit your existing TOEFL score. Competitive applicants tend to have a composite score of 100 or above with demonstrated consistency across the four sections of the exam (reading, listening, speaking, and writing). Please note, your exam date must be within two years from your application deadline to be valid. The IELTS exam is scored on a scale from 0 to 9. Competitive applicants tend to have an overall band score of 7 or above with demonstrated consistency across the four sections of the exam (listening, reading, writing, and speaking). The Duolingo English Test is scored on a scale from 10-160. Competitive applicants should have an overall score of 130 or above with demonstrated consistency across the subsections of the test. How long are English proficiency test scores valid? Please be aware, TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo English Test scores are valid for two years from the date of the exam. We must receive your scores prior to their expiration. This means your scores must be valid at the time you submit you application. If you are not able to send scores through the testing agency due to their expired status, and you have no other valid scores to provide, you will need to sit for another English proficiency exam. Are there substitutions available for English proficiency testing? A strong command of the English language is essential for successful study at Penn. You are exempt from submitting an English proficiency test score if either of the following is true: English is your native language, or English was your primary language of instruction for at least three years (in high school, college, or a combination of both) by the time you enroll at Penn. If neither applies to you, you must submit scores from one of the following tests: TOEFL IELTS Duolingo English Test Footer Links Join the mailing list Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy NACAC Partnership Agreement