Skip to main content Keyword Search Search Main navigation Academics Academics sub-navigation The Four Schools Exploring Academics Research After Penn Student Life Student Life sub-navigation Residential Life Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Exploring Community Affording Penn Affording Penn sub-navigation Financial Aid How it Works International Aid Understanding Your Costs How to Apply How to Apply sub-navigation First-Year Applicants International Applicants First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied Supporting Your Student Supporting Your Student sub-navigation Families & Supporters Counselors Visit & Connect Visit & Connect sub-navigation Visit Penn Penn Perspectives Meet Penn Admissions Contact Us Ask Breadcrumb Home How To Apply International Applicants International Application Guidelines Navigate Section Main navigation First-Year Applicants International Applicants International Applicants sub-navigation International Application Guidelines First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied International Application Guidelines Our admissions staff have extensive experience reviewing applications from around the world. As part of our comprehensive review process, we evaluate your application with the context of your local opportunities and national education systems in mind. We read applications sorted by secondary school location, regardless of your nationality. So, if you moved during high school, your application will be assigned to the region where your current school is located. Our Review Process for International Applicants We conduct a thorough and comprehensive review of all applications, aiming to identify students who are well-prepared for the academic experience that Penn has to offer. Beyond academics, we would like to learn about your interests outside the classroom, including extracurricular activities, and community service-though we recognize access to these opportunities vary from country to country. Please note that the University of Pennsylvania Office of Admission neither endorses nor supports the use of agents and independent college admissions related business in the application process. Our office works directly with applicants, schools, government, Education USA, non-profit, and community-based organizations. We recommend working with Education USA , which provides many helpful resources for international students interested in pursuing higher education in the United States. Considering applying for financial aid? Learn more about applying for financial aid as an international student . Apply with Common App Apply with the Coalition Application Your Application to Penn When you apply to Penn, you will need to submit your own application materials, as well as request materials from your teachers and school officials. All applicants-both international and domestic-complete the same application through the Common App or Coalition Application. Learn more about the full list of application requirements for first-year applicants . Any documents that are not in English must be officially translated into English to be submitted. In addition to the guidance below, we provide detailed instructions for each component of your application. Learn more about preparing your application to Penn. English Language Proficiency A strong command of the English language is essential for successful study at Penn. You are exempt from submitting an English proficiency test score if either of the following is true: English is your native language, or English was your primary language of instruction for at least three years (in high school, college, or a combination of both) by the time you enroll at Penn. If neither applies to you, you must submit scores from one of the following tests: TOEFL IELTS Duolingo English Test Please note that Penn does not currently accept the IELTS Indicator exam or MyBest scores for the TOEFL. To learn about the TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo English Test and to register for the examinations, please visit the websites below. Penn's school code for the TOEFL is 2926. TOEFL IELTS Duolingo English Test Be sure to designate the University of Pennsylvania as a recipient University each time you register for an examination. If you have already taken a test but did not designate the University of Pennsylvania as a score recipient, please do so afterwards. Please note that Penn does not currently accept the IELTS Indicator exam, the IELTS One Retake exam or MyBest scores for the TOEFL. Penn does not accept self-reported scores for English proficiency examinations. Any student required to submit English-language proficiency exams must have official results for their TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test sent to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions through official testing agencies to be considered with a student's application. Please be aware, TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo English Test scores are valid for two years from the date of the exam We must receive your scores prior to their expiration. This means your scores must be valid at the time you submit you application. If you are not able to send scores through the testing agency due to their expired status, and you have no other valid scores to provide, you will need to sit for another English proficiency exam. Secondary School Academic Record or Transcript Penn accepts most national and international secondary school curricula. Secondary school refers to the educational level before entering college or university-which we call high school. Our Admissions Committee has extensive training in reviewing academic records (transcripts) to determine your preparation for programs at Penn. We will require you to submit all of your letter or numerical grades from all four years of high school. This may mean that you need to request multiple transcripts if you attended different high schools. When determining your preparation for Penn, we review your academic records-or transcript-to see if you are consistently engaged across four years in core academic areas offered at your school including: reading and writing in your national language or English social studies, history, or civics math science foreign language or English We understand that curricula may vary across countries, and some classes may not have been available to you during high school. As part of our comprehensive review process, we take into consideration whether or not specific subjects were offered at your school. We hope that every student who applies to Penn will challenge themselves in high school based on the opportunities offered at their school. Learn more about academics International and National Examinations Since our admission decisions are often made before the announcement of results for many national and international leaving examinations (such as the A Levels, French Baccalaureate, and International Baccalaureate), we anticipate that as an applicant, you are enrolled in programs that prepare for these examinations. If you are enrolled in a program that will not release external examination results prior to our application deadlines, please request that your school send us predictions of external examination results along with your grades. We require and review final examination results before you matriculate to Penn. If national examinations are required for admission to a pre-university program (such as the IGCSE or the SPM), please plan to submit certified copies of your results with your Penn application. We anticipate that your exam results will show high marks indicating a strong academic preparation. Footer Links Join the mailing list Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy NACAC Partnership Agreement