Skip to main content Keyword Search Search Main navigation Academics Academics sub-navigation The Four Schools Exploring Academics Research After Penn Student Life Student Life sub-navigation Residential Life Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Exploring Community Affording Penn Affording Penn sub-navigation Financial Aid How it Works International Aid Understanding Your Costs How to Apply How to Apply sub-navigation First-Year Applicants International Applicants First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied Supporting Your Student Supporting Your Student sub-navigation Families & Supporters Counselors Visit & Connect Visit & Connect sub-navigation Visit Penn Penn Perspectives Meet Penn Admissions Contact Us Ask Breadcrumb Home How To Apply First-Year Applicants Navigate Section Main navigation First-Year Applicants First-Year Applicants sub-navigation Application Requirements Pre-College Credits Homeschool Applicants QuestBridge Student Athletes International Applicants First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied First-Year Applicants Our Application is Now Open! Our application for entry as a first year student in fall 2027 is now available. Early Decision Deadline: November 1, 2026 Regular Decision Deadline: January 5, 2027 Hooray, you're getting ready to apply to college! We're thrilled you're considering Penn. If you're looking for guidance on your application to Penn, the best place to get information is... from us: the people who read and get to know you through your application! You can apply to Penn through the Common App, Coalition App, or through QuestBridge . Apply with Common App Apply with the Coalition Application Penn is one University, but when you submit your application, it will be to one of our four undergraduate schools , or a coordinated dual-degree program. Once you've chosen the school or program you'd like to apply to, there are two ways to apply to Penn: Early Decision or Regular Decision. While the same application is used for both, each have their own deadlines and implications for your application. Applicants are notified of the exact time and date of our decision release at least one week ahead of time so that they can be aware of when to expect their admissions decision. Applying Early Decision If you're confident Penn is the best fit for you, consider applying through Early Decision . Our Early Decision program is binding, meaning that if you are admitted, you are required to accept our offer of admission and enroll at Penn. Our Early Decision application deadline is November 1, 2026, and applicants are notified of our decision in December. Applying Regular Decision Regular Decision If you are still unsure if Penn is the right choice for you, or if you want the ability to compare financial aid packages across all schools to which you are admitted, you should consider applying through the Regular Decision application program. Our Regular Decision application deadline is January 5, 2027, and applicants are notified of our decision in April. Footer Links Join the mailing list Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy NACAC Partnership Agreement