Skip to main content Keyword Search Search Main navigation Academics Academics sub-navigation The Four Schools Exploring Academics Research After Penn Student Life Student Life sub-navigation Residential Life Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Exploring Community Affording Penn Affording Penn sub-navigation Financial Aid How it Works International Aid Understanding Your Costs How to Apply How to Apply sub-navigation First-Year Applicants International Applicants First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied Supporting Your Student Supporting Your Student sub-navigation Families & Supporters Counselors Visit & Connect Visit & Connect sub-navigation Visit Penn Penn Perspectives Meet Penn Admissions Contact Us Ask Breadcrumb Home How To Apply First-Year Applicants Application Requirements Navigate Section Main navigation First-Year Applicants First-Year Applicants sub-navigation Application Requirements Pre-College Credits Homeschool Applicants QuestBridge Student Athletes International Applicants First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied Application Requirements Let's get one thing out of the way: through your application, we're trying to understand who you are as a whole person . That's a big ask. We know there's no way an application could ever show us all of who you are. There is so much to you, and so much you will still discover about yourself! The application shows us representative parts of you, and you get to choose what to share with us! So, what goes into your application to Penn? We've broken down each component for you below! Your application will consist of: Application forms. These are submitted to every school you apply to and include your: General information about you and your family Personal statement Activities section Official high school transcript Letters of recommendation Penn-specific short answer prompts Standardized testing scores All the information that we feel is crucial in arriving at an admission decision is included within these required documents. If your program of choice requires additional materials, it will be clearly indicated while you are applying! If you are interested in applying for financial aid, you'll need to submit a separate financial aid application as well. Financial aid at Penn is need-based, which means our awards are based entirely on financial need, not merit. Your Application Components Application Fee or Fee Waiver Who Submits This: You! Due: When you submit your application The application fee to apply to Penn is $75. If paying the application fee is a significant financial burden for you and your family, please submit an application fee waiver through either your Common App or the Coalition Application in the "fee waiver" section. Learn more about your writing Application Forms Who Submits This: You! Due: November 1 for Early Decision, January 5 for Regular Decision Penn accepts applications from the Common App and Coalition Application . We have no preference for either format and treat both applications equally in our process. We encourage you to review the features of each application format and use the platform that suits you best . You should submit only one application per admissions cycle and not mix-and-match across platforms. Penn is also a proud QuestBridge partner institution and participates in the National College Match program for high-achieving students with significant financial need. We will accept the QuestBridge Application from QuestBridge National College Match Finalists and non-finalists alike in lieu of the Common App or the Coalition Application. We encourage you to learn more about QuestBridge and the National College Match program . These applications will include prompts to share: autobiographical information about you and your family how you spend your time inside and outside of school your accomplishments your personal statement, which is sent to most schools Early Decision Agreement (only if applying Early Decision) Who Submits This: You, your parent or guardian, and your counselor Due: November 1 If you decide to apply through the Early Decision round, you, your parent or guardian, and your counselor will be prompted to sign and submit an Early Decision Agreement form which confirms you will attend Penn if you are admitted. Final Transcript Who Submits This: Your school counselor Due: June If you are accepted and decide to enroll at Penn, you must submit your final transcript for the end of your 12th grade semester in June. Financial Aid Materials (only if applying for Financial Aid) Who Submits This: You and your parent or guardian Due: November 6 for Early Decision, February 1 for Regular Decision To apply for financial aid, you will need to submit a separate application for aid in addition to your application for admission. Here's what you'll need to submit if you are a U.S. citizen or permanent resident: FAFSA CSS Profile Federal Tax Returns If you are not a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, you will need to submit: CSS Profile Tax Return/Earning Statement Learn more about financial aid Letters of Recommendation Who Submits This: Your Recommenders Due: November 1 for Early Decision, January 5 for Regular Decision If you apply to Penn as a first-year or transfer student, you will need to request recommendation letters from two people: your school counselor or college official a teacher in a core subject area (such as math, science, history, English, or foreign language) Optional: another teacher OR supporter in your community who you believe could add a perspective otherwise missing from your application can be submitted as an optional recommendation. You'll need to choose your recommenders and ask them to submit letters for you. It's a good idea to meet with your recommenders well before your college application deadline. Giving them plenty of time ensures they can write a thoughtful and thorough letter! Your counselor or another school official will need to send a Counselor Recommendation on your behalf. You will also need to request a recommendation letter from a teacher. If you'd like, you can submit an optional additional letter of recommendation from a second teacher or a non-academic supporter. Learn more about letters of recommendation Mid-Year Report Who Submits This: Your counselor or other school official Due: February 15 for deferred Early Decision applicants, as soon as mid-year grades are available for Regular Decision applicants Ask your school counselor or another school official to complete and submit your mid-year school report when your grades become available. Your mid-year report should include your grades for the end of your first semester of 12th grade. If you have already completed high school by November/December and we already have your grades, you will not need to submit this. Official High School Transcript and School Report (SR) Who Submits This: Your Counselor Due: November 1 for Early Decision, January 5 for Regular Decision You will need to request that an official transcript is sent by a school counselor or another school official for all high schools you have attended. Your counselor will also need to submit a School Report form (available on the Common App or Coalition Application website). You may need to invite your school counselor or another school official to complete these steps. Learn more about academics Penn-Specific Essays and Short Answers Who Submits This: You! Due: November 1 for Early Decision, January 5 for Regular Decision When answering these prompts, be precise when explaining both why you are applying to Penn and why you have chosen to apply to a specific undergraduate school. Some of our coordinated dual-degree or specialized programs will have additional essays to complete, but the Penn short answer prompts should address your single-degree school choice. Students will be asked to respond to the three following prompts in their application to Penn: Write a short thank-you note to someone you have not yet thanked and would like to acknowledge. (We encourage you to share this note with that person, if possible, and reflect on the experience!) (150-200 words, only required for first-year applicants) How will you explore community at Penn? Consider how Penn will help shape your perspective, and how your experiences and perspective will help shape Penn. (150-200 words) The school-specific prompt is unique to the school to which you are applying. (For example, all applicants applying to the College of Arts and Sciences will respond to a prompt specific to the College of Arts and Sciences). Learn more about writing for your application Standardized Testing Who Submits This: You! Due: November 1 for Early Decision, January 5 for Regular Decision Penn applicants are required to submit the SAT or ACT. Applicants who face hardship in meeting this requirement can submit a waiver directly through the application instead . This applies to both first-year and transfer applicants. You may submit self-reported test scores with your application, but you must send testing scores directly through the testing agency if admitted. Early Decision: Last Test Dates Accepted-October 2026 (ACT) or November 2026 (SAT) Regular Decision: Last Test Dates Accepted-December 2026 (ACT) or December 2026 (SAT) Learn more about testing requirements Integrity in the Application Process When submitting your application, you are asked to acknowledge the following statement: By submitting this application, you are both representing your own integrity and contributing to the integrity of the admissions process in certifying that this application and its contents are factually true, honestly presented, and authentic. Additional application materials sent on your behalf (e.g., transcripts, counselor recommendations, etc.) must be sent by an official or University-approved source. All application materials and contents are subject to audit and verification. Your signature affirms that the work you have written and presented as your own reflects your ideas, your writing, and your own editing. In cases of applicant misrepresentation, including falsifications or deliberate omissions, Penn Admissions reserves the right to deny or rescind admission. This acknowledgement of applicant responsibility for upholding integrity in the admissions process applies to all information submitted to Penn Admissions as part of the admissions process and is important for applicants to keep in mind when submitting their application. Verification Policy All application materials, unless otherwise stated, must be official and sent directly to the University or the University's designated application platform from an official source (e.g., high school), not through an agent or third-party vendor, with the following exceptions: submissions by government and partner organizations and/or submissions by non-profit, community-based organizations when schools are unable to provide this information on behalf of the student. Applicants are required to attest to the accuracy and authenticity of all information and documents submitted to the University of Pennsylvania. Failure to submit complete, accurate, and authentic application documents may result in denial or revocation of admission, cancellation of academic credit, suspension, expulsion, or eventual revocation of degree. Applicants and/or school officials may be required to assist Penn Admissions in the verification of application documents and statements. All applicants to the University of Pennsylvania must confirm on their application that they understand and agree to adhere to the above expectations. Questions about this policy can be directed to Penn Admissions at info@admissions.upenn.edu . Submitting Supporting Documents If sending supporting documents via email, they should be sent to documents@admissions.upenn.edu . If sending supporting documents via mail, they should be sent to: 3535 Market Street, Suite 850 Philadelphia, PA 19104 Footer Links Join the mailing list Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy NACAC Partnership Agreement