Skip to main content Keyword Search Search Main navigation Academics Academics sub-navigation The Four Schools Exploring Academics Research After Penn Student Life Student Life sub-navigation Residential Life Athletics & Recreation Sustainability Exploring Community Affording Penn Affording Penn sub-navigation Financial Aid How it Works International Aid Understanding Your Costs How to Apply How to Apply sub-navigation First-Year Applicants International Applicants First-Generation Applicants Transfer Applicants Preparing Your Application Veteran Applicants Resources & Programs After You've Applied Supporting Your Student Supporting Your Student sub-navigation Families & Supporters Counselors Visit & Connect Visit & Connect sub-navigation Visit Penn Penn Perspectives Meet Penn Admissions Contact Us Ask Breadcrumb Home Affording Penn Understanding Your Costs Navigate Section Main navigation Financial Aid How it Works International Aid Understanding Your Costs Understanding Your Costs Don't let Penn's "sticker price" deter you from applying. Your price is personalized to you! Penn's "cost of attendance" or "sticker price" can be very different from your actual cost. Our no-loan financial aid program helps students and families from a broad range of economic backgrounds. We assess financial need based on much more than just family income, and consider your family's full financial situation. Learn how to estimate your cost and see how affordable Penn can be for you and your family. 46% of undergraduate students received no-loan financial aid in 2023-2024, with an average aid package of $69,990. That's greater than the cost of tuition. - Student Financial Aid What's Penn's Cost of Attendance? Penn's total cost of attendance includes both direct costs that appear on your student bill such as tuition, fees, housing, and dining, and indirect costs that are not billed by Penn, such as books, school supplies, transportation, and an allowance for personal expenses. Learn more about the cost of attendance at Penn. How to Estimate Your Cost You can estimate your aid eligibility by using tools like MyIntuition and Penn's Net Price Calculator. These can give you a general idea of what to expect but are only as accurate and complete as the information you enter. These tools can also be less accurate for families with complex financial situations or atypical assets-like businesses or farms. They are also designed for domestic families reporting income in U.S. dollars. Please note that Penn cannot provide a fully accurate assessment of your aid eligibility until you formally apply through the financial aid and admissions processes and are admitted. MyinTuition The MyinTuition tool will provide you with a ballpark estimate of your net cost to attend Penn based on six simple questions. Please note that this tool currently only works for students from the United States. Net Price Calculator If you have more time and access to more financial records, you can use the Penn Net Price Calculator , which we offer in partnership with the College Board. For the most accurate estimate, you will want to gather both student and parent tax returns, earning statements, bank and investment statements, and records of any untaxed income before beginning. Financial Aid Across Income Levels Students with family incomes less than $75,000* receive financial aid packages guaranteed to cover all billed expenses (tuition and fees, housing, and dining) and receive additional resources to ensure equal access to opportunities on campus. They are also eligible for additional benefits like laptop funding and funding for summer courses as well as summer research and internship experiences. Students with family incomes up to $200,000* who are eligible for aid receive a financial aid package that is guaranteed to cover at minimum full tuition (and often more). *These income levels assume you and your family have typical assets. Typical assets can be defined as having a relative amount in cash and/or savings, checking, and investments. Assets also include home equity (the value of your primary home), other real estate equity owned by your immediate family (secondary to your primary home), and business equity (the value of a business owned by your parents). Support for Low-Income Students Is your family income $75,000 or less (with typical assets)? You may be considered a highly aided student. In partnership with the Penn First Plus office, we are dedicated to ensuring that Penn remains financially accessible for students with the highest financial need. Along with receiving a financial aid package that covers tuition, fees, housing, and dining, you will also have access to additional funding opportunities to cover other college expenses, including: Waived summer savings expectation Dedicated financial aid counselors Health insurance coverage Laptop computer funding Meal programs during the holiday breaks Funding for summer courses Grants for studying abroad International student travel assistance Emergency funding Free academic regalia when you graduate Learn more about support for highly aided students. Footer Links Join the mailing list Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy NACAC Partnership Agreement