www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/ Application Guidelines English Track Program April & September 2027 Bachelor's Degrees (4-year) Majors: - Data Science & AI (BS) -New- Business Economics (BA) - Digital Business & Innovation (BS) - International Relations (BA) TOKYO INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY For First Year Applicants - 1 Admissions Policy Tokyo International University, with its founding spirit of nurturing international-minded individuals who harbor a sense of 'Kotokushin' ('unbiased harmony'), seeks students with the following qualities to join our University: 1) Intelligence: This quality is necessary for further study in our University and for developing character and international perspectives, leading to their ability to flourish in a global environment. • Students possess the intelligence required for academic study after enrollment in our University. • Students have acquired fundamental knowledge and an essential attitude toward learning through their studies and activities in secondary school. • Students have acquired the sufficient ability to study in English (writing, reading, speaking and listening). • Students have acquired sufficient ability to solve problems and analyze topics logically from various perspectives. • Students have recognized their own personality, strengths and weaknesses. 2) Vision: This quality is necessary to further develop the ability to set ambitious goals and work toward achieving them. • Students can explain what they want to study and why. • Students are willing to plan a career path that takes advantage of their personality and personal strengths. • Students have a vision that fits with the School and program to which they are applying. 3) Courage: This quality is necessary to further develop the willingness to take bold action and face new challenges with careful consideration. • Students possess the courage to set high aspirations and challenge new possibilities. • Students accept the diverse values of others as 'individuality' and strive to communicate while deepening mutual understanding. • Students can address difficult issues by collaborating with others. 4) 'Kotokushin' (unbiased harmony): Having a sense of 'Kotokushin' is important for developing a sense of public-mindedness and respect for diversity and humanity. • Students possess a high sense of ethics and responsibility, as well as the ability to control emotions and compulsions. • Students possess the attitude necessary to contribute to society and help enrich the lives of individuals. - 2 Data Science and AI (DSAI) Major The School of Business and Commerce - Data Science and AI Major, in accordance with the University's Admission Policy, particularly seeks students with the following qualities: 1. A positive attitude toward utilizing academic and technical knowledge as well as logical, analytical, and strategic thinking in our globalized world 2. An eagerness to develop thought processes driven by information and technology, and learn how to apply them to marketing, business administration, and public administration Business Economics (BE) Major The School of Economics - Business Economics Major, in accordance with the University's Admission Policy, particularly seeks students with the following qualities: 1. A positive attitude toward utilizing academic and practical knowledge as well as logical, analytical, and strategic thinking while living in our globalized world 2. An eagerness to develop ethical, logical and strategic thought processes and learn how to apply them to business and economics settings Digital Business and Innovation (DBI) Major The School of Economics - Digital Business and Innovation Major, in accordance with the University's Admission Policy, particularly seeks students with the following qualities: 1. A positive attitude toward utilizing academic and technical knowledge as well as logical, analytical, and strategic thinking while living in our globalized world 2. An eagerness to develop ethical, logical and strategic thought processes and learn how to apply them to business and society settings International Relations (IR) Major The School of International Relations, in accordance with the University's Admission Policy, particularly seeks students with the following qualities: 1. A deep interest in international affairs and tackling global issues 2. Understanding of and respect for diversity in culture and values 3. Motivation to acquire practical skills for problem-solving - 3 Contents Page Admissions Flow 4 Overview 1. Application Eligibility 2. Number of Students to be Accepted 3. Choose your Major 4. Admission Schedule 5 9 9 10 How to Apply 1. Register My TIU Page Account 2. Application Fee 3. Complete your Online Application 4. Send Physical Documents 5. Required Physical Documents 6. Screening Process 7. Announcement of Results 11 12 13 16 17 20 20 Tuition and Fees 21 Scholarships 23 How to Enroll 1. Enrollment Procedures 2. Visa Information 25 26 Financial Documents 28 Japan Pre-Entry Tuberculosis Screening (JPETS) 29 Important Notes 30 Frequently Asked Questions(Q&A) 31 Checklist 34 Contact Information & Overseas Offices back - 4 ◆ Admissions Flow Step 1: Before Applying Confirm your application eligibility. Choose your major. Check the application schedule. Step 2: Application Register My TIU Page account (online). 💻💻 www.tiu.ac.jp/apply/bachelor Pay the application fee. Complete your Online Application (My TIU Page). 💻💻 www.tiu.ac.jp/mypage/bachelor Send physical documents to arrive at our office before the deadline (see page 16 for address). Step 3: Screening TIU reviews all completed applications. Step 4: Announcement of Results Confirm your admission and scholarship results on your My TIU Page. If admitted, download the matriculation documents and proceed to Step 5. Step 5: Enrollment Procedures & Visa Pay the enrollment fee by the deadline to formally accept our offer. Submit Certificate of Eligibility (COE) related documents by the deadline. Pay tuition and fees by the deadline. The Immigration Services Agency issues COEs. TIU sends COEs to the admitted students. Apply for a student visa at a Japanese embassy or consulate. Step 6: Departure to Japan Receive information about orientation. Arrive in Japan before the start of the semester. - 5 APPLICATION ELIGIBILITY Applicants must fulfill both Requirement 1 and Requirement 2. Requirement 1: Educational Background Applicants must complete, or be scheduled to complete, one of the following criteria (1 to 5) before the enrollment date at TIU. Failure to submit proof of completion will cause your admission offer to be revoked even after enrollment. 1. Complete a standard national 12-year education from a recognized education system. * Those who skipped a grade or graduated from an accelerated high school program and completed year 12 are also eligible to apply with written proof. * Students who graduated from a country's national curriculum outside of that country are ineligible to apply. For example, Canadian and American diplomas obtained at schools located outside Canada or the United States, respectively, are not accepted. Exceptions may be made if the school has acceptable accreditation (see item 5 below). 2. Complete an education in a country with an 11-year curriculum which has been approved by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) of Japan. The standard curricula of the following countries have been approved: Belarus, Myanmar, Peru, Russia, Sudan, Uzbekistan, Ukraine and Kazakhstan (As of August 21, 2023). 3. Obtain one of the following qualifications: a. International Baccalaureate Diploma *Issued by the International Baccalaureate Organization. *This includes the full IB Diploma only. The IB Certificate or IB course grades from high school solely are not considered an IB Diploma. b. Abitur (issued by Federal Republic of Germany for college entrance) c. Baccalaureate Diploma (issued by the French Republic for college entrance) d. GCE A-Level - International and UK GCE Advanced (A) Level: Submit a minimum of two subjects. - Those with only Advanced Subsidiary (AS) levels are not eligible. - Singapore GCE A-Level: Submit a minimum of three subjects. e. European Baccalaureate Diploma 4. Complete their studies at a Japanese pre-university preparatory institution, a preparatory school outside of Japan for students planning to study in Japan, or a Japanese secondary school. 5. Complete their 12-year education at an international school accredited by WASC (Western Association of Schools and Colleges), CIS (Council of International Schools), ACSI (Association of Christian Schools International), NEASC (New England Association of Schools and Colleges), Cognia, or COBIS (Council of British International Schools). Note that membership in any of the above organizations is not recognized as being accredited. Students from international schools accredited by other organizations may not be eligible. Please contact us to confirm your eligibility. - 6 Other Criteria:  If your education was under a homeschool curriculum, you may need to submit General Educational Development (GED) exam results. Please contact us before applying.  If you have attended a higher education institution, you may be able to apply for a transfer and enroll as a second or third year student. Please obtain the application guidelines for transfer applicants on our website, and then contact us to confirm your eligibility. <Important note> For DBI & DSAI major applicants, Applicants must have completed a mathematics subject during their higher secondary education with officially released grades and submit the relevant transcripts. *Submission of a mathematics transcript is mandatory. How to Apply How to Enroll Fees & Scholarships Important Notes FAQs Overview If you have an educational qualification(s) other than the ones listed above, complete the "Eligibility Check Form" and submit it to etrack-admissions@tiu.ac.jp before the application period begins. You can download the form via this link or find it on our website. http://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/eligibility_verification_form.pdf Note: Eligibility Check - 7 Applicants must demonstrate sufficient linguistic ability to understand lectures in English. Applicants are required to submit one of the following forms of proof of English proficiency and achieve at least the minimum score indicated below. Test Minimum Requirement How to submit 1 IELTS Academic Module (IELTS Indicator accepted) (IELTS One Skill Retake not accepted) Overall 6.0 Upload a score report on the My TIU Page (Hard Copy NOT required) 2 TOEFL (Special Home Edition accepted) (MyBest Score not accepted) 72 (0-120 scale) or 4.0 (1-6 scale) Order a score report at each test organization Institutional Code : 4435 3 Pearson PTE Academic 50 Choose Tokyo International University 4 EIKEN Pre-1st Submit an original official certificate, or upload screenshots of the "Digital Certificate Preview" and the "Digital Certificate Submission" (showing the kana name and shared key) to your My TIU Page 5 TOEIC (Listening & Reading) (Institutional Test and Daily Test not accepted) 780 Submit an original official paper score certificate 6 Duolingo English Test 115 Order a score report at Duolingo Tests 1-6 must have been taken within the past 2 years of the date of application. 7 SAT (Evidence-Based Reading and Writing) 540 Order a score report at each test organization Designated Institution (DI) Code : 7536 8 ACT (ACT English score) 22 The ACT College code: 7941 9 International Baccalaureate (a) English A - Language and Literature (HL, SL) (b) English A Literature (HL, SL) (c) English B (HL) 4 Submit an electronic "Transcript of Results" through the IB Organization. IB candidates currently in high school: Submit predicted grades certified by your school. Note: Final results must be submitted before enrollment. If the score is lower than the minimum requirement, admission to TIU may be revoked. 10 International Baccalaureate English B (SL) 5 11 GCSE - English Language - English Language A - English Language B - English Literature C (4 or above) Submit an original certificate and statement of result issued by the examination board, or a certified copy certified by your school or notary public. Examination results should be issued by Cambridge/Edexcel (UK) or its local branch in Malaysia and Singapore. IGCSE - First Language English - English Literature International GCSE - English Language A - English Language B - English Literature GCE O-Level - English Language Requirement 2: English Proficiency - 8  Useful links for English and standardized tests TOEFL 💻💻 https://www.ets.org/toefl TOEIC 💻💻 https://www.ets.org/toeic IELTS 💻💻 https://takeielts.britishcouncil.org Pearson PTE 💻💻 http://pearsonpte.com Duolingo English Test 💻💻 https://englishtest.duolingo.com/home EIKEN 💻💻 https://www.eiken.or.jp/eiken/en/ SAT 💻💻 https://collegereadiness.collegeboard.org/sat ACT 💻💻 https://global.act.org/content/global/en.html International Baccalaureate 💻💻 www.ibo.org IGCSE Cambridge 💻💻 https://www.cambridgeinternational.org IGCSE Edexcel 💻💻 https://qualifications.pearson.com 12 IGCSE - English as a Second Language B (6 or above) Submit an original certificate and statement of result issued by the examination board, or a certified copy certified by your school or notary public. Examination results should be issued by Cambridge/Edexcel (UK) or its local branch in Malaysia and Singapore. Important  English test certificates will not be returned to applicants under any circumstances.  Results of Institutional Program (IP) tests and Daily Test are NOT accepted (IP tests are held within schools or organizations. These tests are not accepted by universities). English Test Exemption Exemption (Applicants NOT required to submit an English test score): Applicants who have undertaken their official secondary education in the English language for at least 6 years, or higher education for at least 3 years in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Singapore, The United Kingdom, or the United States are NOT required to submit an English test score. Non-Exemption (Applicants who must submit proof of English proficiency): Applicants who do not meet the above exemption criteria, who received their education in English outside the aforementioned countries (including at international schools), or who were educated through homeschooling (regardless of the above criteria) are not eligible for exemption. Overview How to Apply How to Enroll Fees & Scholarships Important Notes FAQs - 9 NUMBER OF STUDENTS TO BE ACCEPTED Major Intake April 2027 September 2027 Data Science and AI 40 40 Business Economics 40 70 Digital Business and Innovation 65 115 International Relations 30 50 CHOOSE YOUR MAJOR The English Track Undergraduate Degree Program offers four majors: 1) Data Science and AI (DSAI) Major -New(Bachelor of Science in Data Science and AI) 2) Business Economics (BE) Major (Bachelor of Arts in Economics) 3) Digital Business and Innovation (DBI) Major （Bachelor of Science in Digital Business and Innovation） 4) International Relations (IR) Major (Bachelor of Arts in International Relations) Please refer to pages 1-2 for the admission policies of each major. For additional details, please see the link below: https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/academics/ COURSE LOCATION The course locations differ by major, as outlined below: BE, DBI, and IR Majors: All E-Track courses are held at Kawagoe Campus during the first semester, and then at Ikebukuro Campus from the second semester onward. DSAI Major: All E-Track courses are held at Kawagoe Campus during the first two years. From the third year onward, courses are held at either Kawagoe Campus or Ikebukuro Campus, depending on the courses taken. Important Applicants must select a first-choice major and are encouraged to indicate second and third choices when applying. If admission to the first-choice major is not possible, an offer may be made for a second or third choice. - 10 ADMISSION SCHEDULE 【April 2027 Intake】Spring Semester Application Procedure Enrollment Procedure Application Start Application Deadline Announcement of Results Payment of Enrollment Fee Submission of Visarelated Documents Payment of Tuition and Fees 1 Jun 17 (Wed), 2026 Jul 1 (Wed), 2026 Aug 3 (Mon), 2026 Aug 21 (Fri), 2026 Nov 6 (Fri), 2026 Sep 11 (Fri), 2026 2 Aug 19 (Wed), 2026 Sep 2 (Wed), 2026 Oct 5 (Mon), 2026 Oct 23 (Fri), 2026 Nov 20 (Fri), 2026 Nov 6 (Fri), 2026 3 Oct 14 (Wed), 2026 Nov 4 (Wed), 2026 Dec 14 (Mon), 2026 Jan 7 (Thu), 2027 【September 2027 Intake】Fall Semester Application Procedure Enrollment Procedure Application Start Application Deadline Announcement of Results Payment of Enrollment Fee Submission of Visarelated Documents Payment of Tuition and Fees 1 Nov 18 (Wed), 2026 Dec 9 (Wed), 2026 Feb 1 (Mon), 2027 Feb 19 (Fri), 2027 Mar 26 (Fri), 2027 Feb 26 (Fri), 2027 2 Jan 27 (Wed), 2027 Feb 17 (Wed), 2027 Mar 29 (Mon), 2027 Apr 16 (Fri), 2027 Apr 23 (Fri), 2027 3 Mar 17 (Wed), 2027 Apr 7 (Wed), 2027 May 17 (Mon), 2027 Jun 1 (Tue), 2027  Applicants must submit their completed online application form via their My TIU Page and all required physical documents, by 5:00 pm (UTC+9 Japan Standard Time) on the date of application deadline. The online form and the physical materials must be received by the E-Track Admissions Center by the deadline. Late materials will not be accepted.  Applicants from Bangladesh, Nepal, and other countries that have had longer wait times for visa issuance are encouraged to apply for the first or second application period of the spring or fall intake, respectively. Applying for the third application period may significantly increase the risk of late visa issuance.  Nationals of Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka, and Pakistan must follow a different payment schedule and are required to pay the full amount of tuition and fees for the entire first year to enroll (see page 22).  All payments must reach TIU's account by the deadline. Overview How to Apply How to Enroll Fees & Scholarships Important Notes FAQs - 11 HOW TO APPLY  Applicants must first register a "My TIU Page" account and pay the application fee before proceeding with their application.  Applicants must then complete and submit an online application on their My TIU Page before the deadline.  Please send the required physical documents by traceable mail and make sure that they arrive at our office by the deadline (see page 16 for the mailing address). Confirm with the courier in advance the amount of time required to deliver and plan accordingly. Please note that we can only accept early arrivals if they are delivered within one week prior to the start of the application period. Also, scan all documents for your records.  TIU may contact the applicant or the issuing entity with questions regarding the contents or authenticity of any submitted documents or information.  In the event TIU finds fraudulent information submitted in any form of communication or omitted important information, admission will be revoked even after enrollment.  Applications are only accepted during an ongoing application period (see page 10).  Applicants who may require special support or resources due to a disability or physical condition should notify the E-Track Admissions Center before applying. This will help the university understand the applicant's needs and determine whether it is possible to provide the required support or resources. Each My TIU Page account is tied to a specific application period. Accounts cannot be used to apply for other application periods or intakes. The following six steps must be completed in sequence to register a My TIU Page account: Step 1: Select your preferred intake, major, and study year (freshman or transfer). Step 2: Agree to TIU's privacy policy. Step 3: Enter your basic information, click on "Send Test Email," and enter the verification code sent to your email address. Step 4: Confirm and finalize your information. IMPORTANT! Your choice of intake, major, and study year cannot be altered beyond this point. Step 5: Pay the application fee (see next page) Step 6: My TIU Page account has been created. The login details will be sent to your email address. From here, you can proceed to filling out your online application.  Progress cannot be saved. All steps, including payment, must be completed to register an account. If you stop halfway, you will need to start over again from step 1.  If paying by credit card, have your credit card ready before starting the registration.  For any future inquiries, please use the same email address used in your My TIU Page. 💻💻 https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/Online_Application_Instructions.pdf 1. Register My TIU Page Account Create My TIU Account www.tiu.ac.jp/apply/bachelor Important Online Application Form Instructions - 12 Please indicate the applicant's name and Web Registration ID in the "sender's" information so we can identify the applicant. Without this information, it may be difficult to link the payment to the applicant. Once the bank transfer is completed, a scanned copy of the bank remittance receipt must be uploaded via your My TIU Page (see next section) before the deadline. Without a copy of the bank remittance receipt, TIU cannot link your payment to your account. Any bank transfer fees must be paid by the applicant. If the payment received is insufficient, the application will not be accepted. In order to avoid any extra fees and/or delays, we highly encourage applicants to use a credit card and pay through our online system. Paying the application fee is required before applicants can proceed with their online application on their My TIU Page. This fee is non-refundable under any circumstances. Application Fee 5,000 JPY *Charged in Japanese yen. During step 4 of the My TIU Page account registration, applicants are required to select the payment method of the application. The method can only be selected once. The following two payment methods are available: 1) Payment by Credit Card (Recommended) TIU recommends using a credit card to pay the screening fee. Debit cards are not accepted. 2) Payment by Bank Transfer (only if no credit card is available) Bank name: Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Branch: Kawagoe Branch Account number: 1282121 Account type: Savings account (futsū kōza 普通口座) SWIFT code: MHCBJPJT Account name: Tokyo International University Bank address: 2- 10-5 Shintomi-cho, Kawagoe, Saitama 350-0043 Japan Amount: 5,000 JPY *Bank remittance to Japan does not require an IBAN code. 2. Application Fee If paying by bank transfer Overview How to Apply How to Enroll Fees & Scholarships Important Notes FAQs - 13  As soon as you have completed the registration of your My TIU Page, a "web registration ID" will be generated and sent to your email address. Please keep this information for your records. In order to log into your My TIU Page, you will need to provide your email address and web registration ID.  Bookmark the link to the "My TIU Page". Once logged in to My TIU Page, click on "Your Application" on the left hand side and proceed to fill out the requested items under "Online Submission Required".  Click on "Edit" to make any changes. All changes must be saved manually.  Completed items will be indicated with a checkbox.  When all required items are complete and you are ready to submit your application, click on "Submit Application" at the bottom of the page.  See below for detailed instructions for each item. Important: You cannot edit your My TIU Page after submitting your application! My TIU Page Item Instructions Basic Information This is the information submitted when you registered your My TIU Page. Please review if all information is correct and exactly the same as shown on your passport. Information can be updated if necessary. Upload Bank Transfer Receipt if applicable *Only displayed if you selected Bank Transfer as a payment method. Upload a scan or photo of the receipt of the bank transfer. Allowed file types: JPEG, PDF or PNG (under 2 MB in size) Educational Background List all schools attended and the school you are currently attending (if any) in chronological order (from top to bottom/ from the first grade of elementary school to the most recent school). Make sure you input all information accurately, including the full school name, category, location, attendance period, and language of instruction. This applies to all students, including those who have dropped out, regardless of the length of enrollment. In the event TIU finds fraudulent information submitted or omitted important information, admission will be revoked even after enrollment. Score Information Provide the details of your English proficiency, matching the eligibility requirements specified on pages 7-8, and upload a copy of your test report (unless exempted). Allowed file types: JPEG, PDF or PNG (under 2 MB in size) If you have received any of the qualifications listed under "Special Academic Qualifications", such as IB, GCE, ACT, or SAT, check off your qualification on the list accordingly. 3. Complete your Online Application (My TIU Page) Log into My TIU Page www.tiu.ac.jp/mypage/bachelor - 14 Statement of Purpose Read the Admission Policy on pages 1-2. Address the following points in your essay, showing how you exemplify the four qualities in the Admission Policy (intelligence, vision, courage, and 'kotokushin'). The structure of your essay is up to you, but your points should be presented in a logical manner. Write in English (450 to 600 words). Ensure that your essay is compliant with TIU's Plagiarism Policy on page 30. ・How studying at TIU in your selected major will help you achieve your future goals ・Example(s) of past achievement(s), and how they will translate to success at TIU Upload Photo Source：Immigration Services Agency HP Upload a passport-style photo. This photo will be used for your application, and your TIU student ID. The photo must:  be taken within the last 3 months  feature a portrait view from above the chest  feature a plain background  not include a hat or cap. Religious headgear is allowed, but make sure that it is not covering your face. Detailed specifications for photos can be found here: 💻💻 https://www.moj.go.jp/isa/applications/guide/photo_info.html?hl=en Allowed file types: JPEG or PNG (under 2 MB in size) File resolution: 520 (width) x 656 (height) pixels or larger Passport / Residence Card if applicable ・Upload a copy of your latest passport information page, including the machine-readable zone, which shows your photo, full name, passport number, etc. ・Please input your name in the same order as shown in your passport in capital (uppercase) letters. (Example: SMITH DAVID JOHN) ・Applicants who do not have a valid passport, or who are renewing their passport at the time of application, are still eligible to apply. However, a new passport must be issued before the submission deadline of visa-related documents. ・If there is an amendment in your passport, such as added or altered names, submit a copy of the endorsement or alterations page showing this information. ・Holders of a Japanese Residence Card (zairyū card) are also required to upload a copy of both sides of the card. Allowed file types: JPEG, PDF or PNG (under 2 MB in size) Overview How to Apply How to Enroll Fees & Scholarships Important Notes FAQs - 15 Answer the question about your visa/COE application history. "Have you ever applied for a Japanese visa/COE and had your application rejected?" (a) I am a Japanese national and I do not need a Japanese visa. (b) I have never been to Japan and have never applied for a Japanese visa/COE for work or long-term stay. (c) I have only visited Japan as a tourist and have never applied for a Japanese visa/COE for work or long-term stay. (d) I successfully received a Japanese visa/COE for work or long-term stay in the past (not as a tourist, but as a student, worker, dependent, or other status requiring a long-term stay visa). (Select this even if you did not actually come to Japan after successfully receiving the visa/COE.) (e) I have withdrawn my COE application in the past. (f) I applied for a Japanese visa/COE in the past and my application was rejected by the Immigration Bureau / Japanese Embassy. (If you select this, contact TIU immediately to explain your situation.) Note: If you have ever had a COE or visa application rejected, a visa renewal denied, your visa revoked by the Japanese Immigration Bureau or Embassy, or have been deported or left Japan or any other country under a departure order, you must select (f), even if a later application was approved. Applicants from Uzbekistan ・Applicants must have Burgundy colored passport (New international passport) to enter Japan. Please obtain one of these passports as soon as possible if you do not have one. Financial Documents Upload both 1) and 2). Please refer to page 28 for details. 1) Statement of Financial Support 2) Official Bank Statement of the financial supporter Tuition Reduction Scholarship Application Form All applicants are required to declare if they wish to apply for the TIU tuition reduction scholarship by selecting 'YES' or 'NO'. If you selected 'YES', state your reason for applying to the scholarship (up to 100 words). If you selected 'NO', you will not be considered for the TIU tuition reduction scholarship. This is your only opportunity to apply for this scholarship. Other Scholarships if applicable Please enter the name of the scholarship(s) you have already received or are confirmed to receive upon enrollment if admitted. Extracurricular Activities (Up to 3) if available If you have participated in extracurricular activities (student council, volunteer work, sports competitions, language proficiency etc.), upload proof of no more than 3 items which clearly prove your participation (e.g. awards, testimonials, etc.). Upload o nly. Do not enclose copies or originals together with the envelope of physical documents you put in the mail! Activities before high school grade 10 or conducted within the school curriculum will not be considered. Translations by applicants themselves are accepted as proof of extracurricular activities. Allowed file types: JPEG, PDF or PNG (under 2 MB in size) *If you experience any issues when uploading files to our system, email them to the E-Track Admissions Center. - 16 All physical materials must be r eceived by the E-Track Admissions Center by the deadline. Late materials will not be accepted. TIU requires th e physical submission of certain certified documents (unless otherwise specified). Prepare items A to I listed in the table on pages from 17 to 20, and send them to the address at the bottom of this page: Documents brought in person will not be accepted. 4. Send Physical Documents E-Track Admissions Center Tokyo International University 4-42-31 Higashi-Ikebukuro Toshima, Tokyo 170-0013 JAPAN +81-3-5950-6343 This phone number is for mailing purposes only. Inquiries cannot be handled by phone through this number. Address Overview How to Apply How to Enroll Fees & Scholarships Important Notes FAQs * If you live in Indonesia, Thailand, or Vietnam, you can submit your documents to our local offices. Please refer to the addresses on the back of this booklet. If you do not live in these countries, you must send your documents by post to the E-track Admissions Center in Japan Before you send the documents, please read Please scan all documents for your records. If you are sending documents from outside of Japan, use a traceable international courier service (e.g., DHL, EMS, FedEx). If you are sending domestically in Japan, use the Simplified Registered Mail (kan'i kakitome 簡易書留) service from Japan Post. In both cases, keep the tracking number with you. On the surface of your post (envelope, parcel, or package), write your name in English and Web ID numbers clearly and legibly. TIU will not respond to inquiries about the arrival of application documents. Applicants should verify the status of their parcel using the tracking number provided by their postal service for registered mail or international shipments. How to submit Applicants must submit a certified true copy of the originally issued document so that they can retain the original unless otherwise specified in the application guidelines. "Certified true copy" means that the document was affixed with an official wet seal by the issuing institution or a notary public. Digital stamps are not acceptable. Only documents that are distinctly dated, signed, and explicitly state "certified true copies of the original" will be accepted. Any document lacking a date or signature will not be considered valid. 【MUST READ】Instructions on How to Make a Certified True Copy: https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/certified_copies.pdf All documents must be written in English or Japanese. If your documents are in a different language, a translation is required. The translations must be provided by a school official, an official agency such as an embassy or consulate, or a licensed translator. The translated documents must be the originals and should bear an official wet seal from the translator's institution. Additionally, a certified copy of the original language version must always be submitted alongside the translated documents. TIU does NOT consider photocopies or scanned files as a "certified true copy". TIU does NOT accept QR code authentication. TIU does NOT accept original documents that cannot be reissued. TIU will NOT return any submitted documents, regardless of the document type. This means that original documents will not be returned even if submitted by mistake. - 17 Item Documents to submit Details A Proof of English proficiency Proof of English Proficiency if you took TOEIC or EIKEN (see page 7) No institutional program (IP) and Daily Test results are accepted. B Official transcript (School report, Mark sheet) An official transcript from secondary school must be submitted, showing all courses taken, grades received, and the grading scheme. The transcript must be in a certified format, officially verified by the issuing institution or a notary public, and include an official wet seal. 1) High school graduates must submit the final 3 years of their secondary education. 2) Current high school students must submit their mid-term grades for their final year and transcripts for the 2 years prior to the last year of school. 3) Transcripts from any higher education institution attended (e.g., university, college, or vocational school etc.) must also be submitted in addition to transcripts from secondary education. (The same applies to students who withdrew before graduating, regardless of the length of enrollment.) 4) TIU accepts transcripts sent digitally as long as they are sent from the applicant's institution through Parchment: 💻💻 http://www.parchment.com 5) Applicants who studied abroad during secondary school must submit official transcripts from their host institution under the following conditions: Outside Japan: Required only if the grades are not included in the home school's transcript. Within Japan: Required for all applicants, regardless of the duration of study. For further details, please refer to Section "G" on page 19. [NOTE] Transcripts must bear an original wet stamp from the host institution; certifications by the home school are not accepted. 6) Applicants who transferred schools during secondary school must submit official transcripts from each institution attended. Each transcript must bear the official certification stamp of the issuing institution. Transcripts cannot be certified by a different school. Important: Applicants for the DSAI or DBI program must have completed the required math subjects (see page 6). Note: Submission of transcripts via email is NOT acceptable, even from the school's official email address. Applicants with CBSE / ISC / Higher Secondary State Boards Current high school students who will complete an Indian high school curriculum (CBSE / ISC / Higher Secondary State Boards) must submit their CBSE Class 12 predicted grades and their CBSE Class 10 official results. Applicants with Uzbekistan, Ukraine, or Kazakhstan curriculum Students who will complete the 11-year curriculum in Uzbekistan, Ukraine or Kazakhstan must submit the 'tabel' transcripts for years 9, 10, and 11 listing each course and their respective scores. Applicants who have already completed year 11 must submit the tabel transcripts for years 9, 10, and 11 as well as Supplement 11. Please note that some high schools may not automatically issue transcripts unless they are specifically requested. 5. Required Physical Documents - 18 C Certificate of graduation (high school) Applicants must submit an official Certificate proving they meet one of the admission requirements on pages 5-6: (a) National curriculum graduates need a government-issued national certificate of graduation. (b) Those under Item 3 must provide an official certificate from the Examination Board (e.g., IB Diploma, GCE ALevel). (c) Applicants under Item 4 must submit a completion certificate for the University Preparatory Course. (d) Applicants under Item 5 need an official school graduation certificate.  Applicants who are currently attending high school may submit their certificates later, before enrolling at TIU. Failure to submit the required documentation will result in the revocation of your admission offer, even after enrollment.  Even if the transcript indicates the date of graduation, the official certificate still needs to be submitted.  Applicants who graduated early or skipped a grade must provide an official document from their school certifying this. Applicants from China All applicants who completed or will complete the national curriculum at a high school in China must submit the Graduation Certificate (毕业证书) with their ID photo issued by the provincial, city, or district government (not the certificate issued by the school). D Letter of recommendation A letter of recommendation signed by a teacher, professor, academic advisor, or school official of your most recently attended secondary school or higher education institution must be submitted. We accept recommendation letters from language schools in Japan, but not from ones outside Japan. It must:  be physically signed and dated by the reference.  show the reference's contact information. (institution name, telephone number, and email address) Important:  If your reference has an official school domain email address, send a scanned copy of the letter from that address to etrackadmissions@tiu.ac.jp. *Non-school email addresses like @gmail or @outlook are not accepted. *Applicant's name must be included in the subject line.  If your reference does not have an official school domain email address, the original letter must be sent by postal mail.  If the letter is from a teacher who is currently employed at another institution, or who has retired but taught the applicant while at the school, it must indicate that the teacher previously worked at the applicant's school. In addition, the original letter must be submitted. Download a sample recommendation letter template here: 💻💻 https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/admissions/downloads.html How to Apply How to Enroll Fees & Scholarships Overview Important Notes FAQs - 19 E National Examination results Applicants who have taken an official national examination for secondary education (e.g. CBSE Abitur, Baccalaureate, Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE), HUIKAO or 普通高中学業水平考試 etc.) are required to submit official test scores and diploma issued by the examination board in addition to their school transcripts. F Standardized test results Applicants who have taken the following exams must submit their official results for each exam. Those who have not taken any of these exams may still apply, provided they meet the requirements outlined on pages 5-8. International Baccalaureate (IB) IB certificate/diploma holders: Submit an electronic "Transcript of Results" directly to TIU through the International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO). IB candidates currently in high school: Submit the IB predicted grades issued by their school. GCE A-Levels Submit the Statement of Results and Certificates issued by the respective examination board for each exam taken. A-Level candidates currently in high school: Submit ALevel predicted grades issued by their school, if their final results have not been released at the time of application. Note: Applicants taking the exam as private candidates may not apply with predicted grades. GCE Advanced Subsidiary (AS) Levels Submit the Statement of Results and Certificates issued by the respective examination board for each exam taken. GCE O-Levels / IGCSE Submit the Statement of Results and Certificates issued by the respective examination board for each exam taken. GED Submit an official GED certificate and transcript directly to TIU in digital format via Parchment (http://www.parchment.com). SAT Submit their score reports directly to TIU through the College Board. Designated institute code:7536 ACT Submit their score reports directly to TIU through the ACT. ACT College code: 7941 EJU Submit the following two items to etrackadmissions@tiu.ac.jp. 1) Digital copy of the Score Confirmation Report 2) Examination Registration Number G Documents from school in Japan Applicants who have been or are currently enrolled in a school in Japan (e.g., university, college, language school, or vocational school, etc.) on a student visa must obtain and submit the following documents in a sealed envelope from each institution. This applies to ALL SCHOOLS attended, regardless of enrollment duration. 1) Certificate of (expected) Graduation 2) Transcript 3) Document showing the attendance rate at the school (shussekiritsu shōmeisho) 4) Certificate of Withdrawal *Only if you have withdrawn from the school - 20 H Proof of scholarships from other organizations if applicable Applicants who will receive scholarships offered by organizations other than TIU after their admission are required to submit proof of the scholarships (e.g., the CSN offered by the Swedish government, or other governmental financial aid from their home countries). I Proof of relationship with your sibling if applicable Your enrollment fee will be halved from 250,000 JPY to 125,000 JPY if you have a sibling who is currently attending TIU or graduated from TIU. If he/she is currently attending TIU, submit a copy of their TIU student ID card and official proof of your relationship. If he/she graduated, submit a copy of their proof of graduation from TIU and official proof of your relationship. Please note that this is your only opportunity to apply for this reduction and all the required documents must be submitted by the application deadline.  Incomplete or missing documents or late arrival of documents will not be accepted and will not be reviewed.  TIU will make a comprehensive evaluation based on all documents submitted by the deadline.  Screening is performed both for admissions and scholarships simultaneously. There is no need for an interview unless otherwise requested by TIU.  If necessary, the applicant's school or recommendation letter references may be contacted for further information. Applicants and their schools may also be contacted in the event that clarification is needed in regards to the submitted documents.  Communication will be handled primarily via email and messages on the My TIU Page, so applicants must check their email accounts on a regular basis.  Once the application period is closed, application numbers will be assigned to all applicants who submitted their online applications. You will receive a notice by email when your application number has been issued. You can confirm your application number on your My TIU Page by clicking on the 'Application Number' tab on the left hand side. Please contact the E-Track Admissions Center if you have not been issued an application number, even after submitting your application on your My TIU Page and sending in your documents. Applicants can confirm their admission and scholarship results through their My TIU Page from 10:00 a.m. (UTC+9 Japan Standard Time) on the scheduled date for announcement of results (see page 10). First, log in to the My TIU Page by entering your email address and web registration ID. After logging in, click on 'Examination result announcement' on the left hand side. TIU does not disclose your admission and scholarship results via email or telephone. Accepted applicants will be able to download an acceptance letter, an invoice, and other documents required for enrollment from the My TIU Page. Please refer to page 25 for more information about the enrollment procedure. 7. Announcement of Results Important  Your acceptance offer is valid only for the application period you applied for.  You cannot defer or delay your university admission to another semester.  The admission and scholarship results are final with no option to appeal.  Rejected applicants and admitted applicants who withdraw cannot re-apply for the same semester intake, but can apply for later semester intakes. Applicants whose applications were not reviewed due to incomplete, missing, or late documents may apply again for the next application period of the same intake. In both cases, the application fee must be paid again, and a new online application must be completed and submitted. In addition, all required physical documents must be submitted again.  TIU is unable to disclose the reason for rejection, even when asked. 6. Screening Process How to Apply Fees & Scholarships How to Enroll Important Notes FAQs Overview - 21 All amounts in Japanese Yen (JPY) TUITION AND FEES If admitted, you must pay all fees by their respective deadlines (page 10 or 22), or admission will be revoked. It is permissible to pay all fees at the same time by the enrollment fee deadline. All fees must be paid in Japanese Yen via bank transfer. Payments in installments are not accepted. There are three education-related fees at TIU.  TIU Tuition and Fees for 1st Year Students Enrolling in 2027 1 Enrollment Fee (one time) ¥250,000 Scholarship Major 1st Year Subsequent Years Semester Amount Annual Amount Semester Amount Annual Amount 2 Tuition 0% BE/IR ¥550,000 ¥1,100,000 ¥650,000 ¥1,300,000 DBI ¥650,000 ¥1,300,000 ¥750,000 ¥1,500,000 DSAI ¥700,000 ¥1,400,000 ¥800,000 ¥1,600,000 30% BE/IR ¥385,000 ¥770,000 ¥455,000 ¥910,000 DBI ¥455,000 ¥910,000 ¥525,000 ¥1,050,000 DSAI ¥490,000 ¥980,000 ¥560,000 ¥1,120,000 50% BE/IR ¥275,000 ¥550,000 ¥325,000 ¥650,000 DBI ¥325,000 ¥650,000 ¥375,000 ¥750,000 DSAI ¥350,000 ¥700,000 ¥400,000 ¥800,000 80% BE/IR ¥110,000 ¥220,000 ¥130,000 ¥260,000 DBI ¥130,000 ¥260,000 ¥150,000 ¥300,000 DSAI ¥140,000 ¥280,000 ¥160,000 ¥320,000 100% All ¥0 ¥0 ¥0 ¥0 3 Operations Fee (every year) ¥160,000 ¥320,000 ¥160,000 ¥320,000  A one-time 40,000 JPY Alumni Association fee will be added to the first tuition and fees invoice.  Tuition and fees do not include accommodations. Dormitory fees will be charged separately for students who choose to stay in the dormitory during the first semester.  If you have a brother or sister who is attending (or has graduated from) TIU, OR if two siblings plan to enroll at the same time, TIU will grant a 50% reduction of the enrollment fee for the second person enrolling only if all the required documents (see page 20-I) are submitted by the application deadline. Please contact the E-Track Admissions Center for further instructions.  Tuition and fees are subject to revision in subsequent academic years due to inflation or other factors. Tuition Reduction Rate Major 0% 30% 50% 80% 100% 4-Year Total Tuition and Fees (1＋2＋3 combined) BE / IR ¥6,530,000 ¥5,030,000 ¥4,030,000 ¥2,530,000 ¥1,530,000 DBI ¥7,330,000 ¥5,590,000 ¥4,430,000 ¥2,690,000 ¥1,530,000 DSAI ¥7,730,000 ¥5,870,000 ¥4,630,000 ¥2,770,000 ¥1,530,000 1) Enrollment fee: One-time non-refundable fee required to secure your place at TIU 2) Tuition: Paid on a semester basis* 3) Operations fee: Paid on a semester basis*. This fee is utilized for the upkeep and maintenance of university facilities. *: Applicants from certain countries follow an annual payment schedule. Please see page 22. 4 -Year Total Tuition and Fees - 22 Payment Deadlines Prior to Enrollment Payment Deadlines for Subsequent Semesters For subsequent semesters, students are required to pay the tuition and operations fee by means of automatic withdrawal from a bank account in Japan. Payments in installments are not accepted. All fees must be paid via bank transfer. Other methods are not accepted. The required amount needs to be deposited in a domestic account before the following withdrawal dates: Application Period Payment of Enrollment Fee Payment of Tuition and Fees April 2027 Intake 1 Jun 17 - Jul 1, 2026 Aug 21, 2026 Sep 11, 2026 2 Aug 19- Sep 2, 2026 Oct 23, 2026 Nov 6, 2026 3 Oct 14 - Nov 4, 2026 Jan 7, 2027 September 2027 Intake 1 Nov 18 - Dec 9, 2026 Feb 19, 2027 Feb 26, 2027 2 Jan 27 - Feb 17, 2027 Apr 16, 2027 Apr 23, 2027 3 Mar 17 - Apr 7, 2027 Jun 1, 2027 Applicants from Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka & Pakistan ■ Advance Payment for Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka and Pakistan 【Tuition and Fees】 Applicants of the above nationalities must pay the full amount of tuition and fees for the entire first year of study before applying for a COE. Tuition and fees may be paid per semester from the third semester onward. Students of the above nationalities must also be prepared to submit the required financial documents for the COE application. See the separate "visa information" document for details: 💻💻 https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/visa_information.pdf TIU will inform the students to whom the advance payment of fees rule applies on the results announcement day. Payment Due Dates: Application Period Payment of Enrollment Fee Payment of Tuition and Fees April 2027 Intake 1 Jun 17 - Jul 1, 2026 Aug 21, 2026 Sep 11, 2026 2 Aug 19- Sep 2, 2026 Oct 23, 2026 Nov 6, 2026 3 Oct 14 - Nov 4, 2026 Jan 7, 2027 September 2027 Intake 1 Nov 18 - Dec 9, 2026 Feb 19, 2027 Feb 26, 2027 2 Jan 27 - Feb 17, 2027 Apr 16, 2027 Apr 23, 2027 3 Mar 17 - Apr 7, 2027 Jun 1, 2027 【Accommodation Fee】 Students from the above mentioned group of nationalities who will stay at the dormitories are also required to pay the accommodation fee for one full semester up front. The amount to pay ranges from approximately 151,000 JPY to 250,500 JPY (subject to change). The exact amount will be communicated once dormitory room types have been assigned. Spring Semester Mid-May Fall Semester Mid-October Overview How to Apply Fees & Scholarships How to Enroll Important Notes FAQs - 23 SCHOLARSHIPS We offer the TIU Tuition Reduction Scholarship and the TIU Model United Nations (MUN) Scholarship.  Applicants who are awarded this scholarship will have their enrollment fee of 250,000 yen waived.  Anyone meeting the criteria is eligible to apply for the MUN Scholarship.  Applicants for this scholarship may also apply for the TIU Tuition Reduction Scholarship. Criteria:  Must have previous experience in Model United Nations.  Choose International Relations as your first-choice major when applying to the TIU E-track program as a freshman.  Join and be an active member of the TIU MUN team for at least 1 year of their first 2 years as a student.  Submit documentation that attests to your experience in MUN. For example: certificate(s) of participation or a signed letter from your high school. Application Process:  Contact our admissions team with your Web Registration ID to receive the official application form with your MUN Scholarship application number on it. (etrack-admissions@tiu.ac.jp)  Fill out the form, answer the essay questions and return the form along with the proof of your experience with MUN to our office by the application deadline.  Applicants who are awarded this scholarship will have their tuition fee reduced by 30%, 50%, 80% or 100%. The reduction will not be applied to the enrollment fee, operations fee, or alumni association fee. Criteria:  Anyone, including Japanese nationals, applying to the English Track Program is eligible to apply for the TIU Tuition Reduction Scholarship at the time of application. Application Process:  To apply for the TIU tuition reduction scholarship, see the instructions under "Tuition Reduction Scholarship Application Form" on page 15.  Scholarship results are announced on the same day as the admission results.  Successful scholarship applicants and their rate of tuition reduction are decided based on a comprehensive evaluation of all documents and information submitted, including the statement of purpose, official transcripts, letter of recommendation, English proficiency score, the Tuition Reduction Scholarship Application Form, and uploaded proof of extracurricular activities.  The scholarship will remain valid up to 4 years under the condition that the recipient maintains the necessary GPA, earns enough credits, and complies with TIU's behavioral expectations. Annual Reduced Amount with TIU Scholarship for 1st Year Students Enrolling in 2027 Scholarship 30% 50% 80% 100% 1st year BE/IR 330,000 550,000 880,000 1,100,000 DBI 390,000 650,000 1,040,000 1,300,000 DSAI 420,000 700,000 1,120,000 1,400,000 Subsequent Years BE/IR 390,000 650,000 1,040,000 1,300,000 DBI 450,000 750,000 1,200,000 1,500,000 DSAI 480,000 800,000 1,280,000 1,600,000 All amounts in Japanese Yen. TIU Tuition Reduction Scholarship TIU Model United Nations (MUN) Scholarship - 24  JASSO Monbukagakusho Honors Scholarship for Privately-Financed International Students Pre-arrival Admission One of the most commonly applied for scholarships by students enrolling at TIU is the "Monbukagakusho Honors Scholarship for Privately-Financed International Students Prearrival Admission (University Recommenders)" offered by the government affiliated Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO). TIU will provide information to admitted students on how to apply for this scholarship with TIU's recommendation. We will post information regarding the JASSO Scholarship application on My TIU Page at the end of January for spring enrollment, and at the end of June for fall enrollment. For more details, please refer to the following website: 💻💻 https://www.jasso.go.jp/en/study_j/scholarships/shoureihi/tonichimaeyoyaku.html JASSO scholarship candidates: failure to register with the IEO in person at TIU campus by the deadline in the first month of the first semester will result in loss of this scholarship.  Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship (Undergraduate) TIU does not accept the Japanese Government (MEXT) Scholarship for undergraduate degree programs.  Other Public / Private Scholarships Available after Enrollment (Japan) There are several other scholarships offered by public or private organizations in Japan. The Japan Student Services Organization (JASSO) provides a list of public and private scholarship programs for international students. For more details, please refer to the following website: 💻💻 https://www.studyinjapan.go.jp/en/planning/by-style/pamphlet/ Applications for some of these scholarships are accepted by TIU after enrollment. Please note that each scholarship has its own requirements which must be met, such as language proficiency, nationality and/or visa type. The requirements may not be the same as TIU's own application requirements. Applicants who have been awarded with a scholarship are required to inform TIU and submit proof as soon as it becomes available.  Scholarships and Financial Aid Offered by Foreign Organizations Students may be eligible for scholarships or financial aid offered by public or private organizations in their current country of residence. Currently, TIU students can receive financial aid provided by their home country's organizations such as CSN (offered by the Swedish government). Students must apply for these scholarships or benefits on their own. If you are a recipient of any such scholarships, please submit a document to TIU to prove your entitlement as soon as it becomes available. *GI BILL: TIU does not accept the GI Bill.  Scholarships can ease students' financial burden. However, financial support, either your own savings or a financial supporter's income, is still necessary to live and study in Japan. The 'Student Guide to Japan', published by JASSO, includes a section on "Expenses" which may help you understand more about the cost of living in Japan: 💻💻 https://www.jasso.go.jp/en/study_j/sgtj.html Other Scholarships Overview How to Apply Fees & Scholarships How to Enroll Important Notes FAQs Living Cost in Japan - 25 💻💻 ENROLLMENT PROCEDURES You must pay the enrollment fee, the operations fee, the tuition fee and alumni association fee in order to complete your enrollment procedures. 💻💻 https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/Enrollment_Instructions.pdf  An enrollment packet, including an invoice for enrollment and other related fees as well as a certificate of acceptance, will become available on the My TIU Page of admitted applicants.  First, admitted applicants must secure their places at TIU by paying the enrollment fee and submitting all required visa documents by the deadlines.  Next, the tuition and operations fees for the first semester must also be paid by their designated deadlines (see page 10). Nationals of Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka and Pakistan are required to pay the full amount of tuition and fees for the entire first year to enroll (see page 22). Failure to complete payments by their deadlines will cause your admission offer to be revoked.  Finally, other enrollment documents must be downloaded from the My TIU Page, completed, and submitted by the deadline.  TIU will not refund the enrollment fee under any circumstances.  The Certificate of Eligibility will be issued by the Immigration Services Agency of Japan and the visa will be issued by the Japanese Embassy or Consulate-General that has jurisdiction over the applicant's domicile. TIU will not take any responsibility in the rare event that these documents are not granted.  All E-Track students must obtain their own laptop computers before enrollment. Guidance on minimum specifications may be provided separately during enrollment procedures.  E-Track Admissions Center For questions about paying your tuition and fees, withdrawal from admission, proof of graduation.  etrack-admissions@tiu.ac.jp  International Exchange Office (IEO) For questions about COE (visa), scholarships, housing, student life, etc. Inquiry Form (IEO): https://forms.gle/teF7D6v57U1W2oBA6  E-Track Academic Affairs Office (EAAO) For questions about academic matters such as credit transfer, registration for classes, academic calendar. Inquiry Form (EAAO): https://forms.gle/FNyVursJR5D88Hnh8 Please make sure to include your Application Number whenever you communicate with TIU (refer to 'Screening Process' on page 20 on how to confirm your Application Number). Inquiries AFTER you have been admitted Enrollment Instructions - 26 Important Even if you have completed all enrollment procedures or have enrolled, your admission to TIU will be revoked in any of the following cases.  We discover you provided fake documentation and/or false information.  You receive the "Notice of not granting COE" from the Immigration Services Agency (COE non-issuance).  You do not obtain a COE by 3 business days prior to the date of the matriculation ceremony.  You do not obtain a visa at the Japanese Embassy or Consulate General.  You fail to obtain a new visa (residence card) (for visa holders with a residence card who are already residing in Japan at the time of application). If your admission to TIU is revoked;  The enrollment fee remains non-refundable.  After enrollment, tuition and fees will also be non-refundable. VISA INFORMATION The International Exchange Office (IEO) at TIU will be your point of contact for COE and visa procedures. International students who do not have a resident, diplomat, official, dependent, or spousal visa must acquire a student visa to attend university in Japan. For all international students, entering Japan or enrolling at TIU with Temporary visitor visa (Tourist visa) is prohibited.  Admitted students' visa applications will be processed by TIU's International Exchange Office or by an administrative scrivener office in Japan with whom TIU partners.  To obtain a student visa while residing outside of Japan, students must first apply for a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) by submitting necessary documents to TIU or an administrative scrivener office by the deadline.  Applicants whose nationalities are of Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka, or Pakistan must also submit additional financial documents. Please check the "Visa information" for details. 💻💻 https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/visa_information.pdf  TIU or an administrative scrivener office will submit the COE application documents to the Japanese Immigration Services Agency on behalf of admitted students if all required documents are submitted to TIU by the deadlines and payment of the enrollment fee is confirmed by TIU.  Only the Japanese government's immigration authorities can issue a COE and visa. The COE is issued by the Japanese Immigration Services Agency, and the student visa is issued by the Japanese Embassy or Consulate General. TIU cannot be held responsible if either of these is not issued.  The residence status of "Designated Activities" (Tokutei Katsudo) granted during the refugee status application process is not accepted as a valid status for enrollment.  If you have ever had a COE or visa application rejected, a visa renewal denied, your visa revoked by the Japanese Immigration Bureau or Embassy, or have been deported or left Japan or any other country under a departure order, you must inform TIU of this fact when applying for admission. Overview How to Apply Fees & Scholarships How to Enroll FAQs  Applicants from Bangladesh, Nepal and other countries that have had longer wait times for visa issuance are encouraged to apply for the first or second application period of the spring or fall intake, respectively. Applying for the third application period may significantly increase the risk of late visa issuance. Note Important Notes - 27  If you do not have a passport at the time of application, prepare one as soon as possible.  Please do not purchase your flight ticket until you receive your COE.  If you stay in Japan illegally, you will face a high risk of being arrested by authorities, which may result in deportation. Notes and Warning Student Visa (COE) Application Process STEP 1: The first set of instructions for the COE will be sent to students' email addresses. This email may come from the IEO or one of the scrivener offices. If you have any questions about the process, please read the email first and then contact the party that is handling your COE application (either the IEO or scrivener office). STEP 2: Submit all required documents to either the IEO or one of the scrivener offices as a direct reply to the email message from the party that is handling your COE application (step 1). Inaccurate information or discrepancies in the documents may result in the rejection of your COE application. STEP 3: The IEO or scrivener office will apply for your COE on your behalf once TIU has confirmed your enrollment fee payment. It usually takes about 6-12 weeks for the COE to be issued. The Immigration Services Agency's official document states that it takes 2-3 months for the COE to be issued, so keep the deadline specified by TIU. STEP 4: Receive your issued COE. Once your COE has been issued, we will send it to you by e-mail. STEP 5: Upon receiving your COE, take the COE to the Japanese embassy/consulate that has jurisdiction over your domicile in order to apply for your visa. Holder of residence status in Japan (a) Student visa holder  If you have a gap of more than 3 months between graduation from your current school and entering TIU, you must return to your home country once and apply for your COE and visa in your country.  I f the time of entering TIU is within 3 months of graduation from your current school, you are required to visit the Immigration Services Agency and confirm whether you can keep your current student visa (Residence card) to enroll in TIU on your own. If you are asked to re-apply for a new student visa, please contact the IEO immediately.  Regardless of the date of expiration stated on your residence card, your student visa and permission to work part-time will expire upon course completion and leaving your current school.  Even if you have obtained permission for part -time work, you are not allowed to work before your official enrollment date at TIU. For students admitted for the Spring Semester, the enrollment date is April 1 . For students admitted for the Fall Semester, the enrollment date is September 1. Other visa holder If your visa expires before enrollment to TIU, you are required to visit the Immigration Services Agency and extend your visa on your own. Applications are accepted 3 months prior to the date of expiration. - 28 Financial Documents To ensure a stable student life, applicants must prove that sufficient funds are or will be available from a reliable financial source. Please refer to the instructions for details via the link: 💻💻 https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/how_to_fill_in_the_statement_of_financial_support.pdf Please upload both 1) and 2) via the "Financial Documents" section of your My TIU Page: ※'Certified' copies are not needed for these specific documents. 1) Statement of Financial Support You must download the designated form from the link below, complete and sign it, and upload the completed document. The financial supporter must pledge to bear all tuition and living expenses required for the applicant during their period of study at TIU. In principle, the financial supporter must be a relative of the admitted applicant. Sponsorship by friends or acquaintances is not accepted. *Image of Statement of Financial Support Download the form from the link: 💻💻 https://www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/wp-content/uploads/statement_of_financial_support.pdf 2) Official Bank Statement Please submit an official bank certificate or a copy of a bank record (e.g., bankbook showing transactions for one year or more) that fulfills the requirements for either Type A or Type B below: A. Supported by relatives: A bank certificate (in English or Japanese) showing a balance of 1,500,000 JPY or more in the financial supporter's account. B. Self-supporting: A bank certificate (in English or Japanese) showing a balance of 11,500,000 JPY or more in the applicant's own account. ※ You may qualify as self-supporting only if you are working, earning an income, and have sufficient personal savings. The following information must be included in Document 2): ▶ Account Holder's Name ▶ Bank Account Balance ▶ Date of Issuance (must be within the last 3 months) ▶ Bank Name or Official Stamp/Seal If you have multiple financial supporters to meet the total required amount, please submit the form and official bank statements from each supporter. Please note that Document 2) is also required when submitting documents to our administrative scrivener for the COE application if admitted. Important Notes Overview How to Apply Fees & Scholarships FAQs How to Enroll - 29 Japan Pre-Entry Tuberculosis Screening (JPETS) For nationals of Nepal, the Philippines, Vietnam, China, Indonesia, and Myanmar The Japanese government has begun requiring a tuberculosis (TB) clearance certificate for Certificate of Eligibility (COE) applications. Submission of this certificate will be mandatory by the COE application deadline. The test must be conducted at a medical facility designated by the Japanese government. Applicants subject to JPETS TB screening requirement will apply to nationals of countries (the Philippines, Viet Nam, Indonesia, Nepal, Myanmar, and China) with a large proportion of foreign-born cases diagnosed with TB during their stay in Japan who intend to enter and stay in Japan as "mid- to long-term residents" (excluding re-entry permit holders). However, if the residence permit or other documentation issued by the government of the applicant's place of residence confirms that their current place of residence is outside the target countries or regions, the applicant will be exempt from the TB screening. The start time of this requirement varies by nationality. (as of May 2026) Nationality Starting Time Nepal, Philippines, Viet Nam Has already commenced China, Indonesia, Myanmar To be scheduled (To be announced when start date is confirmed) Required date of medical examination Please submit a medical certificate based on an examination conducted on or after the first day of the application period for which you are applying. Spring 1: Jun 17, 2026 Fall 1: Nov 18, 2026 Spring 2: Aug 19, 2026 Fall 2: Jan 27, 2027 Spring 3: Oct 14, 2026 Fall 3: Mar 17, 2027 If there is a delay in your COE (Certificate of Eligibility) application, or if the validity period of the medical certificate is shorter than usual (180 days), and the certificate expires at the time of the COE application, you will be required to undergo a TB test again. Due Date for TB Clearance Certificate Submission Please submit your TB Clearance Certificate to our administrative scrivener, along with the other COE documents, as a direct reply to their email by the deadline stated below. If we do not receive your certificate by this date, we will be unable to proceed with your COE application. As a result, you will not be able to enroll at TIU. Please note that enrollment at TIU is only possible upon the successful completion of all required procedures, including the COE application. Spring 1: Nov 6, 2026 Fall 1: Mar 26, 2027 Spring 2: Nov 20, 2026 Fall 2: Apr 23, 2027 Spring 3: Jan 7, 2027 Fall 3: Jun 1, 2027 If you are required to complete this screening, be sure to check the designated websites for further information. Please note that taking the screening after the admission announcement could mean missing the deadline. Related Links:  Japan Pre-Entry Tuberculosis Screening (JPETS) Website Check this website for a list of approved clinics for tuberculosis testing. https://jpets.mhlw.go.jp/  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Website (Immigration Services Agency) https://www.mofa.go.jp/ca/fna/page24e_000249.html  Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Website (About the Japan Pre-Entry Tuberculosis Screening) https://www.mhlw.go.jp/stf/seisakunitsuite/bunya/kenkou_iryou/kenkou/kekkakukansenshou03/english.html - 30 IMPORTANT NOTES  Refund Policy If admitted applicant decides not to enroll in TIU after paying all stipulated fees, they may be eligible to have the tuition, operations fee, and alumni association fee refunded. However, the enrollment fee is non-refundable.  Leave of Absence Deferring your enrollment to the next semester is not permitted. If you are unable to attend your first semester, you may consider requesting a leave of absence. If taking a leave of absence, you must pay the full tuition fee; your scholarship (if applicable) will not apply during the leave period. You must also return your COE and apply for a new one. For details about leave of absence, contact the International Exchange Office (IEO) at etrack-student@tiu.ac.jp.  JASSO scholarship JASSO scholarship candidates: failure to register with the IEO in person at TIU campus by the deadline in the first month of the first semester will result in loss of this scholarship.  Simultaneous Enrollment TIU does not allow simultaneous enrollment at other universities or educational institutions. You must leave your previous university / institution before enrolling at TIU.  Submission of Fraudulent or Incomplete Information A fraudulent document is a document which has been forged or altered with false information. This includes falsified application forms, documents, or certificates which differ from the original or were issued by fake or non-accredited institutions, hiding relevant information, or providing false information. In the event TIU finds fraudulent information submitted in any form of communication or a lack of important information, admission will be revoked even after enrollment. Forms of communication include documents, certificates, letters, emails, and/or system entries among others. Enrollment fees will under no circumstances be reimbursed.  Plagiarism Policy Plagiarism is the act of taking another person's writing, work, or ideas and passing them off as your own. This includes information from web pages, books, email messages, articles, or any other medium. Using generative artificial intelligence (A.I.) tools for any part of your application is also considered plagiarism. Plagiarism is regarded as a serious form of academic misconduct and cheating. Plagiarism on application documents will result in the revocation of admission or expulsion even if discovered after enrollment.  Compliance with Act on Protection of Personal Information Application documents and personal information will be shared confidentially with authorized third-party service providers in order to ensure application eligibility and help applicants during the visa application process. Personal information shall under no circumstances be disclosed to any other third parties without the consent of the applicant.  Storage Policy for Personal Documents TIU will safely store all application related documents for ten years upon receipt. Once ten years have passed, the documents will be disposed of securely and responsibly. To receive the refundable fees To receive the refundable fees, a "Reimbursement Application Form" must be requested and submitted to the E-Track Admissions Center (etrack-admissions@tiu.ac.jp) by the deadlines listed below. Under no circumstances will it be possible to request a refund after the deadlines have passed. Spring intake: No later than 5pm (UTC +9 Japan Standard Time) on Wednesday, March 31 Fall intake: One business day before the matriculation ceremony (late August 2027) for the Fall semester. The matriculation ceremony date will be published on the 2027 Academic Calendar on our website. Overview How to Apply Fees & Scholarships How to Enroll Important Notes FAQs - 31 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS  Application Period Q1 I have already submitted my application documents, but I just decided that I want to apply during a different application period. Can you hold onto my application until then? A1 No, all applicants, including those who have applied before, must submit all the required documents for each application period. You must also register a new application account and pay the application fee again during the period you choose to apply. Q2 Is it a problem if I submit my documents like the academic transcripts before an application period starts? A2 Please ensure your documents are sent to arrive within the specified application period. We can only accept early arrivals if they are delivered within one week prior to the start of the application period; any documents received earlier than this cannot be held.  Application Requirements Q3 I am currently still in high school. Can I apply now? Do I need predicted grades? A3 Yes, you can apply if you are scheduled to graduate from high school by the time you enroll in TIU. Please submit a document showing your predicted grades if your school can issue one. Generally, students taking the IB Diploma exams and A-Levels exam should be able to receive such document from their school. Q4 I have never studied Japanese and I don't speak Japanese at all. Can I apply? A4 Yes! Japanese proficiency is not required for application. Q5 I am enrolled in another university, but I would like to transfer to TIU. Does TIU accept transfer students? Can the credits that I have already earned at my current university be transferred? A5 Yes, we accept transfer students. It is possible to transfer to the second year or third year. Refer to the Application Guidelines for transfer students for more info. Q6 I took "First Language English" in the IGCSE curriculum (obtained C grade) 3 years ago. Can I use this result to apply to TIU? A6 Yes, IGCSE results do not have an expiry date, unlike some other tests (see pages 7- 8). Q7 Do I need to do an interview as part of the application? A7 Basically no. TIU may hold an interview online or in person if deemed necessary. Q8 My grades in high school were below average and possibly not good enough to be admitted. Can I take an entrance exam, or a "foundation program" instead? A8 No. Foundation programs are not accepted. TIU does not offer any exams either.  Application Documents Q9 I do not have a valid official English test score, nor will I have one before the application deadline. Can I submit it later, after the deadline? A9 No. All required documents must be submitted during the application period. Please make sure to take English proficiency tests well ahead of time. Q10 I am working now. Can I ask my supervisor to write a recommendation letter? A10 No. Letters of recommendation from workplaces will not be accepted. Q11 I am currently attending a Japanese language school. Can I get a letter of recommendation from the Japanese language school? A11 Yes. We accept letters of recommendation only from Japanese language schools located within Japan (letters from schools outside Japan are not accepted). In addition, please submit the following documents from your school if it is in Japan: 1) a certificate of (expected) graduation, 2) a transcript, and 3) a document showing the attendance rate at the school (shussekiritsu shōmeisho). - 32 Q12 I took a TOEIC test held in my school and received a score report marked as institutional program (IP). Is this acceptable to apply for the E-Track Program? A12 No. You must submit an official score certificate. If you are not sure if the test you took was IP or not, please contact us by email. Q13 After graduating from high school, I studied at a university for a year. Do I need to send all of my school transcripts? A13 TIU requires transcripts covering the last 3 years of high school, as well as official transcripts for your current/previous university studies.  Application Registration and the My TIU Page Q14 I have friends or family in Japan. Can they pay the application fee on my behalf? A14 Yes. Please upload a copy of the bank transfer receipt to your My TIU Page. Q15 I paid the application fee by the deadline, but I only completed a few sections on My TIU Page and did not submit my application. Will you process my application? A15 No. You are required to complete all required sections on your My TIU Page and submit your application by the deadline. Q16 After I paid the application fee, I received a web registration ID by email. What is this number for? How is it different from an application number? A16 The web registration ID and your email address are used to log in to the My TIU Page, where you are required to write a statement of purpose and submit other required information and documents. An application number will be issued after the application deadline. Please include your application number when contacting TIU during the enrollment procedure.  Scholarships Q17 Does TIU offer any scholarships? Can I get both a tuition reduction scholarship from TIU and a scholarship from another organization at the same time? A17 You can find information on the Tuition Reduction Scholarship on page 23. It is possible to receive outside scholarships while also receiving the TIU Tuition Reduction Scholarship. Q18 What are TIU's criteria for deciding the rate of the Tuition Reduction Scholarships? A18 Screening for scholarships is based on a comprehensive evaluation of all submitted documents and information. Q19 Can I apply for a student loan from Japanese Government? A19 This is only possible for students whose parents reside in Japan. Q20 (USA nationals only) Am I eligible to apply for FAFSA (Federal Student Aid)? A20 No, TIU students are not eligible to apply for FAFSA. Q21 Can I use GI Bill to pay my tuition and fees? A21 Effective April 2024 intake, TIU no longer accepts the GI Bill.  Tuition and Fee Payment Q22 How can I know if the enrollment fee I paid has safely reached TIU? A22 You can check your payment status on My TIU Page on the left-hand sidebar. Please note that it takes a few days for the My TIU Page to update after receiving your payment. 💻💻 http://www.tiu.ac.jp/mypage/bachelor Q23 Can I pay for all my living expenses and tuition just by working while studying? A23 No. While a part-time job may provide some supplemental income, it should not be your primary financial strategy. You should have sufficient savings and/or financial support from a guarantor to cover both living expenses and tuition. Working part-time should not interfere with your academic progress. Q24 Why are students from Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka, and Pakistan enrolling at TIU required to pay the full annual amount of tuition and fees for the entire first year of study? A24 It provides assurance to the Japanese Immigration Services Agency as well as TIU that the student has sufficient financial resources to study abroad at our university. Overview How to Apply Fees & Scholarships How to Enroll Important Notes FAQs - 33  Other Q25 Is work experience or Japanese proficiency considered during the evaluation? A25 Work experience is not taken into account. Japanese proficiency tests such as the JLPT will be considered as proof of extracurricular activities/achievements. Q26 I have physical and learning disabilities and require specialized support. What should I do? A26 Before you apply, please contact the E-Track Admissions Center for more information. Q27 I have ACT or SAT scores. Do I have to submit them for my application? A27 Yes. Please refer to item F (Standardized Test Results) on page 19. Q28 Does TIU accept students with gap years? A28 Yes. There are no restrictions on gap years and this will not affect the admission and scholarship results. Q29 I want to apply for DSAI major as a freshman. Which campus will I be based at, if admitted? A29 All DSAI E-Track courses are held at Kawagoe Campus during the first two years. Starting from the third year, courses are held at either Kawagoe Campus or Ikebukuro Campus, depending on the courses taken. MEMO - 34 【Notice】The TIU E-Track Admissions Center receives a high volume of inquiries, especially near and during the application periods. While we strive to reply to inquiries as soon as possible, it may take several business days or longer to respond, depending on the timing and nature of your inquiry. Note that many questions can be answered by reading this Application Guidelines booklet thoroughly. If you still have an inquiry, please write to us before the application period. TIU will not respond to inquiries about the arrival of application documents. Track your mailed documents using your courier's tracking services. Checklist 1. Online Application See pages 13 - 15 for details. □ Upload bank receipt (Only for applicants who paid the application fee by bank transfer.) □ Complete all sections of your My TIU Page and click the 'Submit Application' button by 5:00 PM (UTC+9, Japan Standard Time) on the date of application deadline. 2. Physical Documents See pages 16 - 20 for details. □ Official Transcript / School Report / Mark Sheet □ Certificate of (Expected) Graduation □ Letter of recommendation from your school (includes signature, date, and contact info.) □ Standardized Test Results (E.g. IB, Abitur, Baccalaureate, GCE A-Level, SAT, ACT, 普通高中学業水平考試 etc.) □ Proof of English proficiency if you took TOEIC or EIKEN (see page 7) □ Documents from school in Japan (if applicable; see page 19) □ Proof of scholarship awarded by an external organization in Japan or abroad (if applicable; see page 20) □ Proof of relationship with your sibling (if applicable; see page 20) □ Send the documents using a traceable courier service to ensure they arrive at the ETrack Admissions Center by 5:00 PM (UTC+9, Japan Standard Time) on the date of application deadline.  Both the online form and all the physical materials must be received by the E-Track Admissions Center by the deadline. Late materials will not be accepted. Documents brought in person will not be accepted. Note: Last updated: September 7, 2026 Tokyo International University Contact Us www.tiu.ac.jp/etrack/ 【TIU E-Track Admissions Center】 1. Tokyo International University E-Track Admissions Center 4-42-31 Higashi-Ikebukuro Toshima Tokyo 170-0013 Japan  etrack-admissions@tiu.ac.jp www.facebook.com/etracktiu 【TIU Overseas Offices】 2. TIU Indonesia Office Summitmas 1, 7th Fl. Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 61-62 Jakarta 12190, Indonesia  +62-21-520-2112  indonesia@tiu.ac.jp www.facebook.com/tiuindonesia 3. TIU Thailand Office 10th Floor, Room 1002, Serm-Mit Tower, 159/16, Sukhumvit 21 (Asoke) Rd., Klongtoey-Nua, Wattana, Bangkok 10110, Thailand  +66-2661-7590  thailand@tiu.ac.jp www.facebook.com/tiuthailand 4. TIU Vietnam Office 17 Kim Ma Thuong, Ngoc Ha Ward, Hanoi, Vietnam  09-1111-6945  vietnam@tiu.ac.jp www.facebook.com/tiuvietnam Map 【TIU Overseas Representatives】 5. TIU India Representative Muskaan At Acumen, part of Sannam S4 Group (Consulting partner of TIU for India) 3rd Floor, Eros Corporate Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019  +91-99582-66933  india@tiu.ac.jp 6. TIU North America (USA & Canada) Representative Rouham Manzoor and Tina Salem Manzoor (authorized TIU partners)  etrack-northamerica@tiu.ac.jp 7. TIU South Korea Representative Sungho Han (authorized TIU partner) Address: #1108(Doosan Bearstel) 381 Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu, Seoul,06620, Korea  +82-2-532-2835  etrack-korea@tiu.ac.jp ＊For inquiries, please contact us via the Inquiry Form or via email. Map Map Map