Skip to Content Shortcuts Main Menu Shortcuts Ministry of Education HOME KIDS KOR RELATED SITES Search Open Content Search Search Close Ministry of Education Facebook Ministry of Education Youtube Ministry of Education Naver Blog Ministry of Education Instagram About MOE Minister Profile Vice Minister Profile History 2021~ 2011~2020 2001~2010 1991~2000 1981~1990 1948~1980 Organization Organization Location Location Press Center Press Release Press Release Photos Photos Education System Overview Overview Early Childhood Education Early Childhood Education Primary Education Primary Education Secondary Education Secondary Education Higher Education Higher Education Vocational Education Vocational Education Lifelong Education Lifelong Education Education Administration System Education Administration System Key Policies Government Policies and Goals Government Policies and Goals Statistics & Documents Statistics Overview Related Documents Related Documents MENU Homepage Guide Sitemap Related Sites FAQ FAQ Home > Homepage Guide > FAQ Share open Ministry of Education Facebook Ministry of Education Twitter Ministry of Education Kakao Story Ministry of Education Naver Band Share close content print Question What kind of study opportunities are provided for foreign students who wish to study in a Korean university, and where do I get admission information? Answer 1. Degree studies: If you wish to study abroad in Korea, that is, to pursue a degree in a Korean university, first check the web site of the National Institute for International Education Development at http://www.studyinkorea.go.kr for details on eligibility, application, admission procedures, government scholarship programs, and others. The international admission process and the number of foreign students to be admitted are decided differently by each university, so you will then need to contact universities directly for their admission plan details. Basic requirements are that you must have completed more than twelve years of elementary to secondary education, you are not of a Korean nationality, and you have a good academic standing in previous education. 2. Bilateral Exchange: Korean universities hold numerous exchange programs with foreign universities, which are conducted on condition that the two universities concerned have contracted an agreement(MOU) for academic cooperation and exchange. Exchange programs, which usually last six months to one year for non-degree purposes, are established and administered by the universities themselves, so you should (1) first check which Korean university holds an exchange agreement with your university, then (2) contact the Korean university directly for information on their programs. 3. Transfer: Those who have obtained a bachelor's degree from a four-year foreign university are eligible to transfer to a university in Korea as juniors. Universities are allowed to admit transfer students within 5% of the total junior student quota. Please check with each university for their individual admission requirements. Question Do I have to pass the Korean Language Proficiency Test in order to study in Korea? Answer Foreigners do not necessarily have to possess excellent Korean language skills or pass the Korean Language Proficiency Test in order to apply for a Korean university. To support the study of foreigners, universities in Korea offer intensive Korean language training courses and are operating a growing number of courses taught exclusively in English and other foreign languages. Admission regulations regarding language proficiency can differ among universities, so please check with each individual university of your interest for details. The Korean Language Proficiency Test is held yearly by the National Institute for International Education Development at test centers located in 44 cities in 16 countries. Information on the test including application, rating criteria, and test levels will be found at the Institute's web site at http://www.studyinkorea.go.kr Question What kind of Korean language programs do Korean universities offer for foreigners? Answer Many Korean universities offer intensive Korean language courses during regular terms(the usual university calendar in Korea is March~June and September~December) and in international Summer Schools. Below is a list of some universities best known for their Korean language programs: Chung-Ang University (www.cau.ac.kr) Ewha Womans University (www.ewha.ac.kr) Korea University (www.ku.ac.kr) Kyunghee University (www.khu.ac.kr) Seoul National University (www.snu.ac.kr) Yonsei University (www.yonsei.ac.kr) In addition, for those who are not able to come to Korea to learn the language, the National Institute for International Education Development operates an online interactive Korean language learning site called KOSNET(Korean Language Study on the Internet) at http://www.interedu.go.kr Question What kind of scholarships are available in Korea for foreign students? Answer At the governmental level, the Education Ministry offers a "Korean Government Scholarship" and a "Ph.D. < Master Studentship for Foreigners." Through the "Korean Government Scholarship," over 200 international students receive financial support every year. Scholarships are offered to students from countries that hold cultural and educational agreements with the Republic of Korea. If you are interested in this scholarship, please contact your government or the Korean embassy in your country. Details can also be found at the National Institute for International Education Development (http://www.ied.go.kr, ￠?E¡EcEI82-2-3668-1305). The "Ph.D. < Master Studentship for Foreigners" supports outstanding international students majoring in science < engineering. Details can be found at the Korea Research Foundation (http://www.krf.or.kr) In addition, scholarships are offered by individual universities, mainly to those who have excellent academic records. Many offer a 50 percent tuition discount for international students, and some give a 70 percent discount. For Master's programs, some universities can even give a 100 percent scholarship. Please contact each university of your interest for their scholarship program details. Question Where can I find a full list of Korean universities and colleges accredited by the Ministry of Education? Answer Please refer to the National Institute of International Education Development at http://www.studyinkorea.go.kr, where you can search for universities by region and by alphabetical order, or either look up the last section of the "Education in Korea" brochure on this site of the Ministry of Education. Question Are foreign students studying in Korea allowed to have part-time jobs during their study? Answer Foreign students who have completed at least 6 months(1 semester) of study in a Korean university and who are recommended by a university professor are permitted to work part-time in Korea, within the limit of 20 hours per week during academic semesters. There is no limitation on working hours during vacation.. Question Whom should I contact for information on visa regulations for foreigners? Answer Please consult the Ministry of Justice at http://moj.go.kr for regulations on visa matters such as visa acquisition, extension and visa-status alteration. The ministry's Immigration Bureau will answer your inquiries through an English Q&A board at http://www.moj.go.kr/HP/index.do. Question Are there any open or distance learning institutions available in the higher education level? Answer The Korea National Open University is a distance learning institution run by the Korean government. The university provides academic studies via various communication devices such as Satellite TV and the EBS(Educational Broadcasting Service) Radio. As all courses are composed of combined on-line and off-line studies, foreign students must reside in Korea during the study period. Please note that students should have entered Korea before applying to the university; foreign students are not allowed to acquire student visas for the sole purpose of enrolling in the Korea National Open University. Hanyang Cyber University (http://www.hanyangcyber.ac.kr), Korea Cyber University (http://www.kcu.ac), Korea Digital University (http://www.kdu.edu), Kyunghee Cyber University (http://www.khcu.ac.kr), and Seoul Digital University (http://www.sdu.ac.kr) are examples of the many Korean distance learning universities that conduct lectures 100% on-line. Foreigners are accepted in most cases, and students may reside abroad during their studies; please consult each university for admission details. Question What are the qualifications required to teach English in Korea at the primary or secondary level? Answer Foreign teachers who wish to teach English in Korean primary and secondary schools usually come through the English Program in Korea(EPIK). Details will be found at http://epik.knue.ac.kr. The basic requirement is to hold at least a bachelor's degree and be a citizen of one of the six major English-speaking countries, Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America. In addition, your possession of a teacher's certificate, TESOL certificate, work experience, master's degree, etc. will allow you to apply for a higher-level position. If you are thinking of teaching at a private language institute, not a school, you should basically possess a bachelor's degree or higher and an E2 visa (status: Teaching Foreign Languages). Available teaching positions must be found individually through job-search boards and resources. GOVERNMENT COMPLEX-SEJONG, 408 GALMAE-RO, 14DONG, SEJONG [30119], REPUBLIC OF KOREA TEL : 82-2-6222-6060 , 82-2-6196-9110 , 82-44-203-6118~6119(Nighttime) | FAX : 82-2-2110-0674 COPYRIGHT ⓒ MINISTRY OF EDUCATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.