中 Home News News Notice Admissions Study & Life Exit & Entry Guide Academic Guidance Campus Map Facilities & Services Student Activities Regulations International Student Counsellor Downloads Admission Related Academic Related Others About Us Overview Contact Us USTC OIC Library Links Schools Teaching Affairs for Undergraduate Graduate School CSC CAS Alumni 中文 Student Login Home News News Notice Admissions Study & Life Exit & Entry Guide Academic Guidance Campus Map Facilities & Services Student Activities Regulations International Student Counsellor Downloads Admission Related Academic Related Others About Us Overview Contact Us Admissions Study at the USTC Admissions > USTC Fellowship > USTC Fellowship for Undergraduate Programs USTC Fellowship USTC Fellowship for Undergraduate Programs USTC Fellowship for Master's Programs USTC Fellowship for Doctoral Programs USTC Fellowship for Non-degree Programs FAQ Apply Now USTC Fellowship for Undergraduate Programs Introduction USTC Fellowship for undergraduate programs has two levels: ● Level A, funded by USTC, includes tuition waiver, comprehensive medical insurance, monthly stipend of 2,500 RMB and accommodation subsidy; ● Level B, funded by USTC, includes tuition waiver. To apply for the fellowship, applicants need to create an account in the USTC Application System and select the fellowship that they want to apply for. Applicants can either apply for one level or two levels at the same time. USTC will decide which level of the fellowship may be given based on the comprehensive evaluation of the applicant. Each applicant can only be supported by one scholarship. Eligibility 1. Non-Chinese citizens with a valid passport, in good physical and mental health. 2. Having passed new HSK Level 5 or above; applicants whose native language is Chinese, or can provide proof of studying at a high school where the teaching language is Chinese, can apply for HSK test exemption. 3. Emigrants from mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan applying as international students must obtain their current foreign citizenship before April 30th, 2022. In addition, the applicant must live abroad for at least 2 years during the period between April 30th, 2022 and April 30th, 2026 (more than 9 months of residence abroad per year may be considered as one year). 4. Applicants who were born in a foreign country and whose one or both parents are Chinese citizens must have one of the following documents: (1). Proof of permanent residence in a foreign country of the applicant's parents (who are Chinese citizens) at the time of the applicant's birth or prior to it; (2). Proof that the applicant completed the renunciation of Chinese nationality; (3). The applicant's People's Republic of China Foreign Permanent Resident ID Card. 5. The conditions set by the Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC (Annex I) should be met. 6. Applicants must hold a high school diploma (equivalent to high school diploma in China) by July of 2026. 7. Applicants must be under the age of 30 by September 1st, 2026. ※ For the graduates to obtain their degrees in 2026, they should submit a Pre-graduation Certificate to ensure that they will complete their study and obtain the degree by July of 2026. ※ Applicants who have been granted for other Chinese scholarship or funds（2026-2027）cannot apply for this scholarship. Application time: November 14, 2025 - March 31, 2026 Application Guideline 1. Create your account in the online application system . 2. Fill in all the information and upload the documents as required. * After submission of your application, please keep checking your email box used for login in the application system for further application documentation, online interview information and so on. Application materials required: ● Application Form for International Students (Undergraduate Program) (Annex II) ● Photocopy of passport (including pages with Chinese visa or residence permit, if applicable) ● Notarized photocopies of senior high school graduation certificate and transcripts. Applicants who will be graduating from senior high school before July 2026 should provide Pre-graduation Certificate issued by senior high school (Original senior high school graduation certificate and transcripts are required upon registration if get admitted). ● Photocopies of Certificate of new HSK Level 5 and transcripts (original certificate and transcripts are required upon registration if get admitted); or a proof of studying at a high school where the teaching language is Chinese. ● Foreigner Physical Examination Form (Annex III) ● Recommendation letter from senior high school (original copy in Chinese or English) ● Applicants under 18 by Sept. 1st, 2026 should submit a Guardian Statement (Annex IV). The guardian of the applicant has to stay in Hefei during the period of applicant's studying at USTC. Whatever the guardian's nationality is, he or she must have a stable source of living. ● Emigrants from mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan applying as international students should submit the following documents: ① Immigration certificate; ② Proof of cancellation of the original Chinese citizenship; ③ Photocopy of the passport pages with customs stamps (exit and entry) from April 30, 2022 to March 31, 2026; ④ Proof of living abroad from April 30, 2022 to March 31, 2026 ● Applicants who were born in a foreign country and whose one or both parents are Chinese citizens must submit one of the following documents: ① Proof of permanent residence in a foreign country of the applicant's parents (who are Chinese citizens) at the time of the applicant's birth or prior to it; ② Proof that the applicant completed the renunciation of Chinese nationality; ③ The applicant's People's Republic of China Foreign Permanent Resident ID Card ● If any of the following test score reports are submitted, the results are valid for two years from the date of the examination: SAT, IB, GCE A-Level, ACT, or AST. ※ Documents in languages other than Chinese or English must be attached with notarized translations in Chinese or English. ※ Application materials will NOT be returned regardless of the application result. Attachments Annex I. Document No. 12 (2020) of Ministry of Education of the PRC Annex II. Application Form for International Students (Undergraduate Program) 2023 Annex III. Foreigner Physical Examination Form Annex IV. Guardian Statement Address: 2F, International Building, East Campus, USTC, 96 Jinzhai Road, Hefei, Anhui Tel/Fax: 86-551-63603531 Admissions System Management System 皖ICP每05002528号-1 Copyright @ International College, USTC