Skip to content Students Staff Alumni TR / EN Admission Admission to Undergraduate Programs Admission To Graduate Programs Programs Undergraduate Programs Professional Master Degrees Academic Master Degrees Doctorate (PhD) Programs Tuition Fee Brochure Visa & Residence Arrival Guide City & Campus Parents Club Living in Istanbul Virtual Campus Tour Our Campus Student Clubs Sports at KHAS Psychological Counseling and Guidance Center Contact Prospective Students Application Undergraduate Prospective Student Graduate Student Applicant Search Main Menu Admission Admission to Undergraduate Programs Admission To Graduate Programs Programs Undergraduate Programs Professional Master Degrees Academic Master Degrees Doctorate (PhD) Programs Tuition Fee Brochure Visa & Residence Arrival Guide City & Campus Parents Club Living in Istanbul Virtual Campus Tour Our Campus Student Clubs Sports at KHAS Psychological Counseling and Guidance Center Contact Prospective Students Prospective Students Application Undergraduate Prospective Student Graduate Student Applicant Quick Access Students Staff Alumni Tools Home TR / EN Search Home International Office Registration Process For Undergraduate Programs Registration Process For Undergraduate Programs 1. After arrival to Istanbul, you need to complete your registration to Kadir Has University by visiting Cibali campus. Original documents to be submitted to the registration office and the payment of the 1st installment to be paid at university's AKBANK branch. Required documents: High School Diploma (original and translation to Turkish or English) High School Transcript (original and translation to Turkish or English) High School Equivalence paper (Denklik) International/Local Exam score (if the applicant has), in Turkish or English English proficiency exam results accepted by Kadir Has University / KHAS English Proficiency exam results Passport copy 2 photographs 2. High School Equivalence paper (Denklik) High School Equivalence paper is required to be submitted during the registartion process for Undergraduate programs. The detailed information on how to obtain the document can be checked at the following link: (Link for PDF to be shared) 3. Student Certificate Student Certificate can be obtained after the registration to University. The certificate will be required for the Student Resident permit application, transportation card, etc. Certificate must be requested from the Directorate of Student Affairs. 4. Start the process of the Student Resident Permit application. The detailed information on how to apply for the Student Resident Permit can be checked at the following link: (Link for the Visa and Resident permit page to be shared) Connect with KHAS Kadir Has University is an interdisciplinary education and research community located at the historic Cibali Campus in the heart of Istanbul. Kadir Has Cad., Cibali 34083 Fatih / İstanbul +90 (212) 533 65 32 [email protected] University Governance Cibali Campus Career Opportunities Vision, Mission and Values Our Philosophy Kadir Has History Kadir Has Foundation Education Faculty of Law Faculty of Economics, Administrative and Social Sciences Faculty of Communication Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences Faculty of Art and Design School of Foreign Languages Institute of Graduate Studies Community Students Alumni Candidates International Staff Quality Unit Tenders Job Opportunities KVKK & Privacy Press Kit © 2026 Kadir Has University. All rights reserved. Quick Search Through this form, you can access news, announcements, faculties and departments, base scores, our academic staff and administrative personnel, and their internal phone numbers. Contact Information Phone: +90 (212) 533 65 32 Fax: +90 (212) 631 91 50 Email: [email protected] Address: Cibali Mah. Kadir Has Cad. 34083 Fatih, İstanbul