Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students SEJONG UNIVERSITY CREATIVITAS SERVITIUM 2026 Fall Semester www.sejong.ac.kr Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students Fall 2026 3 Admission Timeline ................................................. 4 Application Procedure ........................................... 4 Departments and Majors ..................................... 5 Application Fee and Tuition ................................ 6 Eligibility and Qualifications ............................... 7 Required Documents ............................................. 9 Important Notes for Applicants ..................... 12 Scholarship ............................................................... 13 Dormitory for International Students .......... 13 ~ FAQ ...................................................................... 14 ~ Appendix .......................................................... 16 • This admission guide is available in English and Chinese. In the event of any conflict or discrepancy in meaning between the Korean version and any of its translation, the Korean version will prevail. 4 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester Admission Timeline Procedure 1 st Round 2 nd Round Important Notes Online Application & Submitting Documents Mar 09, 2026 ~ Mar 24, 2026 (5:00PM) Apr 27, 2026 ~ May 15, 2026 (5:00PM) • Online Application: Sejong One Stop Service Center Website ( sos.sejong.ac.kr ) • Submitted documents must arrive at Sejong University's One Stop Service Center (admissions team) by the fixed deadline. • Any documents submitted after the deadline will automatically be canceled. • You must complete the online application (including payment of application fees) before submitting the documents. • Documents sent with cash on delivery will not be accepted and will be returned. • Submitted documents cannot be returned regardless of reason. • If necessary, there may be a request for an online prescreening interview. Evaluation Apr 16, 2026 ~ Apr 21, 2026 Jun 11, 2026 ~ Jun 16, 2026 • The contents of the evaluation will not be disclosed except for the final decision (admitted/not admitted). • How to check: Please log into sos.sejong.ac.kr to see the admission results. • Please carefully review the Notification of Acceptance & Enrollment Information and complete all necessary procedures to finalize your enrollment. Admission Decisions and Guide for Admitted Students (Provisional) May 07, 2026 (5:00PM) [provisional] Jul 01, 2026 (5:00PM) [provisional] Tuition Payment May 07, 2026 ~ May 19, 2026 (4:00PM) Jul 01, 2026 ~ Jul 10, 2026 (4:00PM) • The payment must be confirmed by the deadline for each round of tuition fees by Sejong University. • Even if you submit an overseas remittance confirmation sheet during the payment period, if the amount has not arrived by the deadline, it will be considered unregistered. Issuance of Certificate of Admission From Jul 02, 2026 From Jul 24, 2026 • Inquiries asking if the certificates can be issued faster cannot be answered. • For those whose passport has been updated, please send your updated passport information in advance. Application Procedure Admission decisions are made based on the candidate's previous academic achievements and other reference documents submitted during admission such as language proficiency, etc. Interviews, auditions, and/or additional documents may be required as dictated by the policy of the individual college or department, and the individual college or department will directly contact the applicant if required. Notes for Online Application • The standard method for application is via the Undergraduate Admission for International Students banner on the Sejong website. It is only compatible with Internet Explorer version 5.0 or higher. • The deadline for online application is 17:00(Korea local time). To apply successfully, all relevant information must be entered, and the application fee must be paid in full, prior to this time. Online Application and Document Submission (by post or in person) Evaluation (in case of an interview, the department will contact the applicant individually) Announcement of Admission Decision > > > > > > ※ If a separate interview is necessary, an online interview may be conducted ※ The admission timeline is subject to change. If a change is made, it will be announced at the website ( https://sos.sejong.ac.kr ). ※ All schedules are based on Korean Standard Time (KST). Fill out the application form and check the information entered Pay the application fee Semester Begins > > > > Final Submission of Required Documents [Verification of Deposit (VoD), Final Graduation Certificate and Transcript (if applicable)] > > 5 Admission Timeline / Application Procedure / Departments and Majors Departments and Majors Division College Program Admission Major Freshman Transfer Humanities and Social Sciences Liberal Arts Department of Korean Language and Literature O O Division of International Studies * O X English Data Convergence / International Japanese Studies / Chinese Trade and Commerce Division of International Studies X O English Language and Literature / Japanese Language and Literature / Chinese Trade and Commerce Department of History O O Department of Education O O Division of Global Leadership * O O Korean Language and Culture / International Trade and Commerce Division of Global Leadership English Track O O International Affairs Social Sciences Department of Public Administration O O Department of Public Administration English Track O O Department of Media and Communication O O Department of Media and Communication English Track O X Department of Law O O Business, Economics, Hospitality and Tourism Business and Economics Faculty of Business Administration O O Faculty of Business Administration English Track O O Department of Economics O O Department of Economics English Track O O Hospitality and Tourism Faculty of Hospitality, Tourism & Food Service Management * O O Hospitality and Tourism Management / Food Service Management Faculty of Hospitality, Tourism & Food Service Management English Track O O Hospitality and Tourism Management Natural and Life Sciences Natural Sciences Department of Mathematics & Statistics O O Department of Physics and Astronomy O O Department of Chemistry O O Life Sciences Faculty of Biological Systems * O O Food Science and Biotechnology / Integrative Bioscience and Biotechnology / Bioindustry and Bioresource Engineering Department of Integrative Biological Sciences and Industry O O Information Technology AI Convergence Department of AI Convergence Electronic Engineering O X Department of Electrical Engineering X O Department of Semiconductor Systems Engineering O O Department of Computer Science and Engineering O O Department of Computer Science and Engineering English Track O O Department of Computer and Information Security O O Software X O Department of Quantum Information Science and Engineering O X Faculty of Creative Studies O O Innovation Design Major / Comics & Animation Technology Major Faculty of Creative Studies English Track O X Comics & Animation Technology Major Advanced Convergence AI Convergence Department of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics O O Department of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science O O Department of Artificial Intelligence and Information Technology O X Department of Software O X Engineering Engineering Department of Architectural Engineering O O Architecture(5-year) O O Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering O O Department of Environment and Energy O X Department of Environment, Energy & Geoinformatics X O Department of Energy Resources and Geosystems Engineering O X Energy Resources and Geosystems Engineering X O Department of Mechanical Engineering O O Faculty of Aerospace System Engineering * O X Aerospace Engineering Major / Intelligent Drone Convergence Major Faculty of Aerospace and Drone Engineering X O Aerospace Engineering Major / Intelligent Drone Convergence Major Department of Nanotechnology & Advanced Materials Engineering O O Department of Quantum and Nuclear Engineering O O 6 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester Departments and Majors Application Fee and Tuition Application Fee • Application fee: Total 150,000 KRW • Withdrawal of application and refund of application fee ① For withdrawal of application before the application due date, the total application fee is refunded. Withdrawal of application after the application due date is not allowed, and the application fee is not refundable unless any of SJU's acceptable reasons for a refund are satisfied. ② Acceptable reasons for a refund : Any reason that is not attributable to the applicant or outside the applicant's control, including natural disaster, applicant's hospitalization or injury from an accident and SJU's mistake, is considered acceptable. ③ How to cancel an application : Submit your cancellation request directly through [Sejong University One Stop Service Center website ( https://sos.sejong.ac.kr/ ) → My Page]. ※ Applications cannot be submitted via email or by phone. ‥ In case that all or any of the required documents are not submitted or an applicant is disqualified, the applicant will fail the admission and the application fee is not refundable. Tuition (as of 2026, KRW) Division Tuition Humanities and Social Sciences/ Business, Economics, Hospitality and Tourism 4,669,000 Natural Sciences College / Physical Education 5,521,000 Information Technology / Advanced Convergence / Engineering / Life Sciences College 6,340,000 Arts (excluding PE) 6,392,000 ※ Virtual account payment for tuition fees is only available for domestic transfers within South Korea. ※ Overseas remittance is possible; however, if the amount received by the University is less than the invoiced tuition due to exchange rate fluctuations or bank charges, the payment will not be recognized as registration. We recommend using Flywire. ※ Please be aware that if you need a refund of tuition or deposit after enrollment, for instance due to withdrawal, we can only refund to the original payment method. Therefore, please choose your payment method carefully. For example, if a relative overseas used their credit card to pay your tuition, we cannot refund the money to a Korean bank account under your name after enrollment. ※ The actual invoiced amount may vary for each individual depending on scholarships. Division College Program Admission Major Freshman Transfer Arts and Physical Education Arts and Physical Education Department of Painting O O Western Painting / Korean Painting Department of Fashion Design O O Department of Fashion Design English Track O O Department of Music O O Voice/ Piano/ Contemporary Music/ Violin/ Viola/ Cello/ Contrabass/ Flute/ Clarinet/ Bassoon/ Oboe/ Horn/ Trumpet Department of Music English Track O O Contemporary Music Department of Physical Education(Male) O O Department of Dance O O Korean Dance / Modern Dance / Ballet Department of Film Art O O Directing & Producing / Acting ENGLISH TRACK Liberal Arts and Social Science Liberal Arts Division of Global Leadership English Track O O International Affairs Social Sciences Department of Public Administration English Track O O Department of Media and Communication English Track O X Business, Economics, Hospitality and Tourism Business and Economics Faculty of Business Administration English Track O O Department of Economics English Track O O Hospitality and Tourism Faculty of Hospitality, Tourism & Food Service Management English Track O O Hospitality and Tourism Management Information Technology AI Convergence Department of Computer Science and Engineering English Track O O Faculty of Creative Studies English Track O X Comics & Animation Technology Major Arts and Physical Education Arts and Physical Education Department of Fashion Design English Track O O Department of Music English Track O O Contemporary Music ※ English Track programs provide entire courses in English. ※ Departments marked with an asterisk ( * ) admit freshmen by faculty, and students select their specific major in their second year. 7 Eligibility and Qualification Admission Eligibility Both • A non-Korean national whose parents are BOTH non-Korean nationals ※ Anyone who has acquired foreign citizenship by changing his/her nationality is not eligible ※ A Korean citizen who holds dual citizenships is not considered as a foreigner. ※ For applicant with a single parent due to the death, disappearance of the other; divorce; non-marriage of the parent,etc., the nationality of both the parent and the applicant must be verified by a document issued by the government Freshman • International applicants must meet ALL of the following requirements : A student who has completed, or is expected to complete primary and secondary education at the time of application (Vocational schools are included) ※ If a student is educated in two or more countries, the total education period should be 12 years or more. A non-Korean national who satisfies the language proficiency requirements specified below ; (1) English Track: International Affairs, Public Administration, Media and Communication, Business Administration, Economics , Hospitality and Tourism Management , Computer Science and Engineering, Comics & Animation Technology Major, Fashion Design, Contemporary Music • A person who meets at least one of the following language proficiency requirements Division IELTS TOEFL iBT New TEPS All Majors 5.5 71(4.0) 327 ※ Students from a country which uses English language as their official language (e.g. the US) are exempted from this requirement. (Appendix 2) ※ Those from non-English speaking countries educated in an English speaking country must submit their English proficiency test results. ※ TOEFL: MyBest Scores and iBT Home Edition are accepted. TOEFL ITP scores are not accepted. (2-1) Korean Track : Applying with a TOPIK score(TOPIK iBT is acceptable except trial tests) • A person who meets the minimum TOPIK or Sejong TOPIK score Creative Studies, Arts and Physical Education majors Korean Language and Literature, Media and Communication, Business Administration Others Level 2 Level 4 Level 3 ※ Students with the Sejong TOPIK must obtain Level 4(Level 3 for Creative Studies and Arts&Physical Education majors) or higher before graduation. (2-2) Korean Track : Applying with the Sejong Korean Language Program • A person who has registered and completed two or more semesters in the Sejong Language Center in Sejong University, and is recommended by the Dean of the Sejong Language Center in Sejong University must meet the following requirements Creative Studies, Arts and Physical Education majors Korean Language and Literature, Media and Communication, Business Administration Others Level 2 Completion Level 4 Completion Level 3 Completion ※ If you meet the requirements of the TOPIK as mentioned in (2-1) you must apply with the Test of Proficiency in Korean ( TOPIK) or the Sejong TOPIK. There may be disadvantages if you apply with 'Sejong University Korean Language Course Completion' due to your negligence. ※ Korean track students must achieve Level 4 (Level 3 for Creative Studies, and Arts and Physical Education majors) or higher of TOPIK before graduation. (3) Sejong Prep Course : Students who do not meet language requirements can pass Sejong University's prep course by being evaluated for other academic potential. Students who have passed the Sejong Prep Course must apply under the "Sejong Prep Course Completion" qualification. However, regular admission is only possible upon successful completion of the Sejong Prep Course (submission of a completion certificate is required afterward). ※ To apply for the Sejong Prep Course, please contact the Sejong Language Center. [Precautions for Preliminary Admission] • Students who were admitted to the preliminary admission process for the second semesters of 2024 can apply for the same department under the "previous preliminary admission process application" qualification, provided that they meet the following necessary requirements. ① Korean Language Course Completion: Students must complete at least one semester of the Korean language course offered by Sejong University's International Education Institute within two years after passing the preliminary admission. ② Language Proficiency Test: Students must acquire the required TOPIK or Sejong TOPIK score for their desired department. • To finalize admission, please submit the following documents in person or by mail after completing the online application and paying the application fee: (1) the completed application form, (2) the original certificate from the International Education Institute, your TOPIK or Sejong TOPIK score report, and (3) your provisional admission notice. • While your submitted application documents during preliminary admission will be carried over, additional documents like an updated deposit certificate, a final high school diploma, and transcript of grades may be required for visa processing or other purposes. Please note that failure to provide these documents when requested could result in the cancellation of your admission. • Applicants who applied for preliminary admission more than two years ago will need to submit a new application, as their academic documents will no longer be valid. Departments and Majors / Application Fee and Tuition / Eligibility and Qualification 8 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester Eligibility and Qualification Admission Eligibility Transfer • International applicants must meet ALL of the following requirements : Applicants who have completed 2 or more years of the coursework in a 4-year university or received a degree in a 2/3year junior college ※ If you are enrolled in a 4-year university, you are eligible to apply in case you have earned more than 50% of the credits required for graduation. ※ Applicants who graduated (or are expected to graduate) from Chinese institutions must submit an Academic History Verification Report in English version issued by the Ministry of Education in China. ※ Students who enrolled in Sejong University are NOT eligible for transfer admissions. A non-Korean national who satisfies the language proficiency requirements specified below : (1) English Track: International Affairs, Public Administration, Business Administration, Economics , Hospitality and Tourism Management , Computer Science and Engineering, Fashion Design, Contemporary Music • A person who meets at least one of the following language proficiency requirements Division IELTS TOEFL iBT New TEPS All Majors 5.5 71(4.0) 327 ※ Students from a country which uses English language as their official language (e.g. the US) are exempted from this requirement. (Appendix 2) ※ Those from non-English speaking countries educated in an English speaking country must submit their English proficiency test results. ※ TOEFL: MyBest Scores and iBT Home Edition are accepted. TOEFL ITP scores are not accepted. (2-1) Korean Track : Applying with a TOPIK score(TOPIK iBT is acceptable except trial tests) • A person who meets the minimum TOPIK or Sejong TOPIK score Creative Studies, Arts and Physical Education majors Others Level 3 Level 4 ※ Students with the Sejong TOPIK must obtain Level 4(Level 3 for Creative Studies and Arts&Physical Education majors) or higher before graduation (2-2) Korean Track : Applying with the Sejong Korean Language Program • A person who has registered and completed two or more semesters in the Sejong Language Center in Sejong University, and is recommended by the Dean of the Sejong Language Center in Sejong University will meet the requirements below as a substitution(* A letter of recommendation from the Dean of the Sejong Language Center of Sejong University is required) Creative Studies, and Arts and Physical Education Majors Others Level 4 Completion Level 5 ※ If you meet the requirements of the TOPIK as mentioned in (2-1) you must apply with the Test of Proficiency in Korean ( TOPIK) or with the Sejong TOPIK. There may be disadvantages if you apply with 'Sejong University Korean Language Course Completion' due to your negligence. ※ Korean track students must achieve Level 4 (Level 3 for Creative Studies, and Arts and Physical Education majors) or higher of TOPIK before graduation Admissions for both freshmen and transfer students require academic records on regular programs offered by educational institutions accredited under the education laws of foreign countries (The following courses and exams do not qualify: language courses, university preparatory courses, continuing [lifelong] education courses, adult university courses, correspondence courses, Internet courses, high school diploma equivalency exams in the U.S. and Canada (like GED), homeschooling, and the Higher Education Self-taught Examination System of China [gaodengjiaoyu zixuekaoshi]). NOTE ! 9 Required Documents Applicants must upload files of application documents on( https://sos.sejong.ac.kr ) and send original documents by post before the application deadline. • Documents for application: Submit all of the listed documents below in order from 1~21 If you have documents that cannot be reissued, please refer to FAQ#2&4 for instructions. Once documents have been submitted, they cannot be returned for any reason. Documents not in Korean or English must be submitted with a notarized English translation and the original notarized document. For more details, please see the Notes and Q&A below. Statement of Reason for Missing Document • If a required document is unavailable or cannot be submitted by the designated deadline, applicants must download and complete the "Statement of Reason for Missing Document" form during the online application process and attach it in front of the relevant document when submitting the original documents by mail or in person. • Submission of this form does not guarantee an extension of the submission deadline or acceptance of the explanation; final approval is subject to the University's discretion. No. Documents Freshman Transfer Submission Format 1 • Applicant Checklist Required ※ Applicants are required to download the designated form from the SJU website during the application process, complete it and then print and submit it either by post or in person. O O One photocopy 2 • Application Form Required ※ Print out after completing the online application. ※ If submitting documents multiple times, submit them together with the application form. O O One photocopy 3 • Copy of the Applicant's Passport Required ※ Photocopy the passport on A4-sized paper and submit the copy as a whole. Do not cut the marginal space. ※ Applicants from countries that issue separate domestic and foreign passports must submit their foreign passport only. (Domestic passports are not accepted.) O O One photocopy 4 • Front and back copy of alien registration card Applicable only ※ Applicants who have a valid Korean visa (ARC) during admission period, must submit a copy of their ARC. O O One photocopy 5 • Documents verifying the applicant's proficiency of the Korean or English Language Applicable only ※ Submit a copy of your official Korean or English proficiency test score report (TOPIK, TOEFL, New TEPS, IELTS) that is valid for two years and verifiable online, based on a date that is 20 days after the start of the application period. ※ A recommendation letter from the Dean of the Sejong Language Center at Sejong University is required for Korean Track, if applying with Sejong Korean Language Program Completion ※ English track: Applicants who are from countries that use English as their official language do not need to submit it, but need to submit a Certificate of Confirmation in English that the secondary curriculum has been completed in English (transcript, diploma, and the original Certification of Confirmation issued by the school) ※ English course: Students with nationality from countries where English is not their native language or official language can study in countries where English is spoken. Even if you have completed training, you must submit your language proficiency score. O O One original 6 • Expected Graduation of High School Required ※ Submit a certificate of expected graduation that clearly states the expected graduation date. ※ Applicants who are expected to graduate from a high school outside Korea must submit the original, translated and notarized certificate of expected graduation when applying (refer to FAQ No. 7). ※ Transfer applicants who are expected to graduate, have completed or are currently enrolled, but have not graduated from a previous university/current bachelor's degree, must submit a high school graduation certificate. • Korean High School : One original • Chinese High School : original translation and notarization ※ Admission to China's 5-year intensive academic program is not possible. ※ For (expected) graduates from Chinese secondary vocational schools, etc. : Refer to Appendix 3 & 4 • High schools other than Korea/China : consular confirmation or apostille original O O (If applicable) One original 7 • Certificate of Graduation Required ※ Transfer applicants who are expected to graduate, have completed or are currently enrolled, but have not graduated from a previous university/current bachelor's degree, must submit documents verifying their high school academic background. • Chinese High School : English printout of CHSI certification report ※ For (expected) graduates of Chinese secondary vocational schools, etc. : Refer to appendix 3&4 • High schools other than Korea/China : Original graduation certificate, consular confirmation or Apostille O O (If applicable) One original 8 • High school Transcript of Grades Required ※ Applicants expected to graduate from a high school outside of Korea must submit an original, translated, and notarized transcript of grades for all high school semesters except the last semester. ※ If there are any gaps in your academic transcript, you must submit original supporting documents (e.g., internship verification, university entrance exam scores from your home country, transcript from your exchange program, etc.). " • Korean high school : Original school records containing grades from all grades • High Schools other than Korea - For Expected Graduates : Notarized translation of academic transcripts from all grades - Graduates : Consular confirmation or Apostille of transcripts from all high school grades O X One original Eligibility and Qualification / Required Documents 10 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester Required Documents No. Documents Freshman Transfer Submission Format 9 • Secondary School Graduation Exam / College Entrance Exam Score Optional ※ If submitted, it will be included in the evaluation process O O One original 10 • Previous college completion/graduation certificate Required ※ Applicants who are expected to graduate from a university outside of Korea must submit the original, translated and notarized copy of their expected graduation certificate when applying (refer to FAQ No. 7). • Korean university student/graduate : original proof of university completion (expected)/certificate of (expected) graduation • Chinese university students/graduates : original, translated and notarized certificate of university attendance or completion/expected graduation • Students attending/graduated from universities other than Korea/China : original university graduation (expected) certificate, confirmed by consulate or apostille X O One original 11 • Certification of Graduation or Completion from previous university Required • Chinese university students/graduates : English printout of university CHSI certification report • Students attending/graduated from universities other than Korea/China : original university graduation (expected) certificate, confirmed by consulate or apostille X O One original 12 • Transcript of Grades from previous university ※ If there are any gaps in your academic transcript, you must submit original supporting documents (e.g., internship verification, university entrance exam scores from your home country, transcript from your exchange program, etc.). " ※ Applicants with exchange student experience must submit a transcript from their previous university that includes the credits earned during the exchange program. " • Korean university student/graduate : Original university transcript • Universities other than Korea - For Expected Graduates: Notarized translation of university transcripts - Graduates: Consular confirmation or Apostille of transcripts from all university X O One original 13 • Documentation of Graduation credits from previous university Applicable only ※ Students who have completed (or are expected to complete) a previous university program must submit documentation (in English) specifying the number of credits required for graduation. (However, this is not required if such information is already indicated on the official university transcript.) ※ A printed page from the university website or an official certificate issued by the previous university is acceptable. X O One photocopy or One original 14 • Study Plan Required ※ Print out after completing the online application. ※ Korean Track must be written in Korean, English Track must be written in English O O One photocopy 15 • Qualification Review Request Form Required ※ Print out after completing the online application O O One original 16 • Portfolio of the applicant's artwork / accomplishments Required for Arts and Creative Studies ※ The College of Arts and Physical Education (Excluding the Department of Physical Education) and the Department of Creative Studies must submit one ※ Free form (attached as a URL to the portfolio upload section of the support site. When you click the URL, without logging in, watching ads, or downloading files, etc. the work must be visible immediately. (Cannot be submitted via USB or hard copy, etc.) O O Enter an URL on the application Website 17 • Recommendation Letters Optional ※ No form. You can submit it according to your choice. Only if submitted after upload, it will be included in the evaluation process O O One original 18 • Language Center Completion Certificate and Transcript of Grades Applicable only ※ If applying as a successful candidate in the existing preliminary admission process: Submit certificate of completion from Sejong University Institute of International Education and transcript of grades ※ If you are applying as a person who completed the Korean language course at Sejong University: Submit a certificate of completion from the Sejong University Institute of International Education, transcript, and letter of recommendation from the Director of the Institute of International Education. O O One original 19 • A copy of both parents' passport Required ※ If your parents do not have passports, you can submit their ID card. ※ National Identification cards that are not in English or Chinese must be translated into English and notarized. O O One photocopy each 20 • An official document that shows the parent-child relationship Required ※ If one of parents is not listed in the family registry due to death or divorce, an official document proving death or divorce should be submitted. ※ For countries with no such documents, you can submit other official government-issued document (notarized) such as your official birth certificate with your parents' nationality in it. ※ In the case of Chinese applicants, if necessary, they may request submission of a notarized original translation of the family register. O O One original 11 Required Documents Required Documents No. Documents Freshman Transfer Submission Format 21 • Applicant's Verification of Deposit(VOD): 20 Million KRW / 16,000 USD / RMB 110,000 or more Required ※ The certificate must be issued within 30 days from the date of application for the visa or Certificate of Visa Issuance. However, if the bank balance certificate specifies a validity period, it will be accepted until the stated expiration date, up to a maximum of 6 months from the date of issuance. When setting the freezing date, it should extend until after the beginning date of semester. ※ For deposit certificate issued in languages other than English or Chinese, the original and notarized translation must be submitted. ※ For Chinese applicants, after acceptance, a balance certificate issued within 30 days of issuance of the standard admission certificate must be submitted by the date indicated in the notice to successful applicants. One-time upload and original mail/in-person submission is required. Applicants from other countries must apply once upon application and once upon issuance of a standard admission letter after passing the admission. (Refer to the guidance for successful applicants), must be submitted twice in total. ※ All documents must be scanned and submitted as originals. The scanned uploaded copy and actual original submitted copy must match. If the original copy is not verified, a standard admission certificate will not be issued. ※ The VOD must be under the applicant's name, but only parents are considered as an exception when inevitable ※ A copy of bankbook, transaction statement, and two or more certificates of numerous bank account numbers cannot be submitted. ※ The holder of an alien registration card residing in South Korea must submit the original bank balance certificate issued by the banks in South Korea under his/her name ※ If you have an alien registration card but are unable to submit a Korean bank VOD due to unavoidable reasons, please send the proof along with the reason (e.g., certificate of entry & departure) O O One 22 • Academic background verification consent form Required ※ Please agree to the terms and conditions, fill out the online application, and then print and submit the completed form. O O One photocopy Notes for Submission of Required Documents All the documents must be submitted within application period. After the deadline, Submission of documents is not possible. If all required documents are not submitted within the submission period, the application may be rejected due to failure to meet the eligibility requirements (except : who applied with expected graduation certificate). Any document that is not in Korean or English must be translated into English, and the notarized original copy of the translation must be submitted along with a copy of the original document. Documents sent with cash on delivery will not be accepted and will be returned. You will not be notified individually regarding the receipt of documents. Notifications about admission results and tuition payments will not be provided individually, and applicants can check this information on their My Page. For all submitted documents, the principle is to submit them in A4 size (do not arbitrarily cut passport copies, etc., to passport size). Documents must be submitted in the order listed on the " Required Documents ". Your passport must be a passport with a sufficient expiration date at the time of admission, and the applicant is responsible for the disadvantages such as the delay of the visa due to the change (extension) of the passport. There is no need to submit additional photo of the applicant if uploaded online when online application. The applicant's achievements, such as portfolio, picture of work, and recording materials, are 'free format' and the One Stop Service Center (Admissions Team) will not receive questions regarding the applicant's submission form. Students who passed the preliminary admission process and have met the language proficiency requirements, must submit additional documents for existing preliminary admission applicants (see notes on page 7). Important notes related to Notarization, Consulate Certification and Apostille documents All documents notarized / consulate certification / apostille must be held in the country in which the documents are issued or at the respective consulates in Korea. Documents not in Korean or English must be submitted with a notarized English translation and the original notarized document. The notarized document must include both the original and the translated content as a single set. The notarization must be held in the country in which the documents are issued. If the apostille is issued in a language other than English (i.e., not in English or not accompanied by an English version), the original apostille must be included in the notarized translation of the document. Unless stated as "Photocopy" , all the above documents should be original. In case documents are not allowed for re-issuance or original documents are not available, notarized copies can be acceptable. (Refer to page14, Q4) Please review your translated and notarized documents. If the name, gender, etc. are written differently from official documents such as passports due to the translator's mistake, this may also be a reason for disqualification of the applicant. If the applicant or applicant's family name is different on documents, a document issued by the government of the country of origin must be submitted to prove that all are the same person. o r i g i n a l 12 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester Important Notes for Applicants Applicants are responsible for any disadvantages caused by mistakes, omissions, or typographical errors when completing the online application. Please complete the form carefully, as changes or cancellations are not allowed once the application has been submitted. Please make and keep copies of all completed forms and submitted documents. All documents and records submitted for admission become the property of Sejong University and will not be returned to the applicant. If you require documents for visa issuance, you must prepare them separately. All notifications regarding interviews, documents, etc. will be sent via email. Therefore, applicants must provide an accurate and valid email address on the application form and immediately notify the One Stop Service Center (Admissions Team) if the address changes. Chinese applicants are advised to use an email address other than qq.com . If an applicant who is expected to graduate fails to graduate before the scheduled enrollment date, the admission offer will be automatically canceled. Prospective graduates must submit their graduation certificate (with consular confirmation or Apostille original) and final transcript after graduation. If it is confirmed that admission was obtained through false documents or other fraudulent means, admission will be revoked even after enrollment, and reapplication will be prohibited. Sejong University does not disclose any specific details regarding individual admission decisions. Applicants may be excluded from evaluation under the following circumstances. In such cases, the evaluation results will not be disclosed or notified to the applicant: • Incomplete or late submission of documents (email submissions are not accepted) • False, incomplete, or forged entries in the application form • Suspected intentions other than studying abroad • Determined to lack sufficient academic or financial capability. Sejong University issues admission certificates only for the purpose of obtaining a student visa (D-2). If the Ministry of Justice denies the D-2 visa issuance/extension, or the Ministry of Foreign Affairs denies the student visa, the applicant's admission will be canceled. Information for admitted students regarding tuition payment, submission of documents for the issuance of the Certificate of Admission, etc., will be available on the One Stop Service Center website ( https://sos.sejong.ac.kr/ ) under "My Page" on the date of the admission announcement. Individual email notifications will not be sent, so applicants must check the admission notice carefully. Important Guide How to Submit Documents must be received by post or in person. Submission by e-mail will not be accepted. All the documents must be original and when the original is not available, the copy must be notarized with Consulate Certification / apostille ※ Additional documents can be requested if the submitted documents found to be not sufficient. Submit by Must arrive (NOT shipped) by the respective deadline. The required documents must arrive at One Stop Service Center (Admission Team) by the deadline. Submission after the deadline will not be accepted. Send to (05006) One Stop Service Center(Admission Team), Sejong University, 209, Neundong-ro, Gwangjin-gu, Seoul, Korea E-mail: intadmission@sejong.ac.kr Phone: +82-2-3408-4406(English) +82-2-3408-3353(Chinese, Korean) +82-2-3408-4407(Vietnamese, English) Office Hours: 10:00-16:00 Weekdays Valid Date for Documents Academic Documents Translation&Notarization, Consulate Certification, Apostille: Six Months from the start date of application for the first round Nationality and Family Documents Translation&Notarization: Six Months from the start date of application for the first round Verification of Deposit (When applying) Must be issued after the start date of application for the first round and if the deposit period is stated, the expiration date must be later than the beginning date of semester Verification of Deposit (After being admitted) Please refer to the acceptance notification for each round of admissions Notice for Incomplete Documents Insufficient documents may or may not be guided depending on the time of completion of application and the completion degree of document submission and etc,. ※ There are at least two different document reviewers and you may get more than two emails or calls from different people at different times. Please check your email frequently. 13 Scholarship No. Classification Eligibility Benefits 1 Sejong International Scholarship A (First Semester) Meet one of the language score qualifications <English Track> • A scholarship of the corresponding % of the first semester's tuition fees, if one satisfies one of the following language scores Benefits IELTS TOEFL iBT New TEPS 80% 8.0 112(6.0) 498 50% 6.5 100(5.0) 398 30% 5.5 71(4.0) 327 ※ 30% of the first semester's tuition fee will be provided to students from a country whose mother tongue is the English language.(UK, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, South Africa). ※ Applicants from countries that use English as an official language need an official English test score.(Refer to Appendix 2) <Korean Track> • A scholarship of the corresponding % of the first semester's tuition fees, if one satisfies one of the following language scores Benefits TOPIK 100% Level 6 70% Level 5 50% Level 4 30% Level 3 2 Sejong International Scholarship B (First Semester) Students from the Sejong Language Center of Sejong University • Students selected for the "Sejong Prep Course" at the Sejong Language Center of Sejong University, who have completed at least two semesters of the Korean Language Program with the required level and are recommended by the Dean of the Sejong Language Center, will receive a 100% tuition waiver for the first semester. 3 Sejong International Scholarship Outstanding Academic (Enrolled student) Scholarships for excellent grades based on school records while attending school • 20% ~ 50% of tuition fee (also applicable to transfer students) ※ Need to earn at least 15 credits(10 credits if the previous semester is the final grade) in the previous semester. Dormitory for International Students Sejong University has dormitory facilities that can accommodate about 255 international students. It is selected on a semester (six months) basis, and applications are accepted every month of January and July, before the semester begins.The dormitory fee for six months is about 1.6 million won. More information will be provided later on the bulletin board of the International Affairs (for inquiries: dormitory@sejong.ac.kr ). ※ Sejong international Scholarship A~B is limited only to the documents (Language proficiency test score, recommendation letter, etc.) submitted first during the application period. ※ Successful applicants who pass the preliminary assessment will be eligible for scholarships at the time of enrollment. ※ The scholarship will be suspended upon change of nationality. ※ Transfer students are not eligible for freshmen scholarships, but eligible for "Sejong International Scholarship Outstanding Academic. " Important Notes for Applicants / Scholarship / International Students Dormitory Important Notes for Applicants Final admitted students who fail to submit, within the deadline, the notarized translated originals of their final graduation certificate (with consular confirmation or Apostille), transcript, and financial proof documents will not be issued a Certificate of Admission, and their admission will be canceled. The One Stop Service Center (Admissions Team) may request additional documents for the purpose of issuing a Certificate of Admission or visa. In such cases, applicants must promptly submit the requested documents . In the event of tuition or deposit refunds due to withdrawal of admission, refunds will only be made using the same payment method originally used. Therefore, applicants must choose their payment method carefully. (For example: If tuition is paid with a relative's overseas credit card, the refund cannot be sent to the student's Korean bank account.-it will be refunded to same credit card.) 14 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester FAQ Regarding Documents Q1. The original high school graduation certificate can only be issued once, so it is not possible to submit the original. A. Please get it notarized and submit it by referring to the table below. Q2. I can only issue an Apostille once, so I cannot submit the original graduation certificate that got an Apostille. A. Photocopied documents cannot be submitted. Please make a copy, get one of the following, translate and notarize it, and submit it. Certified copy of Korean diplomatic office in foreign country │ apostille │ consulate's confirmation or certified true copy stamp. If you submit an original English diploma with an apostille, please note that it cannot be returned to you regardless of the admission results. It is also not possible to return for the visa purposes. Please prepare for additional issuance of your documents in advance. Certificate of Graduation Document Issuance Country (Language) Apostille/Consulate Certification (Original) Notarized (Original) Notarized English translation (original) ※ Translation: must be done in English, not Korean Original Korea(Korean) × × × English Speaking Countries(ENG) ○ × × Other ○ × ○ Photocopy Korea(Korean) All the documents issued by Korean schools must be original English Speaking Countries(ENG) ○ ○ × Other ○ ○ ○ ※ For documents issued in Korean or English in countries other than Korea : translation is not required. Q3. I would like to copy or scan the graduation certificate certified by Apostille / Consulate Certification and submit it after printing (black and white / color). A. Documents printed after copying or scanning are not original, so we do not accept them. Please submit the original Apostille / Consulate Certification. Q5. I want to know the expiration date for each document. A. Please refer to the table below. Documents Valid Date Educational Background • Translation&Notarization, Consulate Certification, Apostille: Six Months from the start date of application for the first round Nationality and Family Related • Translation&Notarization: Six Months from the start date of application for the first round Verification of Deposit • Issued within 30 days from the date of application for the visa or Certificate of Visa Issuance. Bank balance certificates with a specified validity period are accepted for up to 6 months from the date of issuance. The freeze date must be set after the semester start date. Q6. I would like to submit a Verification of Deposit under my brother's name. A. The name of the Verification of Deposit must be the father / mother / self. Q7. When applying for the first round and reapplying for the second round, I would like to reuse the documents submitted during the first round application for the second round. A. When applying from one admission round to another, you must click the transfer request button then upload and submit separately the new application form and other required documents (incomplete documents, expired documents, etc.). Q8. I am expected to graduate so I can't get Apostille/consulate certification on my graduation certificate. A. Please refer to the table below and submit it without apostille or consulate certification. ※ Submission of the graduation certificate is mandatory after graduation. Please refer to the acceptance notification for each round of admissions. ※ For documents issued in Korean or English in countries other than Korea: translation is not required. Certificate of Graduation Document Issuance Country (Language) Apostille/Consulate Certification (Original) Notarized (Original) Notarized English translation (original) ※ Translation: must be done in English, not Korean Original Korea(Korean) × × × English Speaking Countries(ENG) × × × Other × × ○ Photocopy Korea(Korean) All the documents by Korean must be original English Speaking Countries(ENG) × ○ × Other × ○ ○ Q4. What are copy notarization and translation notarization? A. If the original document cannot be submitted or if a document requires translation into English, it must go through a notarization process. During notarization, the notary public must verify that the copy is identical to the original and that the translation accurately reflects the content of the original document. For example, we must be able to find sentences like " I do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare that the attached certificate exactly corresponds to the original. I swear that the attached translation is true to the original. " 15 Q9. I have an alien registration number, but I cannot submit a bank balance certificate from banks in Korea because I am not in Korea during the application period. A. If you submit an official entry and departure record that you were not in Korea at the time of submitting the application, you are exceptionally allowed to submit a bank balance certificate from an overseas bank. FAQ Regarding Application Q1. I have completed the online application, but there is something that needs to be revised. A. Please send the applicant's application number and the information you want to modify to the One Stop Service Center (Admission Team) email( intadmission@sejong.ac.kr ). However, if you would like to change your department, you have to apply for cancellation and re-submit your application. Q2. I would like to cancel my online application. A. To cancel your application, please log in to your My Page on the Sejong University One Stop Service Center website (https://sos. sejong.ac.kr/) before the online application deadline. Refunds will be processed within 5 business days. (Email cancellation requests are not accepted.) Q3. I was not admitted. I would like to know the reason. A. The reason cannot be disclosed to applicants due to university policy. Q4. I want to get a refund on the online application fee because I was not admitted / could not submit the documents on time. A. You cannot get a refund because of those reasons. You can only get a refund for the application fee if you request to cancel the application within the online application period. FAQ Regarding Eligibility Q1. One of the parents is a Korean national. A. Both parents must be foreign nationals to apply. Q2. I want to know the exact criteria for foreign nationality. A. You cannot apply if you have acquired multiple nationalities (Korea and foreign countries) or acquired a foreign nationality later in life, and you will be eligible to apply only if you have a foreign nationality from birth. Q3. Both parents and applicants have attended foreigner schools in Korea. A. Even if you have got education in Korea or abroad, you can apply if the learning period has met a total of 12 years. Q4. My nationality is Korean, but I completed all curriculums overseas. A. It does not grant application qualifications for international admission. Q5. I have the nationality of a country that does not use English as my first language. Do I have to submit an official English language score even if I complete all the courses in a country where English is spoken as its mother tongue language, such as the United States and Canada? A. If you are an English Track applicant, you must submit a certified English test score (IELTS / TOEFL / TEPS only) even if you used English while attending schools. FAQ Q10. I am attending a language school in Korea, but I cannot open an account in Korea because my alien registration card has not yet been issued. A. Please submit a certificate of enrollment in the language school(state the period of study)and a VOD in your home country. After issuing the alien registration card, please submit a VOD issued by a bank in Korea by the designated deadline. 16 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester Appendix 1: Guide to Document Certification Instruction of submitting academic background documents Applicants must submit a high school graduation certificate and transcript by selecting one of the following methods during the application period. If there is a delay of submission under unavoidable circumstances, submit the documents within the specified deadline after announcement of admission. 1) Academic background documents (high school graduation certificate and transcript) certified with an Apostille issued in the applicant's country 2) Academic background documents (high school graduation certificate and transcript) certified by the Korean Embassy or Consulate in the applicant's country 3) For China, enrollment/completion/graduation certificate and the report of China Ministry of Education (CHSI) ※ For details for Chinese academic background verification, please refer to the Korean or Chinese version of Admission Guide Method of getting proof of Secondary and Post Secondary Institutions in China Submit Certificate of CHSI in English from the China Credential Verification Website: www.chsi.com.cn -1 Vocational/Arts High School Graduates in China Please refer to Appendix3 Information of Apostille Convention 1) Apostille Convention a) Republic of Korea became the 90th Contracting State of the Apostille Convention, effective as of July 14, 2007 : Convention Abolishing the Requirement of Legalization for Foreign Public Document. b) Apostille is a certification specifying the modalities through which a document issued in one of the signatory countries can be certified for legal purposes in all the other signatory states. c) Apostille convention countries abolish the complex consular procedures to ensure the smooth mutual authentication of public and official documents. 2) Apostille Convention is an international treaty drafted by the Hague Conference on Private International Law : You can check detailed and updated information regarding regional authorities at website www.hcch.net The procedure of issuing Apostille > > > > > > > > Apostille Convention Countries (As of 2025.12.31) Area Country Asia / Oceania New Zealand, Niue, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Mongolia, Vanuatu, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brunei, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Oman, Australia, Uzbekistan, Israel, India, Indonesia, Japan, China(including Macau and Hong Kong), Cook Islands, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Tonga, Pakistan, Palau, Fiji, Philippines, Korea Europe Georgia, Greece, the Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Russia, Romania, Luxembourg, Lithuania, Liechtenstein, North Macedonia, Monaco, Montenegro, Moldova, Malta, Belgium, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Cyprus, San Marino, Serbia, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Slovakia, Slovenia, Armenia, Iceland, Ireland, Azerbaijan, Andorra, Albania, Estonia, Britain, Austria, Ukraine, Italy, Czech Republic, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Croatia, Türkiye, Portugal, Poland, France, Finland, Hungary North America United States (including Guam, Mariana Islands, Saipan, and Puerto Rico), Canada Latin America Guyana, Guatemala, Grenada, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, Mexico, Barbados, Bahamas, Venezuela, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Argentina, Antigua and Barbuda, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, Uruguay, Chile, Costa Rica, Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, Panama, Peru, Paraguay, Jamaica Africa / Middle East Namibia, South Africa, Liberia, Lesotho, Malawi, Morocco, Botswana, Sao Tome Principe, Senegal, Seychelles, Eswatini, Cabo Verde, Burundi, Tunisia, Rwanda ※ Countries scheduled for Apostille issuance: Algeria (July 9, 2026), Vietnam (September 11, 2026) 17 Appendix 2: List of Countries where English is an Official Language Region Total Country Africa 24 Botswana, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Eritrea, The Gambia, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Malawi, Mauritius, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe Asia 7 Brunei, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, Pakistan, Philippines, Singapore Australia/ Oceania 14 Australia, Fiji, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, New Zealand, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu Europe 3 Ireland, Malta, United Kingdom Americas 14 Antigua and Barbuda, The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Canada, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, United States ※ During the admission, applicants for English Track from the country where English is the second language will be exempted from language proficiency score. However, before graduation, an official English Language proficiency certificate must be submitted to the University and need to submit a Certificate of Confirmation in English that the secondary curriculum has been completed in English(transcript, diploma, and the original Certification of Confirmation issued by the school) when applying. Appendix Appendix 3: Academic Accreditation Center Graduates of Chinese secondary vocational schools(certified educational institutions only) whose certificates are not issued by the China Higher Education Qualification are submitted according to the following criteria. Type Criteria Note Secondary Vocational School Regular Specialized Secondary Schools 1) Certificate of Graduation • Issued Online: Translated and notarized Certificate of Graduation issued by local education authorities + Korean Consulate in China Certification/ Apostille • Issued Offline: School Information Confirmation Required(Appendix 4) ① Certificate of Graduation by local education authorities(translated and notarized) ② Certificate of Graduation(translated and notarized) issued by the school confirmed by the Education office(City Education Office) + Korean Consulate in China Certification/Apostille 2) Original Transcript - translated and notarized + Korean Consulate in China Certification/Apostille Choose Online or Offline Vocational High Schools Skilled Workers Schools 1) Online Certificate from the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of China( http:mohrss.gov.cn/ ) +Graduation Certificate+ Korean Consulate in China Certification/Apostille 2) Original Transcript - translated and notarized + Korean Consulate in China Certification/Apostille Other Schools (International, Arts, etc.) 1) Graduation Certificate issued by School + Korean Consulate in China Certification/Apostille ※ A Copy of Establishment Permit(Business Unit Legal Certificate or Business Unit Legal Certificate of School Educatoin Permit) 2) Original Transcript - translated and notarized + Korean Consulate in China Certification/Apostille ※ School Information Confirmation is available for download from the Undergraduate Announcements section of the One Stop Service Center ( https://sos.sejong.ac.kr/ ). 18 Fall 2026│Undergraduate Admission Guide for International Students 2026 Fall Semester Appendix 4: Chinese Secondary Vocational School Information Confirmation 학교 정보 확인서 学校信息确认书 유학생 인적사항 留学生 个人信息 성 명 姓 名 생년월일 出生日期 국 적 国 籍 여권번호 护照号码 진학 예정 대학 拟入学大学名称 전공명 专业名称 전화번호 联系电话 e-mail 电子邮箱 학교정보 学校信息 졸업학교명 (졸업일) 毕业学校名称 (毕业日期) (졸업일 毕业日期 : 20 . . .) 학교유형 学校类型 보통중등전문학교 普通中专 ( ) 직업고등학교 职业高中 ( ) 기타 其他 ( ) 교육과정 教育种类 고등학교 학력과정 高中阶段学历教育 ( ) 고등학교 비학력과정 高中阶段非学历教育 ( ) ※비학력 과정의 경우 유학비자 발급 불가 非学历教育学生不能获得韩国留学签证 소재지 学校地址 전화번호 学校电话 학교 이메일 学校邮箱 홈페이지 学校官网 교직원 연락정보 教职工 联系信息 소속 및 직위 学校电话 성 명 姓 名 (인 또는 서명) ( 盖章或签名) 전화번호 联系电话 본인은 상기 학교 정보 등 기재 내용이 사실과 다름없음을 서약하며, 허위 사실 기재 시 대한민 국 법령에 따라 처벌받을 수 있음을 확인합니다. 本人保证，以上所填写的学校信息等内容均属实。本人理解，以上信息如有虚假， 可能会受到韩国相关法律法规的处罚。特此确认。 20 . . . 유학생 본인 留学生本人 ( 서명 签名) ※ 2부 작성 후 교육기관 및 재외공관에 각각 제출 本确认书需要一式两份。一份交拟入学大学，一份交韩国驻外使领馆。 CAMPUS MAP Daeyang AI Center Appendix 19 One Stop Service Center(Admissions Team) • Address: (05006) One Stop Service Center (Admissions Team), Room 209, Student un ion Bldg., Sejong University, 209 Neundong-ro, Gwangjin-gu, Seoul, Korea (05006) 서울시 광진구 능동로 209 세종대학교 학생회관 209호 원스탑서비스센터(입학팀) • Email: intadmission@sejong.ac.kr • Phone: 02-3408-3973(Korean), +82-2-3408-4406(English), +82-2-3408-3353(Chinese), +82-2-3408-4407(Vietnamese) • Office Hours for visit and telephone inquiries: Weekdays 10:00~16:00 Konkuk Univ. Children's Grand Park Macheon Dong Sangil Dong Olympic Bridge Gunja Gwanghwamun Hwayang Market Wangsimni 2 7 5 SUBWAY LINE NO.7 CHILDREN'S GRAND PARK (SEJONG UNIV.) EXIT 6 · BLUE 721 · GREEN 119, 3216, 4212 · INCHEON AIPORT BUS 6013 BUS CHILDREN'S GRAND PARK Seoul Gimpo International Airport Cityhall MyungDong KangNam Sejong University