Top of page Menu About Academics Admissions Campus Life Arts News Athletics Calendar Info for Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Families Community Giving Directory Search Bowdoin College Search View image caption International Students Bowdoin welcomes students from all over the world. More than 10 percent of the student body either carries an international passport or hails from outside of the United States. Fifty-four foreign countries are represented on campus. International Students at Bowdoin Who is an international student? An international student is anyone who would require a visa to attend college in the United States. Need-blind admission for international students Bowdoin College is need blind for international students . That means your family's ability to pay is not a factor or barrier to admission. If you require financial assistance to attend college, Bowdoin will work closely with you and your family to ensure your financial aid meets your need. Browse our staff page to find the admissions officer for your region . More information about the application process can be found in the Applying to Bowdoin section of our website. International specific application information can be found below. Bowdoin students come from over 50 countries. Located in the northeastern U.S., Bowdoin is two hours from Boston and less than a six hour drive from New York City. $72,883 the average annual aid package awarded to incoming students 100% of students who receive a free MacBook Pro, iPad, and Apple Pencil, thanks to our Digital Excellence Commitment. $0 amount of loans in our financial aid packages. Bowdoin is one of only eleven colleges and universities in the U.S. that are need-blind (your ability to pay is never a factor or barrier to admission) and meets the full calculated need of every student we admit, including international students. Application Requirements & Additional Information English Proficiency Tests (EPT) It is optional to submit English proficiency test scores. Results may be submitted with your application, directly from the testing agency, or self reported through your Application Portal after you apply. We will review your scores if you choose to provide them, but test scores may not be deleted after they are submitted to us. You may submit results from the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), International English Language Testing System (IELTS), Duolingo English Test (DET), or Cambridge English Assessment (CEA). Bowdoin does not have a minimum qualifying EPT score. We review applications holistically to obtain a well-rounded understanding of an applicant's opportunity for success at Bowdoin. EPT testing is just one piece of your application. Please note that we do not offer English as a Second Language courses at Bowdoin so all incoming students are expected to be highly proficient in spoken and written English at a college level. Interview Opportunities A limited number of interview opportunities are offered between May and December of the year in which you intend to submit your application. Due to high demand, international students are asked to submit their application before requesting an interview. Learn more about interviews and how to register. Couldn't fit an interview into your schedule? Did you have an interview and have more to say? We encourage you to submit a video response, which you will find in your Application Portal after you submit your Bowdoin application. Independent interviews Bowdoin accepts independent interviews from vendors, such as Initialview or Vericant, from our international applicants. We also accept for this purpose the interview that is integrated into the Duolingo English Test (DET). These interviews will provide you with an opportunity to display your communication and reasoning abilities, as well as your enthusiasm for becoming a successful student at Bowdoin. Following this conversation, a report and video of your interview will be sent directly to Bowdoin from the vendor. We recommend registering early for these opportunities as soon as possible to ensure that your materials arrive in our office before the application deadline. Initialview Vericant Duolingo Please note that if you plan to submit an independent interview, you may not register for a Bowdoin interview. Bowdoin accepts only one interview per applicant. National Exams and Transcripts Students from countries with national university entrance exams (such as but not limited to: WASSCE, EGSE, KCSE, CAPE, IGCSE, ISC, SLC) are required to submit official results. Applicants in A-level or IB curricula are expected to submit predicted grades if in the final year of secondary school or final results if you have graduated. Your transcript should be translated into English, and we prefer a translation from a school or a certifying official. Dates and Deadlines Applications open on August 1. The Early Decision 1 deadline is November 15; Early Decision 2 and Regular Decision applications are due January 5. Read more about dates and deadlines Financial Aid Bowdoin meets the full calculated need of all admitted students without loans, and admission is need blind. Applying for Aid Please visit Bowdoin's student aid website to locate the application information and filing instructions. International students are not required to submit financial aid materials until after receiving an admit decision. International Application FAQs Find answers to some of the most common questions about applying to Bowdoin as an international student. I am a U.S. citizen attending high school outside of the United States. Am I considered a domestic or an international applicant in the review process? If you are a U.S citizen or U.S permanent resident, you are considered a domestic student in the applicant pool. If you attend high school outside of the United States, your application will be read within the context of your home and school community. My school does not have a designated college counselor. Who should write my counselor recommendation? We understand that many schools around the world do not have a designated college counselor. You may have a teacher or your principal complete the counselor section of your application. What are the testing requirements for international applicants? It is optional for international students to submit English proficiency test scores; we will review your scores if you choose to send them or include them with your application. Test scores may not be deleted after they are submitted to us. Please note: We do not offer English as a Second Language courses at Bowdoin so all incoming students are expected to be highly proficient in spoken and written English at a college level. What is the minimum GPA or score on IB, A-Levels, and EPT needed to apply? We do not have a minimum qualifying score to apply. Bowdoin is a rigorous academic institution, and we are looking for applicants who will succeed in and out of the classroom. Because our students come from all over the world and all types of curricular backgrounds, we are interested in seeing how you have succeeded in your own environment and understanding your path and growth. Are Bowdoin Admissions counselors familiar with my country's educational system? We divide the world up by territory, and our admissions officers are experts in many different curricula from all over the world. Meet our team to connect with your regional admissions officer. Are international students eligible to apply for transfer admission to Bowdoin? Students who have enrolled at another college or university and earned any credits toward an undergraduate degree are welcome to apply as a transfer student. Please note: International transfer students are not eligible to receive aid through Bowdoin's financial aid packages. That said, any external grants or scholarships available outside of Bowdoin would certainly be accepted towards the cost of admission. Students who have already obtained a bachelor's degree (or equivalent) are ineligible for admission to Bowdoin. How do I request a CSS Profile fee waiver? International applicants (excluding Canadian citizens) are not required to submit student aid application materials until they are offered admission to Bowdoin. If you are unable to submit the CSS Profile or paying the fee would present a financial burden, you should contact the Student Aid Office after you have been admitted to Bowdoin at sao@bowdoin.edu . We no longer accept the ISFAA or the IACAC Form in lieu of the CSS/PROFILE. Once admitted, students should expect to submit all financial aid materials within seven (7) days of your admission offer. Bowdoin will release financial aid awards for admitted international students via your admissions portal once all materials are received. Are interviews available for international students? Bowdoin accepts independent interviews from vendors, such as Initialview or Vericant, from our international applicants. We also accept for this purpose the interview that is integrated into the Duolingo English Test (DET). These interviews will provide you with an opportunity to display your communication and reasoning abilities, as well as your enthusiasm for becoming a successful student at Bowdoin. Following this conversation, a report and video of your interview will be sent directly to Bowdoin from the vendor. We recommend registering early for these opportunities as soon as possible to ensure that your materials arrive in our office before the application deadline. Initialview Vericant Duolingo How do I request a Duolingo English Test fee waiver? We only consider coupon code requests for current applicants. Once you have submitted your application to Bowdoin and have received your application portal credentials, you may reach out to Bowdoin Admissions. All Duolingo coupon code requests are considered on a case-by-case basis and are not guaranteed. In this section Bowdoin at a Glance Apply Guidance on the Use of AI in the Bowdoin Admissions Process Application Dates and Deadlines Early Decision Test Optional Policy Optional Video Response Fee Waiver Policy QuestBridge Applicants International Students Undocumented/DACA Transfer Applicants US Military Veterans Homeschooled Students Non-Degree Students Costs and Aid Visit Bowdoin Connect Counselors/CBO Partners Meet Our Team Request Info Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Mailing Address: 6000 College Station Brunswick, Maine 04011 GPS Address: 255 Maine Street Brunswick, Maine 04011 (207) 725-3000 Contact Us Make a Gift Request Info Employment Offices & Services A-Z Accessibility Academic Calendar Directory Title IX Policies Facebook Youtube Twitter Instagram