Top of page Menu About Academics Admissions Campus Life Arts News Athletics Calendar Info for Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Families Community Giving Directory Search Bowdoin College Search View image caption Admissions Bowdoin at a Glance Apply Costs and Aid Visit Bowdoin Connect Counselors/CBO Partners Meet Our Team Request Info Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion We're here to ensure that nothing stands between you and your success as a student. Bowdoin is one of only eleven colleges and universities that is need blind (your ability to pay is never a factor or barrier to admission) and meets the full calculated need of every student we admit . All of Bowdoin's student aid packages consist of grants and need-based scholarships that never need to be repaid . And, our financial support doesn't start and end with the tuition bills-for many students, it starts with an application fee waiver, and ends with scholarships to graduate school , with lots more during your time at Bowdoin. < WATCH: Associate Director of Student Aid LK Gagnon explains what it means to meet 100% of your calculated financial need. Support every step of the way. Focus on whatever comes next, without student debt limiting your options. Bowdoin's financial support is behind you throughout your college career -going well beyond tuition, housing, and food, to include things like studying abroad, internships, personal computing , and more. This means that you can concentrate on doing what you do best-just being a Bowdoin student. Learn how we support your journey We provide the laptop, you bring the stickers. Every Bowdoin student receives a MacBook Pro, an iPad, and an Apple Pencil-yours to keep upon graduation. Bowdoin covers the cost of the equipment, software, and maintenance, and students can pay $1 to keep the gear when they graduate. This commitment to innovation and digital equity is just one way that we support students every step of the way, from need-blind admission, to meeting the full calculated need of every student we admit with scholarships, not loans. Learn more Quick Numbers $72,883 the average annual aid package awarded to incoming students $0 the amount of loans in our financial aid packages 50% students in the most recent class receiving aid from Bowdoin What else do I need to know? In the most recent admitted class, need-based Bowdoin scholarships (which never have to be repaid) ranged from $3,820 to $98,800 . We waive the $70 application fee for any student applying for aid, or who will be the first in their family to attend college. We are one of only eleven schools in the US that is need-blind and meets the full calculated need of all applicants, domestic and international . 2026-2027 Cost of Attendance Direct Costs A breakdown of costs at Bowdoin Tuition $74,268 Fees $700 Housing $ 10,106 Food $ 10,326 Direct Costs Total $95,400 Indirect Costs A breakdown of miscellaneous costs at Bowdoin Books, Course Materials, Supplies and Equipment $840 Miscellaneous Personal Expenses $1,660 Transportation varies Indirect Costs Total $2,500+ Total Cost of Attendance $97,900+ This page is meant to be an overview and an introduction to costs and aid at Bowdoin. When you're ready to talk about detailed numbers and processes, the Office of Student Aid employs five of the best listeners we've ever met-they work with each applicant's family, one-on-one. Calculate your Costs Bowdoin meets every student's demonstrated need with scholarships and campus employment-not loans. We offer two different calculators to help you estimate your family's share of the cost to attend Bowdoin. Every student's situation is different, and we encourage you to reach out at any time with questions. Have five minutes? Answer six basic questions to get a sense of what you can expect to pay at Bowdoin. (This tool does not apply to Canadian or other international students.) Do you have eleven minutes? Associate Director of Student Aid LK Gagnon will cover everything you need to know before you apply for aid at Bowdoin. Where to next? Office of Student Aid Apply for Aid NetPrice Calculator Mailing Address: 6000 College Station Brunswick, Maine 04011 GPS Address: 255 Maine Street Brunswick, Maine 04011 (207) 725-3000 Contact Us Make a Gift Request Info Employment Offices & Services A-Z Accessibility Academic Calendar Directory Title IX Policies Facebook Youtube Twitter Instagram