Top of page Menu About Academics Admissions Campus Life Arts News Athletics Calendar Info for Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Families Community Giving Directory Search Bowdoin College Search Office of Student Aid Ashby House, 254 Maine St. (207) 725-3144 M-F, 8:30-5:00 Staff Directory International Students Bowdoin meets all admitted international students' full demonstrated need with a small on-campus work expectation and scholarships. International applicants: If you are an international applicant (excluding Canadians), you only need to submit student aid application materials if you are admitted to Bowdoin. Requirements for current applicants Canadian Aid Applicants Required Documents for Canadian Applicants 2027-2028 CSS Profile (code 3089) - available October 1 Parents' official tax/income documentation for the 2025 calendar year via IDOC 2025 Canadian Tax Return (Form T1s) 2025 Canadian T4 Wage Statements International Aid Applicants International applicants for the Class of 2031 are not required to submit student aid application materials until they are admitted to Bowdoin. If admitted, you will be provided with detailed instructions from the Bowdoin Student Aid Office about submission of your financial aid application materials. Admitted students should expect to submit all financial aid materials within seven days of your admission offer. Bowdoin will send your aid decision within seven days of receiving your completed application via your admission portal. Requirements for returning students Current Canadian Students Required Documents for Returning Canadian Students 2027-2028 CSS Profile (code 3089) - available October 1 Parents' official tax/income documentation for the 2025 calendar year via IDOC 2025 Canadian Tax Return (Form T1s) 2025 Canadian T4 Wage Statements Current International Students International applicants are required to submit a 2027-2028 CSS Profile (code 3089) to apply for financial aid. If you are unable to submit the CSS Profile or paying the fee would present a financial burden, you may complete and upload the International Student Financial Aid Application (ISFAA) instead. Exchange Rate Your student financial aid package from Bowdoin will reflect the prevailing exchange rate when packages are determined. You should report income and asset data in your local currency on the CSS Profile. If a currency exchange rate changes more than 10% of the rate used in an initial aid determination, students can request a review of the exchange rate only once per academic year. Reviews can be done in either mid-July or mid-December - before payment of the student account to consider the rate that would impact the families from that country close to the time of payment. If the exchange rate change is less than 10%, there will be no adjustment. If the rate change is 10% or more, there will be a full year adjustment if the review is completed in mid-July and a spring-only adjustment if the review is done in mid-December. In this section Cost of Attendance Estimate Aid Apply for Aid Eligibility Noncustodial Parents International Students Transfer Students Undocumented Students QuestBridge Off-Campus Study IDOC Trusts Types of Aid FAQs MyAid Portal After Bowdoin Consumer Information Contact Mailing Address: 6000 College Station Brunswick, Maine 04011 GPS Address: 255 Maine Street Brunswick, Maine 04011 (207) 725-3000 Contact Us Make a Gift Request Info Employment Offices & Services A-Z Accessibility Academic Calendar Directory Title IX Policies Facebook Youtube Twitter Instagram