Top of page Menu About Academics Admissions Campus Life Arts News Athletics Calendar Info for Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Families Community Giving Directory Search Bowdoin College Search Office of Student Aid Ashby House, 254 Maine St. (207) 725-3144 M-F, 8:30-5:00 Staff Directory Apply for Aid Ready to begin applying for financial aid at Bowdoin? Here's what you need to know to get started. The requirements to apply for aid depend on your citizenship status. 2027-2028 financial aid forms will become available on October 1 . We recommend completing financial aid application requirements before the published deadline. Requirements for US Citizens and Eligible Non-Citizens 2027-2028 CSS Profile (code 3089) 2027-2028 FAFSA (code 002038) 2025 US tax documents (if applicable) Requirements for International Applicants Effective beginning with applicants for the Class of 2031: International applicants (excluding Canadians) only need to submit student aid application materials if admitted to Bowdoin. Deadlines and Calendar Early Decision 1: November 15 Early Decision 2: January 5 Regular Decision: February 1 Transfer: March 3 Continuing Bowdoin Students: February 15 International applicants: If you are an international applicant (excluding Canadians), you only need to submit student aid application materials if you are admitted to Bowdoin. If this is your first time applying for aid at Bowdoin and your parents are divorced, separated, or never married , then each household must submit a CSS Profile and 2025 tax documents (if applicable). Bowdoin may waive a noncustodial parent's participation in extreme circumstances. You will learn more information about which documents are required once you complete the CSS Profile and access IDOC. Please submit all tax and other documents through IDOC . To determine the status of aid application documents, applicants to the College should check their Bowdoin admissions portal and continuing Bowdoin students should check the "Documents" section of their MyAid portal . We require the FAFSA and the CSS Profile because we use each form for different purposes. We use the FAFSA to determine US citizens' and eligible non-citizens' eligibility for federal student aid, and we use the CSS Profile to determine each aid applicant's eligibility for financial aid from Bowdoin College. Federal Policy on Professional Judgment (PJ) Any applicant or current student may pursue a request for reconsideration of their federal aid eligibility based on special and/or unusual circumstance(s) that impact their ability to pay. Per federal regulations, Professional Judgment (PJ) is a responsibility placed upon Financial Aid Administrators to use on a case-by-case basis and routinely requires documentation to support such requests. It is best to begin this process by speaking with your student aid counselor regarding questions or concerns, and to gain a better sense of our Request for Review process. Any adjustment of need-based institutional aid requires this request form and documentation. In this section Cost of Attendance Estimate Aid Apply for Aid Eligibility Noncustodial Parents International Students Transfer Students Undocumented Students QuestBridge Off-Campus Study IDOC Trusts Types of Aid FAQs MyAid Portal After Bowdoin Consumer Information Contact The Office of Student Aid is happy to help you through the process of applying for financial aid. Please contact us by email or by phone at (207) 725-3144 if you need assistance. Mailing Address: 6000 College Station Brunswick, Maine 04011 GPS Address: 255 Maine Street Brunswick, Maine 04011 (207) 725-3000 Contact Us Make a Gift Request Info Employment Offices & Services A-Z Accessibility Academic Calendar Directory Title IX Policies Facebook Youtube Twitter Instagram