Policies & Regulations FAQS az en BHOS LMS TMS About About BHOS News Brand Guidelines Facts and Figures Leadership Reception days Administration Vacancies Sustainability in BHOS Committees Academics Academic Calendar Foundation Course Undergraduate Graduate PhD Higher Education for Professional Development Executive Education Admission Undergraduate Postgraduate PhD Tuition & Costs International International Collaboration Admission International Programmes Office Multiculturalism Useful information Campus Life Campus Facilities Student Life BHOS Alumni Gallery Transportation Research Units & Centers Conferences and Forums Library Virtual laboratory Scholarship Opportunities Grant named after Heydar Aliyev Intergovernmental Scholarship Admission You are here: Home International Admission Admission Scholarship Opportunities Application process Visa and migration FAQs Application process International student admission to BHOS takes place once a year , starting in May and ending in August . The academic year begins in September and concludes in May . Before applying , please carefully review the programs available on the BHOS website https://bhos.edu.az/en/page/29/curriculum-structure and select the program you wish to enroll in. International applicants must complete the following steps: Application Steps: Visit portal.edu.az and create a personal account. Enter your personal information (full name, passport details, contact information, address, etc.). Upload the required documents listed below. Secondary School Certificate (for applicants to BEng programmes)/ Bachelor's or Master's degree diploma (for applicants to graduate and Phd programmes) /any other relevant valid education document (duly legalized or Apostiled; translated into English/Russian and duly notarized); Transcript of records (duly legalized or Apostiled; translated into English/Russian and duly notarized); General medical certificate and health certificate certifying that the person is not carrier of a virus of any disease included in the list of dangerous infectious diseases as well as HIV, Hepatitis B and C) approved by the relevant medical authority (translated into English/Russian and duly notarized); Please note that additional medical reports may also be required. Valid passport; For bachelor's degree IELTS 5.0 (with a minimum 5.0 score in each of the 4 sections) or TOEFL IBT 45-54 certificates (valid for two years after the test date); Certificates, diplomas and any other related documents (if available); Criminal history clearance (translated into English/Russian and duly notarized). If you have any questions, please contact info@bhos.edu.az . The Ministry of Science and Education calls prospective students not to fall for scams and avoid brokers The Ministry of Science and Education of the Republic of Azerbaijan received some information on fraud attempts in the admission process of international students to higher education institutions of the Republic of Azerbaijan. Some international students may have been deceived to pay some amount to scammers promising their admission to Azerbaijani universities. The Ministry of Science and Education call all prospective international students to be careful and not to approach brokers for their admission applications. SIA: CAS ("Study in Azerbaijan: Centralised Admission Service") / portal.edu.az is an official portal of the Ministry of Science and Education where prospective students can find all universities operating in Azerbaijan and make direct applications to the universities on the portal free of charge. We would like to emphasize again that there is no application fee on portal.edu.az.The portal operates both in English enabling all foreign individuals to use it freely. The Ministry of Science and Education of the Republic of Azerbaijan invites all applicants to apply to the universities individually through portal.edu.az and not fall victim to scammers. Note Submission of your documents does not guarantee your enrollment in the relevant programme. Only a complete document package will be reviewed and shortlisted candidates will be contacted and interviewed if required. After admission to the respective programme and arrival in Baku, your original documents must be translated into Azerbaijani language and duly notarized (expenses to be covered by students themselves). Upon arrival in Azerbaijan, you should also prepare your documents required for migration procedures to avoid any challenges or penalties for your free stay and residence in the territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan. We value your opinion. Let us know right away! Suggestion and complaints About About BHOS News Brand Guidelines Facts and Figures Leadership Reception days Administration Vacancies Sustainability in BHOS Committees Academics Academic Calendar Foundation Course Undergraduate Graduate PhD Higher Education for Professional Development Executive Education Admission Undergraduate Postgraduate PhD Tuition & Costs International International Collaboration Admission International Programmes Office Multiculturalism Useful information Campus Life Campus Facilities Student Life BHOS Alumni Gallery Transportation Research Units & Centers Conferences and Forums Library Virtual laboratory Scholarship Opportunities Grant named after Heydar Aliyev Intergovernmental Scholarship (+994 12) 521 33 63 (+994 12) 521 33 65 info@bhos.edu.az Campus: Yeni Salyan Highway 3rd km, 25, Sabail district, Bibiheybat settlement, Baku, Azerbaijan (Az.1023) (View on Google Maps) White City Building: AZ 1025, Baku, Khatai district, 8 November Avenue, Entrance 64 Follow us: Copyright © 2026 Baku Higher Oil School. All Rights Reserved.