JP Download Infosession Application Open Campus About About Top About About Us History & Milestones Why NUCB Ranking & Accreditation Leadership Facilities Facts and Figures University Anthem News In the Media Press Release Employment Learning Environment Undergraduate School FAQ Nisshin Campus Nagoya Campus Graduate School Nagoya Campus Faculty & Research Faculty & Research Top Faculty Faculty Research Syllabus Research Centers Case Center Japan Central Information Center Center for Entrepreneurs Center for Case Method Center for Family Business Center for Strategic Management Educational Initiatives Case Method Technology-Assisted Learning Case Method Virtual Experience Days Intensive Education Program Programs Programs Top Undergraduate Programs Global BBA - EN BBA BSc in Management BSc in Economics BSc in Commerce BA in International Studies Graduate Programs NUCB Business School - MBA/MSc Johns Hopkins University 4+1 Secondary Education NUCB International College NUCB International High School Dormitory Dormitory Top Student Support Tuition & Scholarship Dormitories Scholarship Other Support Student Support Academic Support Admissions Admissions Top Admissions Admission Information Application Guide 2027 Transfer Admissions Tuition Events Virtual Info Sessions Open Campus Student Voices FAQ Experience Experience Top International Programs Double Degree Program Exchange Program Short-term Programs Language Program Gap Year Program Global Field Study Program Volunteer Projects International Support Partner Schools Scholarship News FAQ Career Career Top Career Support Career Support Center Support for Certifications International Internship Career Support News FAQ Campus Campus Top Nisshin Campus Campus Introduction Learning Environment Access News FAQ Campus Life School Festival Clubs Sports Facilities JP JP Top Visitor Visitor: Facts & Figures Japanese Track Returnees(JP) Current Students Alumni Site Map Privacy Policy Employment Contact Official Online Store Access & Contact Admissions Download Infosession Application Open Campus Access & Contact Japanese HOME About About Top About About Us History & Milestones Why NUCB Ranking & Accreditation Leadership Facilities Facts and Figures University Anthem News In the Media Press Release Employment Learning Environment Undergraduate School FAQ Nisshin Campus Nagoya Campus Graduate School Nagoya Campus Faculty & Research Faculty & Research Top Faculty Faculty Research Syllabus Research Centers Case Center Japan Central Information Center Center for Entrepreneurs Center for Case Method Center for Family Business Center for Strategic Management Educational Initiatives Case Method Technology-Assisted Learning Case Method Virtual Experience Days Intensive Education Program Programs Programs Top Undergraduate Programs Global BBA - EN BBA BSc in Management BSc in Economics BSc in Commerce BA in International Studies Graduate Programs NUCB Business School - MBA/MSc Johns Hopkins University 4+1 Secondary Education NUCB International College NUCB International High School Dormitory Dormitory Top Student Support Tuition & Scholarship Dormitories Scholarship Other Support Student Support Academic Support Admissions Admissions Top Admissions Admission Information Application Guide 2027 Transfer Admissions Tuition Events Virtual Info Sessions Open Campus Student Voices FAQ Experience Experience Top International Programs Double Degree Program Exchange Program Short-term Programs Language Program Gap Year Program Global Field Study Program Volunteer Projects International Support Partner Schools Scholarship News FAQ Career Career Top Career Support Career Support Center Support for Certifications International Internship Career Support News FAQ Campus Campus Top Nisshin Campus Campus Introduction Learning Environment Access News FAQ Campus Life School Festival Clubs Sports Facilities JP JP Top Commonly searched keywords： Visitor: Facts & Figures Japanese Track Returnees(JP) Current Students Alumni Admission Q&A TOP Admissions FAQ If the FAQs (Frequently Asked Questions) below do not answer your questions, you may contact us through our Contact page. GENERAL ADMISSIONS FAQ What courses are available in English at NUCB? You will be able to gain a 4-year Global Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) accredited by AACSB. No Japanese language is required but is built into the curriculum. Is NUCB internationally recognized? Since 2006, NUCB has been part of only a select group of universities worldwide to hold the prestigious AACSB accreditation. There are 845 business institutions in 56 countries and territories that have earned AACSB Accreditation. That means that less than 5 percent of the more than 16,000 schools worldwide granting business degrees have earned AACSB Accreditation. What are the education requirements for application? For most applicants, this means you must have graduated or be scheduled from a 12-year standard education curriculum. For further information please refer here . How do I apply to NUCB? Please follow the steps below. For uploading digital copies of application material, please refer here . STEP 1 Online Application Confirm your eligibility in the application guide, then complete the online application. STEP 2 Payment Please pay the application fee via credit card. STEP 3 Upload your Documents Upload your documents digitally on the online submission portal. STEP 4 Issuing Interview Information Those that are accepted past the document review stage will be invited to interview. STEP 5 Admission Result Notification will be sent via email to all applicants. Online Application Document Submission Global BBA Application Guide READ MORE I am currently in my last year of high school. When should I submit my application? If you are currently in your last year of high school, you may apply at any time during the application period as long as you will graduate before enrolling. If you apply to NUCB before graduating from high school, you will be required to submit your most recent official transcripts with your application. If you are accepted to NUCB and decide to enroll, you will need to submit proof of high school graduation (such as a high school diploma or graduation certificate) before enrollment. I have Japanese citizenship, am I eligible to apply? Yes, all nationalities are welcome to apply to our Global BBA program. When and where will the interview be held? An interview is required of all applicants. All interviews are held online. Any tips for the Essays? Essays play a critical role in evaluating your candidacy for our university. Each essay question presents an opportunity for us to gain deeper insights into your unique qualities and motivations. Plagiarism, including any content generated by Chat GPT, is strictly prohibited and will result in the failure of your application. Please ensure that each of your answers is concise and focused, allowing you to present your ideas clearly within the suggested word limit per question. You may use any standard formatting (font size, margins, etc.) to fit your responses within the given constraint. Responses that exceed the one-page limit for any question may not be considered for evaluation. I see NUCB has multiple rounds for application. Can I apply multiple times a year? Yes, you can, but you cannot apply twice within the same stage. I have never been to Japan and I do not speak Japanese. Can I still study at NUCB? Yes. Many of our international students have never visited Japan or studied Japanese before studying at NUCB. it is highly encouraged for you to start learning basic Japanese on your own before coming to NUCB. This will ensure you have a smooth start to life in Japan. We also have Japanese built into the curriculum through to varying difficulty levels. Is Japanese required for graduation? There is no requirement to attain a Japanese Proficiency level in order to graduate, for example, JLPT N2. However, NUCB encourages students to continue their Japanese studies beyond the minimum requirement as Japanese language skills greatly benefit students when interacting with the local community and when applying for jobs. Is English proficiency required to all applicants? An official score such as TOEFL, IELTS or TOEIC is required of all non-native speakers unless the language of instruction at high school was 100% in English. We also accept Duolingo English Test as well as TOEFL Home Edition. Please check here for the required scores. Can I submit an official English test score slightly after the deadline? Submitting documents past the deadline may be possible depending on the circumstances. Please contact the admissions team in advance. Can I re-use my application documents for another application stage? No, we will discard all application documents once all admission rounds are over. Is an IB score, SAT or ACT required to apply? NUCB conducts a holistic overview of applicants and there are no requirements for SAT or ACT. However, if you have SAT or ACT and would like to include it to strengthen your application, please submit it along with your application. Is "Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU)" required for English-medium Undergraduate Programs? No. International students are not required to submit EJU scores for application to English-medium Undergraduate Programs. I cannot pay the application fee using a credit card, what should I do? There are two methods of payment; credit card payment and bank transfer. If you have any difficulties, please contact the admissions team. How many letters of recommendation do I need to submit? One letter of recommendation is usually sufficient. It should be written by an individual qualified to write about your potential for success in a business program from the applicant's most recent educational institution. Can I still apply if I have less than 12 years of education? You may apply to the university if you have completed more than 11-years of education at an educational institution designated by Japan's Ministry of Education (MEXT), even though your country's standard length of education is 11 years. If your education system only requires 10 or 11 years to finish high school then you will need to attend pre-university courses or the equivalent until you fulfill the 12-year education requirement. For more details, please contact the Admissions team before applying. Am I required to send original documents with my application? Is it possible to send a photocopy instead? During the initial stage, applicants upload digital copies of their application online. Admitted students who are planning to enroll must then submit either original certificates or certified documents. (A certified document is one that has been marked as being equivalent to the original with a stamp or seal by the issuing institution (preferred) or a notary public). "The Original" means a paper-based document issued and hand-stamped/hand-signed by an institute and/or a individual with authority to issue and verify such document May I submit my application materials online? NUCB Undergraduate School can accept digital copies for application to the Global BBA Program. Please upload documents here . For documents not written in English or Japanese, please also upload an official translation that includes the translator's name, address, contact details, and signature or official seal. After being accepted to NUCB, enrolling students must submit original documents or certified documents* for the uploaded application documents to NUCB Nisshin Campus by post. If the original or certified documents* submitted after acceptance differ from the digital copies uploaded with the online application, or if enrolling students are not able to submit original or certified documents*, acceptance to NUCB will be revoked. Please be sure to keep the original versions of the documents you upload with your online application. *A certified document is one that has been marked as being equivalent to the original with a stamp or seal by the issuing institution (preferred) or a notary public. What happens if an application is submitted without an application fee? NUCB will not screen applications without confirming the payment of the application fee. In principle, NUCB will not contact applicants regarding unpaid application fees. How long does it take until I receive my admission result? After completing your interview, your application will be screened and you will receive your notification as stated in the application guide. We will not respond to inquiries by email or phone. TRANSFER ADMISSIONS FAQ Do you accept transfer admissions? NUCB is currently not accepting transfer admissions. ENROLLMENT & STUDENT VISA FAQ When am I supposed to arrive in Japan? NUCB will advise you on the dates that you should arrive on campus. You should not arrive on campus earlier than the specified dates as there will be no available rooms in the dormitory, and you will have to look for your own accommodation. I cannot afford to pay the amount listed in the Enrollment Procedure all at once. Can I pay in installments or after I arrive in Japan? No. In order to begin your Certificate of Eligibility (COE) application process, NUCB must be able to confirm that you are financially able to support the cost of studying in Japan. For this reason, we must receive all fee payments before beginning the COE process. For more information regarding the Certificate of Eligibility (COE), please see the About Student Visa section below. What assistance does NUCB provide to help me when I first arrive? We hold several orientation sessions for new students before classes start. We have lots of friendly staff and current students to help you adjust to your new life in Japan. What is a student visa? A student visa is issued by your local Japanese embassy/consulate and grants you permission to enter Japan for an extended period of time and undertake university-level studies. However, before you can apply for a student visa, you must obtain a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) What is a Certificate of Eligibility (COE)? A Certificate of Eligibility (COE) is a document that is required to obtain a visa and is issued by the Immigration Bureau of Japan. If you are accepted and plan to enroll at NUCB, NUCB will apply for the COE on your behalf once you complete all enrollment procedures. When the Immigration Bureau of Japan issues your COE, NUCB will send it to you by registered mail. You must then apply at your local Japanese Embassy/Consulate for your student visa. Be sure to inquire the Japanese Embassy/Consulate in advance about what documents are necessary to apply for a student visa and have them ready. How can I apply for Student Visa? International students need to follow the procedure below to apply for a student visa: Complete "Certificate of Eligibility" (COE) form sent by the Admissions Office If you have been accepted to NUCB and have paid all required fees, you will receive CoE and "Letter of Admission" (LoA) from NUCB Apply for a Student Visa at the nearest Japanese diplomatic mission (embassy or consulate) by submitting both CoE and LoA NUCB works very closely with every applicant and the Immigration Bureau to make sure applicants are able to receive their COE and student visa. You must submit all required documents (original copies only) with correct information to be able to receive your visa on time. Please be advised that the Immigration Bureau of Japan and your local Japanese embassy/consulate make all final decisions. Campus Life FAQ READ MORE +81-(0)561-73-1202 4-4 Sagamine, Komenoki-cho, Nisshin, Aichi, 470-0193, Japan NUCB Undergraduate School - International Admissions Office intl_adm@nucba.ac.jp Commonly searched keywords： Nisshin Campus 4-4 Sagamine Komenoki, Nisshin Aichi Japan 470-0193 Tel: +81(0)561-73-2111 +81(0)561-73-3006 (Admission) Email: intl_adm@nucba.ac.jp Open Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00-17:00 Nagoya Campus 1-20-1 Nishiki Naka-ku, Nagoya Aichi Japan 460-0003 Tel: +81-(0)52-223-3111 Open Hours: Tue.-Sat. 9:00-17:00 Global BBA, Global MBA, Weekend MBA, Full-time MBA, Part-time MBA, Evening MBA, and MBA Plus are registered trademarks of NUCB. Site Map Privacy Policy Employment Contact Official Online Store Copyright © NUCB Undergraduate School. All rights reserved. BBA Programs Global BBA BBA BSc in Management Department of Management Department of MIS News Faculty BSc in Economics Department of Economics Department of Policy Management News Faculty BSc in Commerce Department of Marketing Department of Accounting & Finance News Faculty BA in Int'l Studies Department of British and American Studies Department of Global Studies News Faculty