Navigation und Service Direkt zu: Content Main navigation Search Main navigation Research Study About LMU DE Switch to German / Zur deutschen Sprachversion Open / close search You are in the following website hierarchy: Home Study Degree students You are here: Steps to studying at LMU International applicants: How to go about studying? The academic and administrative institutions which play a key role when you apply and register - and the stages leading to completing the application process - depend on... Enlarge © Criss Hohmann the qualifications you have already obtained. If you have a German Abitur (higher education qualification) certificate, for example, you will have what's known as Bildungsinländer status (equivalent to German school leavers), even if you do not have German nationality your nationality - EU/EEA citizen, non-EU/EEA citizen, German the type of degree you hope to acquire - bachelor's, master's, State Examination ( Staatsexamen ) or doctoral degree the degree program language the admission regulations for your chosen degree program - restricted admission (numerus clausus) or non-restricted admission, with aptitude assessment, pre-registration or academic advising and orientation Your journey to studying at LMU Check the prerequisites for admission to the degree program of your choice The following general information applies to all applicants: The first academic prerequisite for studying at a university in Germany is the university entrance qualification known as Abitur or an equivalent school leaving certificate. You will also need to furnish evidence of proficiency in German , unless you are applying for an English-taught master's, double degree or doctoral degree program. Specific prerequisites for certain degree programs: Those interested in studying should also find out well in advance about any specific application procedures that need to be followed for their chosen degree program. Degree programs are divided into the following categories: 1. Degree programs without admission restrictions: Degree programs with pre-registration or academic advising and orientation Degree programs with aptitude assessments (mainly master's degree programs, but also some undergraduate degree programs) Degree programs without pre-registration or academic advising and orientation and without an aptitude assessment 2. Degree programs with admission restrictions ("numerus clausus" subjects): Degree programs with national admission restrictions: Medicine, Dentistry, Veterinary Medicine, Pharmacy Degree programs with local admission restrictions (i.e. admission restrictions at LMU) First, clarify which of the above categories your chosen degree program falls into, and then refer to the website of your desired course to see whether there are any special admission requirements. Please note: If you wish to combine a major with a minor subject, you will need to check the admission conditions for each subject. For example, the main subject may have admission restrictions whilst the minor subject is without, or the other way round. Be sure about the deadlines All international applicants have to apply for their place. Depending on your nationality and the country in which you acquired your school leaving certificate, you will need to apply via the International Office, the Office of the University Registrar, or the SfH (Foundation for University Admissions). It is very important to get your application in before the deadline! For each of your chosen subjects (major and minor), please check to see which application procedures and deadlines apply. The deadlines may differ for each. For example: The deadline for applications (via the International Office / the Office of the University Registrar) is - 15 January for the summer semester and - 15 July for the winter semester . If you wish to embark on a degree program with pre-registration, academic advising and orientation or an aptitude assessment, you additionally need to apply - as early as possible - to the respective institute or faculty for admission to the degree program in question. The respective institute will tell you the dates for aptitude testing or pre-registration. These are also listed on the corresponding website. Please also note the language schools' deadlines for language examinations . Apply for your place International applicants will find all the information they need under applications for admission . Further information in the video about the international bachelor application . Register at LMU If you have fulfilled all requirements and adhered to deadlines, you will receive a letter of admission. This letter contains all the information you will need in order to register at LMU. Related links All degrees and programs Study in Germany Hochschulkompass: Degree programs in Germany Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (DAAD) up Share To share copy Link Share on Facebook Share on Bluesky Share on LinkedIn Related links Home Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Routing Facebook Bluesky Instagram LinkedIn Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1 D-80539 München Tel: +49 89 2180-0 Fax: +49 89 2180-2322 Related links Sitemap Privacy policy Imprint Accessibility Press Room LMU Shop LMU München © 2021 What are you looking for? main website all LMU sites More information about Google data transfer in LMU's Privacy Policy. close