Navigation und Service Direkt zu: Content Main navigation Search Main navigation Research Study About LMU DE Switch to German / Zur deutschen Sprachversion Open / close search You are in the following website hierarchy: Home Study Degree students You are here: Applications for admission Applications for admission Find out how you go about applying to study at LMU Munich as an international degree student. Skip to content Where do I apply? Applications to the International Office Application documents Any questions? Related links Show more Where do I apply? Who is responsible for my application? Read more If you fulfill all the prerequisites for studying at LMU Munich, you can start the application process. International applicants (without German nationality) who wish to study at LMU will generally need to submit their application to the International Office. However, in certain cases they will need to apply to the Office of the University Registrar ( Studentenkanzlei ) or the Foundation for University Admission ( Stiftung für Hochschulzulassung ). So, please first find out where you need to apply ! If you want to study a subject for which you have to go through an aptitude assessment, you will be required to apply additionally in time via the respective institute . You can find out the registration dates at the respective institute. Please check the list of subjects to see if you want to choose such a subject. Applications to the International Office If the International Office is responsible for processing your application, you have to apply to them for admission to the University. To do so, complete the form and submit it before the stipulated deadline together with all the documents required. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us: International Admissions opening hours Deadlines for submission 15 January for the summer semester 15 July for the winter semester (Deadline - receipt by LMU) Postal address Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität International Office - Zulassung Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1 80539 München Germany Please note Please specify when sending documents: "Documents only", Amount 0 €. Customs duties payable by the sender. If customs duties are incurred, we cannot accept the documents. We recommend shipping via courier service or registered mail if you would like to track your package. Application form Application for admission for international applicants (PDF, 622 KB) For the Master's programs Allgemeine und vergleichende Literaturwissenschaft, Art History, Biochemistry, Bioinformatics, Buchwissenschaft, Chemistry, Epidemiology (WS), Germanistische Literaturwissenschaft, History, Informa tics, Mathematics, Media informatics, Mensch-Computer-Interaktion, Quantitative Economics (WS), Slavistik, Sociology (WS) and Statistics & Data Science please use the online portal MoveIN . The portal is open from 15 May 2026 until 15 July 2026. More information: Infosheet (PDF, 247 KB) International Admissions: Counseling Contact details for your point of contact for applications, admission, and registration Tips and notes on completing the application Checklist (PDF, 494 KB) Application information sheet for non-EU/EEA citizens (PDF, 184 KB) Application information sheet for EU/EEA citizens (PDF, 162 KB) Information on certified copies and translations (PDF, 113 KB) Important dates and addresses (PDF, 123 KB) Change of subject More information for change of subject Frequently asked questions FAQs - General questions on studying at LMU FAQs - Application status and registration Guidelines for applications Master's degree programs Doctoral studies Preparatory courses at the Studienkolleg Double degrees Medicine and Pharmacy Application documents All international applicants Application form: Application for admission for international applicants (PDF, 622 KB) Please attach the following documents : University admission qualification (generally Abitur certificate or equivalent school leaving certificate; where applicable: school leaving certificate in combination with a university entrance examination certificate or a certificate from a one-year higher education course or university certificate). You can refer to the website Anabin or the DAAD database to find out whether your school leaving certificate qualifies you to embark on a degree program at a German university. in the original language - as an officially certified copy with an officially certified translation . Certificates in English, French, Italian, Catalan, Latin, Portuguese, Rumanian and Spanish do not have to be translated. A recognition letter from the Zeugnisanerkennungsstelle für den Freistaat Bayern (ZAST) is required for holders of the International Baccalaureate IB ( guide (PDF, 339 KB) ) who have not yet received their final certificate, Applicants from the USA (unless they already hold a bachelor's degree) and applicants from Afghanistan should send an e-mail to zulassung.international@lmu.de in good time before the application deadline, enclosing their certificates, CV and the desired LMU degree program, in order to prepare for the issuing of a recognition letter the Zeugnisanerkennungsstelle für den Freistaat Bayern. The International Admissions office also reserves the right to require a recognition letter from Zeugnisanerkennungsstelle in other individual cases. Applicants with school leaving certificates and/or university degrees from the PR China , India and Vietnam should submit the certificate from the Akademische Prüfstelle bei der Deutschen Botschaft (APS) . Evidence of proficiency in German , uncertified copy (exception: master's degree programs, doctoral studies and double degree programs where the course language is English) Updated resume (please see sample (PDF, 135 KB) ) Expert reports, letters of recommendation or internship certificates are not required when applying to the International Office. If you want to study a subject for which you have to go through an aptitude assessment, pre-registration or study orientation process , you will be required to apply additionally in time via the respective institute . You can find out the registration dates at the respective institute. Please check the list of subjects to see if you want to choose such a subject. In addition - if you have studied at university before All university certificates and diplomas and all transcripts of records in the original language - as an officially certified copy . Applicants from the USA require transcripts in a sealed university envelope. with an officially certified translation . Certificates in English, French, Italian, Catalan, Latin, Portuguese, Rumanian and Spanish do not have to be translated. Where applicable, registration and confirmation of programs previously studied at any other German university If you are applying for a master's degree program : Letter of acceptance for the master's degree program from the coordinator of the degree program (can be handed in later during registration) If you are applying for doctoral studies : Letter of acceptance for doctoral studies from the respective doctoral committee and supervisory agreement signed by the prospective supervisor. In addition - if you are applying to change your program or university Evidence of all courses completed to date (applications without such evidence will not be processed!) Where applicable, notice of transfer of credit from the respective examination board for an advanced semester In addition - if you are married or have changed your name Marriage certificate or official notice of change of name Some documents must be attached as officially certified copies (not original certificates). In some cases, you will also need to submit an officially certified translation . Ready to apply at LMU Munich? With the application checklist (PDF, 494 KB) you can make sure you have all the required documents. Any questions? Admissions consultation If you click to view this video your personal data will be transmitted to YouTube and cookies may also be stored on your device. LMU has no influence over how any such data is transmitted or indeed over its further usage. More information available here: LMU data protection policy , data protection policy from YouTube / Google I acknowledge that I have read and understood the information concerning the protection of my data and am willing to display the embedded content despite potential risks. 3 min | 15 Mar 2021 | ©LMU, International Office Related links Health insurance regulations for international applicants Visa regulations for international applicants Residency regulations for international applicants Information for refugees and asylum-seekers up Share To share copy Link Share on Facebook Share on Bluesky Share on LinkedIn Related links Home Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Routing Facebook Bluesky Instagram LinkedIn Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1 D-80539 München Tel: +49 89 2180-0 Fax: +49 89 2180-2322 Related links Sitemap Privacy policy Imprint Accessibility Press Room LMU Shop LMU München © 2021 What are you looking for? main website all LMU sites More information about Google data transfer in LMU's Privacy Policy. close