Navigation und Service Direkt zu: Content Main navigation Search Main navigation Research Study About LMU DE Switch to German / Zur deutschen Sprachversion Open / close search You are in the following website hierarchy: Home Study Degree students Prerequisites You are here: German proficiency German proficiency In order to study at LMU, you will need to provide evidence that you are proficient in German. An exception is made for master's degree programs and doctoral degree programs which are taught in English. Skip to content German proficiency (registration) Submission of language proficiency proof (application) German language courses German proficiency (registration) The following certificates are accepted as proof of proficiency for registration, they are unlimited valid: DSH 2: Certificate stating that you have passed the LMU German language test for university admission for international students. More information: German courses at Munich University We also accept DSH-2 certificates of other German universities (if the certificates comply with the examination regulations). TestDaF-Niveaustufe 4: The German as a Foreign Language test with a level 4 in all sections. If you fail to reach level 4 in any of the sections, we regret that we cannot accept you. The European language certificate: telc German C1 University German language diploma from the Kultusministerkonferenz : second level (DSD II) German language test II : by the Munich Institute of Languages and Interpreters Goethe Certificate C2: GDS from the Goethe Institute ÖSD Zertifikat C2 (Austrian Language Diploma C2) Leaving certificate from an institute of higher education in Germany (at least to grammar school, preparatory college, university of applied sciences, or university level) or a corresponding certificate from Austria, Luxembourg, South Tyrol or German-speaking Switzerland in the case of verifiably German taught programs "Gemischtsprachiges International Baccalaureate" (GIB), if the IB subjects Biology and History were taught in German Submission of language proficiency proof (application) 1. Non-EU citizens applying for a subject with admission restrictions You must submit one of the above certificates by the closing date for applications (15 July / 15 January). We cannot accept late submissions! 2. Non-EU citizens applying for a subject without admission restrictions or Studienkolleg If you are not an EU citizen and you are applying to study a subject without admission restrictions but have not yet obtained a language certificate , you can provide evidence of your proficiency in German by signing up for an intensive German language course (or another B2 certificate not older than 12 months): you will have to reach at least B2 level of the European reference guidelines in order to qualify. Please note that without this certificate, your application will be rejected! German language schools abroad have to be certified by the Goethe-Institut. If you have completed an intensive German course, you must have done so within 12 months of the end of the closing date for applications (15 Jan / 15 Jul respectively) and the B2 certificate must not be older than 12 months. A certificate of attendance (completion of the course) must be presented. A confirmation of registration is not sufficient. This certification confirms your level of learning at the time of your application. You must then pass the DSH 2 language test or obtain one of the other C1/C2-certificates ( see above list ) before you register (exception: Studienkolleg) . Studying German at a university abroad does not class as evidence of proficiency in German! When applying, you have to prove a minimum knowledge on a B2 level. If you are not able to prove your minimum knowledge through a current certificate of attendance or an equivalent language certificate, you do not fulfill the admission requirements. Please note that the International Office invites you to take the DSH-Certificate, but you are responsible for registering yourself. If you decide not to take this exam, you have to submit an equivalent language certificate ( see above list ) within the registration deadline. Preliminary examination results or results via email are not valid, only the original certificate is valid. Equally, for registration purposes you will need the original certificate. 3. EU citizens applying for a subject without admission restrictions EU citizens who have not acquired a language diploma must provide evidence of having passed the DSH 2 language test or one of the other certificates ( see above list ), by the time they register. German language courses LMU Munich and affiliated institutions offer preparatory and study-related language courses for international students. up Share To share copy Link Share on Facebook Share on Bluesky Share on LinkedIn Related links Home Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Routing Facebook Bluesky Instagram LinkedIn Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1 D-80539 München Tel: +49 89 2180-0 Fax: +49 89 2180-2322 Related links Sitemap Privacy policy Imprint Accessibility Press Room LMU Shop LMU München © 2021 What are you looking for? main website all LMU sites More information about Google data transfer in LMU's Privacy Policy. close