Navigation und Service Direkt zu: Content Main navigation Search Main navigation Research Study About LMU DE Switch to German / Zur deutschen Sprachversion Open / close search You are in the following website hierarchy: Home Workspace for Students You are here: International Student Guide International Student Guide Welcome to LMU Munich, one of Europe's leading research universities in a lively and exciting city! Becoming part of LMU's diverse community - no matter how long for - will open up a world of intellectual and professional opportunities to you. Before you depart Join LMU Munich's exciting international community! Before you arrive at LMU, there's a lot to do, and the University is here to help. There are some things that need to get done at home before you arrive - and some things that will just make your transition to Munich that much easier! Health and safety Living costs Housing Finance your studies Pre-departure checklist Read more Entry requirements and visas Read more Course registration process Read more When you arrive Help is at hand There are a number of things that you'll want to take care of once you arrive in Munich. But don't worry - LMU can help you manage them. Pretty soon you'll be properly settled and focusing on studying and enjoying Munich! Registering your address Residence permit Opening a bank account Setting up your WiFi connection Arrival checklist Read more Finding your way around campus Read more Working in Germany Read more Student life Sport, Art, and entertainment Want to try skiing? Or is music more your thing? You can try it all while studying at LMU Munich. Student life here is lively and varied - and you'll be making new friends in no time. Arts and entertainment Eating out and eating in Academic culture Sports Student groups Read more Libraries Read more International student parents Read more Got accepted as a doctoral candidate? LMU Gateway assists new international academic staff in all matters related to their relocation to Munich. LMU Gateway up Related links Home Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Routing Facebook Bluesky Instagram LinkedIn Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1 D-80539 München Tel: +49 89 2180-0 Fax: +49 89 2180-2322 Related links Sitemap Privacy policy Imprint Accessibility Press Room LMU Shop LMU München © 2021 What are you looking for? main website all LMU sites More information about Google data transfer in LMU's Privacy Policy. close