Skip to main content Search Utility Search Toggle Students Faculty & Staff Families Alums Give to Smith Smith College logo Search Toggle main Menu Discover Smith Expand Discover Smith Menu Smith in Action History & Traditions President Sarah Willie-LeBreton Visit the Campus Governance Smith at a Glance Contact Smith Smith's Economic Impact Academics Expand Academics Menu Departments, Programs, & Courses Our Approach To Learning Integrative Learning Our Faculty Academic Calendar Libraries Registrar Class Deans Provost/Dean of the Faculty Study Abroad Admission & Aid Expand Admission & Aid Menu Apply to Smith Visits & Programs Life After Smith: Career Outcomes Tuition & Aid for Applicants Aid for Current Students For Parents & Families For School & CBO Counselors Your Campus Expand Your Campus Menu Health & Wellness Residence Life Dining & Menus Community Offices & Services Clubs & Organizations Student Government Association Athletics & Recreation For New Students SmithArts News & Events Expand News & Events Menu Smith Today Events Arts Calendar Smith Quarterly Show all breadcrumbs Admission & Aid Breadcrumb Scroll Left Home Admission & Aid Tuition & Aid for Applicants Scroll Right Financial Aid for International Students Secondary Scroll Left In This Section International Applicants Close Secondary Nav First-Year Applicants Expand First-Year Applicants Menu Financing Options for First Years Review Requests as a First Year Track Your Aid Application International Applicants Expand International Applicants Menu Financing Options for International Students Review Requests as an International Student Track Your Aid Application Transfer Applicants Expand Transfer Applicants Menu Financing Options as a Transfer Student Review Requests as a Transfer Student Track Your Aid Application Ada Comstock Scholar Applicants Expand Ada Comstock Scholar Applicants Menu Review Requests as an Ada Comstock Scholar Financing Options as an Ada Comstock Scholar Track Your Aid Application Undocumented Applicants Expand Undocumented Applicants Menu Financing Options as an Undocumented Student Review Requests as an Undocumented Student Track Your Aid Application Graduate Applicants Expand Graduate Applicants Menu Financing Options as a Graduate Student Track Your Aid Application More Smith College welcomes and supports qualified students from all economic backgrounds. As part of the college's commitment to access, affordability and equity, Smith has eliminated loans from its undergraduate financial aid packages for those students receiving institutional need-based aid, replacing those funds with institutional grants. The college will meet the full documented need, as determined by college policy, of all admitted students who apply for aid by the published deadlines. This section is for prospective students applying for admission. If you are a current student, please go to the Student Financial Services website for information. Non-U.S. Citizens Smith College awards need-based aid to non-U.S. citizens, both first-year and transfer applicants. The pool of international students is highly competitive and the level of support provided from the college ranges widely, depending on particular family circumstances. Aid is determined based on the information provided by the family on the Financial Aid Application, along with tax or income statements. A non-U.S. citizen will have their expected family contribution remain the same each year they attend Smith. The Smith Grant will be adjusted so that the total family contribution remains stable. Cost increases not covered by aid increases are the responsibility of the student and their family. Applying for Aid When to Apply Apply for financial aid by the deadlines to qualify; do not wait to be admitted to the college before applying for aid. Ada Comstock Scholars If you are an international student applying for the Ada Comstock Scholar program, please see the forms and deadlines in our Ada Comstock Scholar financial aid section. Applying for Aid After Deadlines International students who do not apply for aid prior to admission are not eligible to receive institutional aid at Smith at any time . Forms & Deadlines Expand all Collapse all Early Decision I Document Due CSS PROFILE 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 If submission of the CSS PROFILE would cause significant financial hardship for your family, please complete this fee waiver request form to request a CSS Profile Fee Waiver code. November 15 CSS PROFILE for Noncustodial Parents 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 November 15 2025 translated, signed parent tax return (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) If not required to file a 2025 tax return in your country of residence, complete the International Parent Non-Filer form (available at Smith's financial aid portal, Net Partner) and include a translated employer income statement (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate). International Parent Non-Filer Form (2025) November 15 Where to Send Forms After submitting the CSS Profile, forms should be sent to College Board's document imaging service Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Financial aid documents are to be uploaded electronically to IDOC or mailed directly to IDOC, where they will be scanned and sent electronically to Smith. College Board will send IDOC instructions via email to applicants who have completed the CSS PROFILE. To ensure deadlines are met, please complete the CSS PROFILE prior to the deadline so that documents can be uploaded to IDOC by our deadline. For more information, please visit the IDOC website . Net Partner (Smith's financial aid portal). Instructions will be emailed to applicant once admission application is received by the Smith Office of Admission. Early Decision II Document Due CSS PROFILE 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 If submission of the CSS PROFILE would cause significant financial hardship for your family, please complete this fee waiver request form to request a CSS Profile Fee Waiver code. January 6 CSS PROFILE for Noncustodial Parents 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 January 6 2025 translated, signed parent tax return (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) If not required to file a 2025 tax return in your country of residence, complete the International Parent Non-Filer form (available at Smith's financial aid portal, Net Partner) and include a translated employer income statement (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate). International Parent Non-Filer Form (2025) January 6 Where to Send Forms After submitting the CSS Profile, forms should be sent to College Board's document imaging service Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Financial aid documents are to be uploaded electronically to IDOC or mailed directly to IDOC, where they will be scanned and sent electronically to Smith. College Board will send IDOC instructions via email to applicants who have completed the CSS PROFILE. To ensure deadlines are met, please complete the CSS PROFILE prior to the deadline so that documents can be uploaded to IDOC by our deadline. For more information, please visit the IDOC website . Net Partner (Smith's financial aid portal). Instructions will be emailed to applicant once admission application is received by the Smith Office of Admission. Regular Decision Document Due CSS PROFILE 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 If submission of the CSS PROFILE would cause significant financial hardship for your family, please complete this fee waiver request form to request a CSS Profile Fee Waiver code. January 25 CSS PROFILE for Noncustodial Parents 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 January 25 2025 translated, signed parent tax return (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) If not required to file a 2025 tax return in your country of residence, complete the International Parent Non-Filer form (available at Smith's financial aid portal, Net Partner) and include a translated employer income statement (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate). International Parent Non-Filer Form (2025) Where to Send Forms After submitting the CSS Profile, forms should be sent to College Board's document imaging service Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Financial aid documents are to be uploaded electronically to IDOC or mailed directly to IDOC, where they will be scanned and sent electronically to Smith. College Board will send IDOC instructions via email to applicants who have completed the CSS PROFILE. To ensure deadlines are met, please complete the CSS PROFILE prior to the deadline so that documents can be uploaded to IDOC by our deadline. For more information, please visit the IDOC website . Net Partner (Smith's financial aid portal). Instructions will be emailed to applicant once admission application is received by the Smith Office of Admission. Transfer Students (September 2027 Entrance) Document Due CSS PROFILE 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 If submission of the CSS PROFILE would cause significant financial hardship for your family, please complete this fee waiver request form to request a CSS Profile Fee Waiver code. March 11 CSS PROFILE for Noncustodial Parents 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 March 11 2025 translated, signed parent tax return (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) If not required to file a 2025 tax return in your country of residence, complete the International Parent Non-Filer form (available at Smith's financial aid portal, Net Partner) and include a translated employer income statement (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate). International Parent Non-Filer Form (2025) March 11 Where to Send Forms Forms should be sent to College Board's document imaging service Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Financial aid documents are to be uploaded electronically to IDOC or mailed directly to IDOC, where they will be scanned and sent electronically to Smith. College Board will send IDOC instructions via email to applicants who have completed the CSS PROFILE. To ensure deadlines are met, please complete the CSS PROFILE prior to the deadline so that documents can be uploaded to IDOC by our deadline. For more information, please visit the IDOC website . Net Partner (Smith's financial aid portal). Instructions will be emailed to applicant once admission application is received by the Smith Office of Admission. About the Forms Any documentation that is sent to the SFS Office through Net Partner should be sent in PDF format. Other formats may be incompatible with our system. U.S. Tax Returns If your family lives in the United States and files a U.S. tax return, you must also submit that return. Types of Aid Scroll Left Grant Aid Merit Aid Student Employment Outside Aid Scroll Right Grants are need-based and do not need to be repaid. In order to be considered for Smith College grants, you must apply for financial aid by the published deadlines, prior to admission. Expand all Collapse all Smith College Grant The grant amount is based on a family's financial need as determined by Smith College through the financial aid application process. Most Smith grants come from funds given for this purpose by alumnae and friends of the college and by foundations and corporations. If you are a recipient of one of these named scholarships, you will be contacted by the Office of Donor Relations. You will be asked to complete an online questionnaire about your Smith experience. Your timely response is important. If you have any questions, contact DonorRelations@smith.edu . Health Grant All international and undocumented students who receive need-based financial aid from the college will receive a health grant to cover the cost of health insurance through the college. Non-aided international or undocumented students or international or undocumented students who successfully waive the health insurance are not eligible for this grant. Smith College offers a limited number of awards based on merit rather than need. All applicants for admission are automatically considered; there are no special application forms. Students are selected by the Office of Admission and must maintain satisfactory academic progress in order to have their scholarships renewed annually. Merit scholarships are considered a resource when determining eligibility for need-based financial aid. For example, if a student has $15,000 of calculated need and receives the Stride Scholarship for $22,500, this student would not receive need-based aid since the scholarship exceeds the need. Students who have need-based aid eligibility above and beyond the amount of merit scholarships will receive need-based aid to cover the difference. Merit aid is only offered at the time of admission. The student employment component of a financial aid award represents the opportunity to have a job on campus; because of visa limitations, international students are not eligible to hold any job off campus. You are responsible for finding a position that aligns with your preferences and schedule, and are encouraged to apply early for the best selection of jobs. You may work to earn money for books and supplies, to put towards your tuition accounts, or for personal spending money. There is no obligation to work all or any of the hours awarded, though income not earned is not replaced with other aid. For information about work-study at Smith College, see Student Employment . Outside aid will first reduce or replace the work study portion of your award. If the outside aid exceeds the total work component of your award, we will allow the aid to go toward a one-time computer purchase, or toward the cost of the Smith College Health Insurance (unless you receive a health grant). Any amount of outside aid in excess of the work component of your award plus these costs if applicable will replace Smith Grant dollar for dollar. State or federal grant assistance reduces Smith Grant dollar for dollar. Outside aid includes outside awards based on student merit, as well as tuition subsidies based on parent employment (Tuition Benefits). If you receive any assistance from an organization outside of the college, this aid must be taken into consideration in calculating your financial aid award. You are required to report all outside aid to the Student Financial Services office. Once you notify us of any aid which is expected to be sent directly to the college, we will add the anticipated amount to the student account as a pending credit, reducing the amount due. If the aid is expected to be late, please notify us so we can extend the pending credit. Any amounts expected but not received are the responsibility of the student. Outside aid, based on either student merit or parent employment (e.g.: employee tuition benefits), will first reduce or replace the self-help portion of your award (federal work-study). If outside aid is in excess of self-help, we will allow it to go toward the cost of the Smith health insurance plan or a one-time computer purchase. Any amount of outside aid in excess of self-help and these costs will reduce Smith Grant dollar for dollar. Learn about the various financing options available to international students. How We Determine Aid Each financial aid application file is personally reviewed by experienced staff in the Office of Student Financial Services. In addition to submitting the required documentation, you are welcome to include any information that you feel will help us understand your family's financial status. Remember to complete your admission application, since only accepted students can receive a financial aid decision. Three steps are used in documenting your level of financial need: 1. Calculating the family contribution The Office of Student Financial Services evaluates each student's application using federal and institutional methodologies to assess a family's financial resources. During the review, attention is given to individual family circumstances. Standard factors involved in the review include income, assets, family size, the number of family members in college, unreimbursed medical expenses, taxes paid and tuition for siblings in elementary or secondary school. Staff will determine what each family is expected to contribute toward the student's annual educational expenses following the appropriate federal and college policies. 2. Determining the cost of attendance An educational expense budget is calculated for each student. Tuition, fees, room and board, and standard allowances for books, supplies, personal expenses and travel are included. 3. Financial need The difference between the cost of attendance and the calculated family contribution is the student's documented financial need. Smith College recognizes the diversity of the modern family and requires the submission of information regarding both parents, as well as spouses and domestic partners of each parent. Exceptions to this policy are made on a case-by-case basis. Merit scholarships are considered a resource when determining eligibility for need-based financial aid. For example, if a student has $22,000 of calculated need and receives the Zollman Scholarship for $25,000, this student would not receive need-based aid since the scholarship exceeds the need. Students who have need-based aid eligibility above and beyond the amount of merit scholarships will receive need-based aid to cover the difference. Merit aid is not awarded on top of need-based aid, but is also considered to meet a family's financial need. Cost of Attendance, 2026-27 Students are billed for one-half of the annual charges at the beginning of each semester. The Cost of Attendance includes allowances for out-of-pocket expenses that most students incur during the year. *Students approved by Residence Life to have non-traditional housing or food arrangements have a modified Cost of Attendance. Direct Billed Costs Cost (U.S. dollars) Tuition $70,460 Food & Housing* $24,520 Student Activities Fee $308 Health Insurance (domestic students may waive) $4,030 *Actual costs incurred will vary and are the student's responsibility. Indirect Costs Not Billed Cost (U.S. dollars) Books, course materials, supplies, and equipment $800 Transportation (domestic average) $640 (international average) $1,000 Personal expenses $1,910 Contact Student Financial Services College Hall 108 10 Elm Street Smith College Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-585-2530 Email: sfs@smith.edu Call Center Hours: Monday through Friday 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m. (EST) Smith College logo Smith College Smith College 10 Elm Street Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-584-2700 Footer Portal Directory Dining Menus Campus Map Give to Smith Employment Libraries Botanic Garden Museum of Art See what you can do with a Smith education. Social Navigation Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube © 2026 Smith College. Meta Privacy Terms of Use Title IX Equity and Inclusion Nondiscrimination Statement Consumer Information Contact Us Experiencing an accessibility issue on a Smith web page? Please let us know.