Skip to main content Search Utility Search Toggle Students Faculty & Staff Families Alums Give to Smith Smith College logo Search Toggle main Menu Discover Smith Expand Discover Smith Menu Smith in Action History & Traditions President Sarah Willie-LeBreton Visit the Campus Governance Smith at a Glance Contact Smith Smith's Economic Impact Academics Expand Academics Menu Departments, Programs, & Courses Our Approach To Learning Integrative Learning Our Faculty Academic Calendar Libraries Registrar Class Deans Provost/Dean of the Faculty Study Abroad Admission & Aid Expand Admission & Aid Menu Apply to Smith Visits & Programs Life After Smith: Career Outcomes Tuition & Aid for Applicants Aid for Current Students For Parents & Families For School & CBO Counselors Your Campus Expand Your Campus Menu Health & Wellness Residence Life Dining & Menus Community Offices & Services Clubs & Organizations Student Government Association Athletics & Recreation For New Students SmithArts News & Events Expand News & Events Menu Smith Today Events Arts Calendar Smith Quarterly Show all breadcrumbs Admission & Aid Breadcrumb Scroll Left Home Admission & Aid Apply to Smith Scroll Right First-Year Applicants Secondary Scroll Left In This Section First-Year Applicants Close Secondary Nav First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants Ada Comstock Scholar Transfer Applicants Visiting Year Applicants Admission Staff Meet the Class of 2030 Standardized Testing Policy More Who goes to Smith? We could quote statistics on geographic distribution, class rank and College Board examination scores. But statistics do little to give you a sense of the vibrancy, intelligence and talent of the women who choose Smith. Every incoming class includes some who have unusual talents and maybe some yet to be discovered. Though diverse, all have strong academic records, as well as several other attributes that the board of admission seeks: motivation, determination and curiosity. You can apply to Smith under one of three decision plans: Early Decision I, Early Decision II, and Regular Decision. Ready to Apply to Smith? Smith accepts two applications for first-year admission-the Coalition Application and the Common Application. Smith does not have a preference for one application over the other. There is no application fee. Apply Coalition with SCOIR Apply Using the Common Application Forms & Deadlines Expand all Collapse all Early Decision I About Early Decision Early Decision is a binding commitment and is intended for students who have determined that Smith is their first choice. An Early Decision candidate may be admitted, deferred to Regular Decision or denied. If you are admitted under the Early Decision plan, you must enroll at Smith and withdraw all other college applications. In accordance with the National Association of College Admission Counseling policy: "Should a student who applies for financial aid not be offered an award that makes attendance possible, the student may decline the offer of admission and be released from the Early Decision commitment." Deferred applicants are reconsidered with regular decision applications in the spring. Decision mailings are sent mid-December. Item Deadline Early Decision Agreement November 15 Common Application or Coalition Application November 15 Secondary School Report November 15 Counselor Recommendation November 15 Two Teacher Evaluations November 15 Standardized Test Scores (optional) November 15 First-quarter or First-trimester Senior Grades As soon as grades become available Financial Aid Materials (domestic applicants) See Tuition & Financial Aid for deadlines Financial Aid Materials (international applicants) See Tuition & Financial Aid for deadlines Midyear School Report As soon as grades become available Final Transcript As soon as grades become available Where to Send Forms You can send your documents to us by email, through the mail or via fax. Please make copies of all documents submitted. Office of Admission Smith College 7 College Lane Northampton, MA 01063 Fax: 413-585-2527 admission@smith.edu Early Decision II About Early Decision Early Decision is a binding commitment and is intended for students who have determined that Smith is their first choice. An Early Decision candidate may be admitted, deferred to Regular Decision or denied. If you are admitted under the Early Decision plan, you must enroll at Smith and withdraw all other college applications. In accordance with the National Association of College Admission Counseling policy: "Should a student who applies for financial aid not be offered an award that makes attendance possible, the student may decline the offer of admission and be released from the Early Decision commitment." Deferred applicants are reconsidered with regular decision applications in the spring. Decision mailings are sent in late January. Item Deadline Early Decision Agreement January 5 Common Application or Coalition Application January 5 Secondary School Report January 5 Counselor Recommendation January 5 Two Teacher Evaluations January 5 First-quarter or First-trimester Senior Grades As soon as grades become available Midyear School Report (if available) January 5 Standardized Test Scores (optional) January 5 Financial Aid Materials (domestic applicants) See Tuition & Financial Aid for deadlines Financial Aid Materials (international applicants) See Tuition & Financial Aid for deadlines Final Transcript As soon as grades become available Where to Send Forms You can send your documents to us by email, through the mail or via fax. Please make copies of all documents submitted. Office of Admission Smith College 7 College Lane Northampton, MA 01063 Fax: 413-585-2527 admission@smith.edu Regular Decision Decision mailings are sent in late March. Item Deadline Common Application or Coalition Application January 15 Secondary School Report January 15 Counselor Recommendation January 15 Two Teacher Evaluations January 15 Standardized Test Scores (optional) January 15 Midyear School Report February 15* Financial Aid Materials (domestic applicants) See Tuition & Financial Aid for deadlines Financial Aid Materials (international applicants) See Tuition & Financial Aid for deadlines Final Transcript As soon as grades become available *If you are unable to provide the Midyear School Report by February 15, please send it to us as soon as possible. Where to Send Forms You can send your documents to us by email, through the mail or via fax. Please make copies of all documents submitted. Office of Admission Smith College 7 College Lane Northampton, MA 01063 Fax: 413-585-2527 admission@smith.edu Natural Disasters or Community Crisis If you or your community has recently been impacted by natural disaster or a community crisis, we understand that you may not be able to meet our posted application deadlines. Please know that we are here to work with you during this difficult time. If you anticipate a delay in the submission of your application, please contact us at admission@smith.edu to request an extension. Application Materials Required Smith accepts two applications for first-year admission-the Common Application and the Coalition Application. Smith does not have a preference for one application over the other; both of these application types will receive equal consideration in our admission process. All required forms and instructions for completing each application are available on the application web sites. Common Application or Coalition Application Secondary School Report, including official high school transcript Counselor Recommendation Two Teacher Evaluation Forms Midyear Report Early Decision Agreement (if applicable) International Applicants Additionally, international applicants are required to demonstrate English proficiency and may be required to submit testing. International citizens whose primary language is not English or have not attended a school at which English is the primary language of instruction will be required to submit TOEFL, IELTS, PTE or the Duolingo English Test/DET. Applicants may be exempt from this requirement if they meet any of the following criteria: Identify English as their first language; Have attended a school in which the primary language of instruction is English for the duration of their secondary school career; Have attended a school in the United States and been instructed in English for at least two years; Are enrolled in or have completed the IB Diploma Program or A level curriculum taught in English. Please note that the test requirement is based on citizenship, not on where a student attends school. Optional Art Supplement Students with strong backgrounds in music, visual art or dance are welcome to submit supplementary materials to support their application. Materials in other genres are not accepted or reviewed. Please note that you must submit all materials electronically using SlideRoom (not via regular mail). Materials will be accepted beginning August 1 through February 1. Portfolios started by February 1 must be completed by February 15 or they will not be reviewed. Applicant Interviews Interviews are optional for first-year and transfer applicants, and are conducted by Smith admission alum volunteers. Upon submission of your application to Smith, instructions for requesting an interview will be available on your applicant status portal. Financial Assistance U.S. Applicants If you intend to apply for financial aid, you must do so when you apply for admission and by the published deadlines. U.S. citizens who do not apply for financial aid by the published deadlines will be required to complete 64 credits earned at Smith before they are eligible to apply for institutional financial aid. This means that a student would be eligible to receive only federal, state and outside aid for her first two years at Smith; no Smith grant aid would be available before that period. Visit Tuition & Financial Aid for financial aid deadlines and information and instructions on applying for financial aid. International Applicants If you intend to apply for financial aid, you must do so when you apply for admission and by the published deadlines. International students who do not apply by the published deadlines prior to admission are ineligible to receive institutional financial aid from the college at any time . Visit Tuition & Financial Aid for financial aid deadlines and information and instructions on applying for financial aid. Standardized Testing Policy Smith has a test-optional standardized testing policy. International applicants are required to demonstrate English proficiency and may be required to submit testing. Standardized Testing Policy Smith College has been test-optional since 2009 and remains test-optional today. Our admission process is holistic. At Smith we look at the whole applicant and do not rely on a test score to define your potential for academic success. Your academic record, extracurricular activities, essay, recommendation letters, personal accomplishments and characteristics, and engagement in your community are all carefully considered during our review and selection process. Unsure about whether to submit your scores? If you are unsure of whether you should submit your test scores, we advise you to base your decision on whether you feel that your standardized test scores accurately reflect your academic ability and potential, or highlight an academic strength. If you choose not to submit test scores, you will in no way be disadvantaged in the admission process. Does the test optional policy apply to both US Citizens and International citizens? The submission of SAT or ACT scores is optional for all applicants. International applicants are required to demonstrate English proficiency and may be required to submit testing. International citizens whose primary language is not English or have not attended a school at which English is the primary language of instruction will be required to submit TOEFL, IELTS, PTE or the Duolingo English Test/DET. Applicants may be exempt from this requirement if they: Identify English as their first language; Have attended a school in which the primary language of instruction is English for the duration of their secondary school career; Have attended a school in the United States and been instructed in English for at least two years; Are enrolled in or have completed the IB Diploma Program or A level curriculum taught in English. Please note that the test requirement is based on citizenship, not on where a student attends school. Undocumented and DACA Students: Undocumented and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) students follow the procedures and requirements for first-year or transfer admission. They are evaluated in the same way as U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent residents; SAT or ACT scores are optional. Frequently Asked Questions Expand all Collapse all Does Smith accept AP, IB, or college credits? A maximum of one semester (16 credits) earned through any combination of AP, IB, and college credit while in high school may be applied toward your Smith degree. Pre-matriculation credit may be used only: to make up a shortage of credits incurred through failure with the approval of the academic board, to make up a shortage of credit incurred as a result of dropping a course for reasons of health to undertake an accelerated course program Credits are recorded for scores of 4 or 5 on most Advanced Placement examinations. The credits allotted are determined by the individual department. Smith will award up to a semester's worth of credit if you have taken part in an International Baccalaureate program. The exact amount of credit will be determined once an official copy of results has been sent to the registrar's office . Who is eligible to apply to Smith? Smith is a women's college and considers for admission any applicants who self-identify as women; cis, trans, and nonbinary women are eligible to apply to Smith. What is the admission and financial aid process for undocumented students? Undocumented and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) students follow the procedures and requirements for first-year or transfer admission. They are evaluated in the same way as U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent residents; SAT or ACT scores are optional. Undocumented and DACA students should indicate "Non-citizen" or "Other" in the citizenship field on the Common Application. Because we want to obtain a comprehensive picture of the student's background and experiences in the context of her school and community, we encourage undocumented and DACA applicants to disclose their citizenship status in the application. Undocumented and DACA students may apply under any admission plan, including Early Decision. Smith meets 100 percent of the demonstrated need of all admitted students who apply for financial aid by the published deadlines. Because federal financial aid is not available for undocumented and DACA students, Smith provides institutional, need-based financial aid in its place. Please be in touch with the admission office if you have further questions. I want to defer my enrollment. What is the process? Admitted first-year students who wish to defer their enrollment should send a letter to Dean of Admission Deanna Dixon, or send an email to the admission office. Please state the reasons for deferral and explain your plans for the next year. You must pay your enrollment deposit by the published deadline to hold your space in next year's class. We must have your request by May 15. Transfer students, including Ada Comstock transfers, are not eligible for deferred entrance. I need to defer my enrollment for medical reasons. What is the process? An admitted first-year or transfer applicant (including an Ada Comstock transfer) who has accepted Smith's offer and paid the required deposit may request to postpone their entrance due to medical reasons if they make this request in writing, explaining the nature of the medical problem, to the dean of admission prior to the first day of classes. Readmission is not guaranteed. Contact Admission 7 College Lane Smith College Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-585-2500 Email: admission@smith.edu Want to stay in touch? Join our mailing list ! Smith College logo Smith College Smith College 10 Elm Street Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-584-2700 Footer Portal Directory Dining Menus Campus Map Give to Smith Employment Libraries Botanic Garden Museum of Art See what you can do with a Smith education. Social Navigation Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube © 2026 Smith College. Meta Privacy Terms of Use Title IX Equity and Inclusion Nondiscrimination Statement Consumer Information Contact Us Experiencing an accessibility issue on a Smith web page? Please let us know.