Skip to main content Search Utility Search Toggle Students Faculty & Staff Families Alums Give to Smith Smith College logo Search Toggle main Menu Discover Smith Expand Discover Smith Menu Smith in Action History & Traditions President Sarah Willie-LeBreton Visit the Campus Governance Smith at a Glance Contact Smith Smith's Economic Impact Academics Expand Academics Menu Departments, Programs, & Courses Our Approach To Learning Integrative Learning Our Faculty Academic Calendar Libraries Registrar Class Deans Provost/Dean of the Faculty Study Abroad Admission & Aid Expand Admission & Aid Menu Apply to Smith Visits & Programs Life After Smith: Career Outcomes Tuition & Aid for Applicants Aid for Current Students For Parents & Families For School & CBO Counselors Your Campus Expand Your Campus Menu Health & Wellness Residence Life Dining & Menus Community Offices & Services Clubs & Organizations Student Government Association Athletics & Recreation For New Students SmithArts News & Events Expand News & Events Menu Smith Today Events Arts Calendar Smith Quarterly Show all breadcrumbs Home Breadcrumb Scroll Left Home Admission & Aid Scroll Right Apply to Smith Secondary Scroll Left In This Section Apply to Smith Close Secondary Nav First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants Ada Comstock Scholar Transfer Applicants Visiting Year Applicants Admission Staff Meet the Class of 2030 Standardized Testing Policy More We're so glad you're considering Smith, and we can't wait to read your application. We carefully consider your high school program, performance, experiences, and potential for success at Smith. When we evaluate your transcript and read your recommendations, we look for evidence of success in a rigorous curriculum. Your essay tells us how you think and write (and what you care about). Extracurricular activities give us a window on what you might contribute to our community. No two applicants are the same-let your personality shine through! Get the Details Depending on what type of applicant you are, your road to Smith may look a bit different. Learn more about what we'll need to see from you. First-Year Applicants Transfer Applicants Ada Comstock Scholar Transfer Applicants Graduate Applicants Admission Criteria At Smith, we value a student's curiosity and interest in making the world a better place-when making admission decisions, we consider a student's capacity to contribute to the classroom and to our community more broadly. We look at your transcript, recommendations, your essay and extracurricular activities to arrive at an admission decision. Since we are test optional , and have been since 2009, we are basing admission decisions on factors that cannot be determined by a test. Preparing for Smith We strongly recommend that you prepare for admission by taking the highest-level courses offered by your high school. Where possible, your course load should include: four years of English composition and literature three years of a foreign language (or two years each of two languages) three years of mathematics three years of lab science two years of history Meet Your Admission Team From admission counselors to administrative staff, we all have one goal: to match Smith with enthusiastic, intelligent, eager students. Several of us were once in your shoes and are now proud Smith alums, excited to help usher in new classes of Smithies. See a Full Staff Listing Contact Office of Admission 7 College Lane Smith College Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-585-2500 Email: admission@smith.edu Want to stay in touch? Join our mailing list ! Smith College logo Smith College Smith College 10 Elm Street Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-584-2700 Footer Portal Directory Dining Menus Campus Map Give to Smith Employment Libraries Botanic Garden Museum of Art See what you can do with a Smith education. Social Navigation Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube © 2026 Smith College. Meta Privacy Terms of Use Title IX Equity and Inclusion Nondiscrimination Statement Consumer Information Contact Us Experiencing an accessibility issue on a Smith web page? Please let us know.